i hope youre lurking rn. i want to listen to hallucination & wanna love you again live someday, pretty please?! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face
05 really taught me a valuable lesson i am never gonna be late again!
never had a voice to protest, so you fed me shit to digest. i wish i had a reason, my flaws are open season.
rest in peace & love to you and your family
100 days until christmas! evergreen tree soon ready yet
good can not wait to be reunited with you huni! xx
100 words short of the word requirement but i do not care, i am going to bed.
it was nice hanging out this afternoon. i had a great time!
10k walk this morning. we did an awesome job.
10 minutes to eat
10 times one direction had the perfect love song for every relationship :
yet again if you list them on twitter you're garbage.
wow! sweet butt for all of them i love smile
11 o'clock cant come no faster
11pm on a saturday night and im in my room feeling bad for the lady who did not get bail yesterday
12:30 can not come any faster
180 invested in our mission on thank you! so close to our 15k goal. help us get there!
15-year-old boy fighting for his life and another injured after stabbing at london school
17 years ago today we made one of the best choices of our lives. here " s to 17 years of being smoke free!
180 days until summer! on the bright side we only have 2 days until a 4 day weekend
1966 was when in cold blood scared us, bruno sammartino slammed us & john lennon shocked us :
19 million project brings journalists, coders and humanitarians together around the migrant crisis
1 am and i can already tell today will be a great day
first reaction to the pants i yelled what are those pants! but i fucking love those pants. they're so harry
1d family! we want to see all of the fan art you've made over the years, show us using
1d give boring performances it's always the same one direction
i have never laughed so much in an interview face with tears of joy h : his face says " shit i've got chlamydia "
ive never laughed so much in my life
1d the kings of never promoting yet keeping their winning streak
1) good grades 2) social life 3) excel in your sport 4) sleep you may only choose 2... good luck
can you please reply
1 sleep until at dublin's convention centre. can not wait 2 c all the brave dancers
1st i wana thank everyone for the calls, texts, messages, condolences and prayers. my grandmother is very close 2
1st world society helped 'create ' terrorists, b/c they are jealous & thus hate us. send em 2 texas 4 target practice.
kjr is awful is why. why they get killed in ratings. no expert analysis. just throw shit against the wall hoping to be right
dollar credit limit on my new credit card
2001, scott weiland was arrested after allegedly fighting with his wife at the hard rock hotel in las vegas
2013 henriette was so full of life man
2015 been a weird ass year like hella shit has happened and changed within this one year like damn
2015's movies have been a disappointment but the music has nearly made up for it. 4 albums that would have been my favorite last year.
2016 is in 43 days and i was hoping to have my shit together by the end of this year. well, there's always next year.
2016 is the year of the apocalypse
*2016 will be my year and i do not give a fuck if you do not see that *
2017 please come faster
2:07 am here. i am not sleep yet, so i am not dream yet. ha
oh, defiantly! even though i know how much fun you had.
21years old + with no job, no education, and you got a nerve 2 sit in your gmom basement all day and smoke weed smh fucking shame
22mil for jooao moutinho. no value in the market.
23 were killed in a factory in bangladesh after a boiler exploded and sparked a fire
she just made my damn night face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy here i am eating my husband like its so damn normal
2:51am and i am not even a little bit tired... just my heart beat and my thoughts laying in the dark.
25 by adele hits all the feels.
25 - the best is always
27 degrees in valley stream. i am not a fan of the cold. i was born in june so i love the heat lol.
28c and sunny at 5. 00 p. m. its no good i cant wait any longer for winter. the slow roast belly of pork is in the oven.
28. have you ever been heartbroken? " way too many times, lost many soldiers
28 points given up in a little more than half a quarter... that's real great
really sick of people... they hav started saying novak has become for rafa what rafa is for roger... all pointless talks
2 bros coastal cuisine will be serving up some great sandwiches and apps before during and after the off their
2 dead after shooting at tampa hospital
2 hours of sleep and the doctors are already doing rounds and coming in waking me up ughhhhh
2 hours to go until i am heading back to the 610 for a week. gonna miss philly but it'll be nice to be back with the family for a little.
yes i did. i still have not got a second reply for my ticket can you guys look into it please!
yep --if you drive far enough, you're bound to find a gas pump without the agw warning label on it
2nd floor wing is always packed
thirteen ghosts is the fucking shit smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes
2 qs in your piece on " terror gap " why do you only refer to opposition to infringing 2a rights & not 1/2
coming down when i finish this homework.
in my very negative viewpoint, there's a bad choice, and a worse choice. the worst part is when you can not tell the two apart.
2 years since the famous petit filous night, the worst state we've ever been in! i miss my number 1 big time rn
30k dead, maybe they're targeting civilians :10 bakery attacks in are not (cont )
30 mins left of the auction! do not miss out!
and the clip of this song is making me cry. just brilliant.
3,296 days is still not a long enough winning streak.
34 days until christmas! we cant wait to welcome all our guests over the xmas period. have you been naughty or nice?
3 dead, 4 injured in nashik accident - the asian age
3d tattoos that are almost too real to believe!
3 fucken days till i go back to california. lord do not let me do some dumb shit. i wish to go home where i can be happy with my mom weary face
3 hour car ride tomorrow, that's going to be great for my back
3 hours & later, i have thanksgiving dinner & all of the food for before & after thanksgiving all paid for! love to smart shop & save!
3 hours sleep woo
3 lukey please be my 2/5 and make my day, since i've had a shitty year. x
b'i hope youre lurking rn. i want to listen to hallucination & wanna love you again live someday, pretty please?! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'05 really taught me a valuable lesson i am never gonna be late again!'
b'never had a voice to protest, so you fed me shit to digest. i wish i had a reason, my flaws are open season.'
b'rest in peace & love to you and your family'
b'100 days until christmas! evergreen tree soon ready yet'
b'good can not wait to be reunited with you huni! xx'
b'100 words short of the word requirement but i do not care, i am going to bed.'
b'it was nice hanging out this afternoon. i had a great time!'
b'10k walk this morning. we did an awesome job.'
b'10 minutes to eat'
b'10 times one direction had the perfect love song for every relationship :'
b"yet again if you list them on twitter you're garbage."
b'wow! sweet butt for all of them i love smile'
b"11 o'clock cant come no faster"
b'11pm on a saturday night and im in my room feeling bad for the lady who did not get bail yesterday'
b'12:30 can not come any faster'
b'180 invested in our mission on thank you! so close to our 15k goal. help us get there!'
b'15-year-old boy fighting for his life and another injured after stabbing at london school'
b'17 years ago today we made one of the best choices of our lives. here " s to 17 years of being smoke free!'
b'180 days until summer! on the bright side we only have 2 days until a 4 day weekend'
b'1966 was when in cold blood scared us, bruno sammartino slammed us & john lennon shocked us :'
b'19 million project brings journalists, coders and humanitarians together around the migrant crisis'
b'1 am and i can already tell today will be a great day'
b"first reaction to the pants i yelled what are those pants! but i fucking love those pants. they're so harry"
b"1d family! we want to see all of the fan art you've made over the years, show us using"
b"1d give boring performances it's always the same one direction"
b'i have never laughed so much in an interview face with tears of joy h : his face says " shit i\'ve got chlamydia "'
b'ive never laughed so much in my life'
b'1d the kings of never promoting yet keeping their winning streak'
b'1) good grades 2) social life 3) excel in your sport 4) sleep you may only choose 2... good luck'
b'can you please reply'
b"1 sleep until at dublin's convention centre. can not wait 2 c all the brave dancers"
b'1st i wana thank everyone for the calls, texts, messages, condolences and prayers. my grandmother is very close 2'
b"1st world society helped 'create ' terrorists, b/c they are jealous & thus hate us. send em 2 texas 4 target practice."
b'kjr is awful is why. why they get killed in ratings. no expert analysis. just throw shit against the wall hoping to be right'
b'dollar credit limit on my new credit card'
b'2001, scott weiland was arrested after allegedly fighting with his wife at the hard rock hotel in las vegas'
b'2013 henriette was so full of life man'
b'2015 been a weird ass year like hella shit has happened and changed within this one year like damn'
b"2015's movies have been a disappointment but the music has nearly made up for it. 4 albums that would have been my favorite last year."
b"2016 is in 43 days and i was hoping to have my shit together by the end of this year. well, there's always next year."
b'2016 is the year of the apocalypse'
b'*2016 will be my year and i do not give a fuck if you do not see that *'
b'2017 please come faster'
b'2:07 am here. i am not sleep yet, so i am not dream yet. ha'
b'oh, defiantly! even though i know how much fun you had.'
b'21years old + with no job, no education, and you got a nerve 2 sit in your gmom basement all day and smoke weed smh fucking shame'
b'22mil for jooao moutinho. no value in the market.'
b'23 were killed in a factory in bangladesh after a boiler exploded and sparked a fire'
b'she just made my damn night face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy here i am eating my husband like its so damn normal'
b'2:51am and i am not even a little bit tired... just my heart beat and my thoughts laying in the dark.'
b'25 by adele hits all the feels.'
b'25 - the best is always'
b'27 degrees in valley stream. i am not a fan of the cold. i was born in june so i love the heat lol.'
b'28c and sunny at 5. 00 p. m. its no good i cant wait any longer for winter. the slow roast belly of pork is in the oven.'
b'28. have you ever been heartbroken? " way too many times, lost many soldiers'
b"28 points given up in a little more than half a quarter... that's real great"
b'really sick of people... they hav started saying novak has become for rafa what rafa is for roger... all pointless talks'
b'2 bros coastal cuisine will be serving up some great sandwiches and apps before during and after the off their'
b'2 dead after shooting at tampa hospital'
b'2 hours of sleep and the doctors are already doing rounds and coming in waking me up ughhhhh'
b"2 hours to go until i am heading back to the 610 for a week. gonna miss philly but it'll be nice to be back with the family for a little."
b'yes i did. i still have not got a second reply for my ticket can you guys look into it please!'
b"yep --if you drive far enough, you're bound to find a gas pump without the agw warning label on it"
b'2nd floor wing is always packed'
b'thirteen ghosts is the fucking shit smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'2 qs in your piece on " terror gap " why do you only refer to opposition to infringing 2a rights & not 1/2'
b'coming down when i finish this homework.'
b"in my very negative viewpoint, there's a bad choice, and a worse choice. the worst part is when you can not tell the two apart."
b"2 years since the famous petit filous night, the worst state we've ever been in! i miss my number 1 big time rn"
b"30k dead, maybe they're targeting civilians :10 bakery attacks in are not (cont )"
b'30 mins left of the auction! do not miss out!'
b'and the clip of this song is making me cry. just brilliant.'
b'3,296 days is still not a long enough winning streak.'
b'34 days until christmas! we cant wait to welcome all our guests over the xmas period. have you been naughty or nice?'
b'3 dead, 4 injured in nashik accident - the asian age'
b'3d tattoos that are almost too real to believe!'
b'3 fucken days till i go back to california. lord do not let me do some dumb shit. i wish to go home where i can be happy with my mom weary face'
b"3 hour car ride tomorrow, that's going to be great for my back"
b'3 hours & later, i have thanksgiving dinner & all of the food for before & after thanksgiving all paid for! love to smart shop & save!'
b'3 hours sleep woo'
b"3 lukey please be my 2/5 and make my day, since i've had a shitty year. x"
b'3 more days and i will be reunited with my best friend and my family! raised fist grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8d\x97\xf0\x9f\x8c\xbd\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb4'
b'3 more days until i am reunited with my friends good good good good'
b'3 more years to wait'
b"*3 people sitting out front of the school* dad : there's a lot of kids in the morning. me : yeah, more than the population of africa!"
b'3 question marks so you know its real'
b"3 top ways to attract me 1 funny 2 mean (idk why but that's attractive ) 3: looks."
b'yah your right sometimes we eat ice cream during winter hehehe. that drink must be yummy coz apple + lychee wow my 2 fave fruits.'
b'3 way tie between cornbread dressing.. potato salad & macaroni " : what\'s your fav holiday dish that you\'re looking forward to? "'
b"3 years ago, i would've never thought that i would be this happy, so positive & full of life. they're right when they say time heals you"
b'40 in sydney last friday - pretty hot down here'
b'45 minutes left to type 1000 more words.'
b"dc eric mangini believes armstead still needs work on pad-level but says he's a fast learner, smart, strong work ethic and high-motor"
b'thanks for following : i hope you have time to visit for my paintings, poems & books.'
b'happy birthday to you brother! hope your having a blessed day & continue pursuing that dream. i believe in you peace \xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x92\xab'
b'4 suicide bombers and 5 civilians dead, ten wounded.'
b'4 weeks out from my first the - not a great time to get sick, but better than 4 weeks from now!'
b'did you get my message, and are you going to listen to the video?'
b'5 days p3 to i am preparing my swag for saturday kumasi city boys are coming lol. get ready'
b'5 hours of sleep and i am so pumped and excited but my eyes are hurting and hopefully i do not crash at school'
b'5 papers to write by tuesday'
b'do you guys remember 5quad becoming so popular from digi nyc to the previous digi, how they did not meet everyone loudly crying face'
b'the first time i saw he was shopping in walmart and he was really laggy but i kept watching anyways'
b'5sos just posted this on instagram! 5 seconds of summer'
b'my best friend was the reason i started to fall for you & now it feels like shes the reason making me want to leave.'
b"it's time for people to let it go and leave it alone, obviously it's not going to end bc of your butt hurt comments"
b'5 winter home improvement projects for less than'
b'*5 yr old cousin knocks on my door* " wanna see something cool? " me : " ya " *leads me to quiet other room* *shows me her butt* *bows* *leaves *'
b'60 years of successful marriage for cheltenham couple thanks to chivalry! | gloucestershire echo'
b'67-21 what a day to be a spartan'
b"if i was of colour i'd be fucking embarrassed of these clowns"
b'6 am wake up not excited lol'
b'are you going to the game tomorrow night?'
b'6 different outfits in one music video it can only be taylor swift! love we are never ever getting back together'
b"i used to use drugs in my freshman year (i'm a senior now ) i used to smoke weed and what ever i..."
b'6 months ago i lost my baby boy, the most precious thing in my life was stolen from me loudly crying face'
b'6 steps to make your meeting organizing more successful.'
b'6 stress -relieving tricks to reduce anxiety at work'
b'6th hour is so boring sleeping face'
b'70% of people find it easier to sleep when their cell phone is right beside them.'
b'75 always packed & that shit irritating'
b'75 weeks ago i made one of the greatest decisions of my life. rip long hair'
b"i love the freebies and my kids like 'em too. they're fun for the whole family! white smiling face"
b'i think most people say, " i\'ll move to canada " as a joke to release some frustration.'
b'7 secrets to learn faster than your competition from'
b'7) we started dating, in as much much as she claimed she loved me, i did not feel right abt her and a particular guy.'
b'80 grand an ah 40 cal on me wow!'
b'83-29 and shitty team still lost like tf'
b'd return of football life is a day & nightmare to all chelsea fans. let d blessings of popular side touch their lifes.'
b'8am class, but i am still awake.. this is not so good!'
b'8 months pregnant and standing on the did these commuters even notice her? are our lives too busy to care?'
b'8th grade orientation tonight'
b'8-year-old opens baking business to buy his single mom a house'
b'it needs to be restricted to starting at midnight'
b'gonna cry if i do not get to see at the kickoff'
b'9. 5 out of 10 youth in the u. s. use the internet. how are they learning through digital media?'
b'97-year-old cries tears of joy after she finally gets her high school diploma'
b'98.899999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999909 % sure i just failed my physics test'
b'98 % people have an iphone but still did not know about the awesome productivity app in my last tweet. go check it out, you will love it.'
b'he just like when you talk to him he makes you feel really intimidated bc he stares into ur soul'
b'99 problems but a bitch better not be none yea yeaaaaa'
b'99 % sure the wind is going to blow my house over today cloud with tornado'
b'9 awesome things you could be doing in life'
b'9 filmmakers who apologised for their movies'
b'100% rip off 2 useless piece of tech for 160$ fuck you apple i can buy a proper headphone for that price'
b'i like your posts, but not through facebook and google. not safe for my privacy.'
b'try it your head phones. they will look like the new air pods plus you will save a hell load of money.'
b'9 needs to come faster'
b'really? enough is enough already! great they are serving, but they are serving for australia'
b'9 pm, havent started the reading for the assignment due tomorrow, still studying for jpn midterm im gonna go eat lol'
b'9 year olds today have facebook, twitter, iphones, & ipods. when i was 8, i had a coloring book, crayons and an imagination.'
b'a1337535, a pug in ca, needs a home now! see him on :'
b'a1. fun times with crazy friends, summer in sa has great weather for playing in nature.'
b'a 2. 0 student can know more than a 4. 0 student. grades do not determine intelligence, they test obedience.'
b'a 24-year old chipotle cook is trying to shake things up at a billion hedge fund'
b'marriage cert. takes more than 1 day waiting outside sdms office after online submission'
b'khan a man speaks up and they get offended. this really is an intolerant india!'
b'you kicked it hoping everyone would carry you like if you just hit a homerun and shit lol'
b'smile hello, can you buy great books, please retweet this message to really buy great books:'
b'on : comedy teacher answers all your dumb questions'
b"to bad he did not finish his math homework five days earlier... we'd be undefeated!"
b'seems like a waste of a great track. too good for sprint racing'
b'have a nice time cant wait too hear it'
b'thank you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f and aww it was great seeing your pretty face! we should get together soon!'
b'omg i need to watch it. never think that sweet hyunseong would say something like that.'
b'a banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. -- mark twain'
b'a banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining and who asks for it back when it start to rain. :-d'
b'a bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. robert frost'
b'i see how it is-maybe i will quit being generous with the extra credit. insert devil face (on computer )'
b"hey! hello! you're nerdy as fuck. its a quality i appreciate in other humans."
b'even the great barbara does not know how to handle the real deal or honesty! she could not find a crack!'
b'also, you can ask 10 generals and likely get 10 different answers... potus is ultimately responsible for deciding course of action'
b'a man that is showing his wedding vows do matter. what a great role model of how a man should treat his women weather married or not.'
b"america hillary made history on 911 getting million for victims of 911 and going to the pile where was race's trump with melania."
b"and did absolutely nothing, i am for trump, but these politicians shouldn't get paid a fraction of what they get"
b"another he said she said argument then mind your own biz people, there's a lot of crazy people out there"
b'as long as trump did not do anything illegal with respect to his taxes,why should they matter at all? no one pays more than have to.'
b'bravo to the talented 8-year-old for giving this boring game some redeeming social value.'
b'look at the edges and the two different angles of light. a smudge brush was used and very poorly used at that.'
b'clinton and campaign lie to public and american people deserve truth! complicite in cover up'
b'comey should just drop his pants and bend over because he is mocking the fbi into a laughing stock'
b'customers fault for trusting banks and computers never trust anybody especially not technology white smiling face'
b'hey, if your gonna all cheat you might as well all cheat.'
b"it did not help his cause to destroy our country that's why"
b'i think everyone should calm the f**k down & wait until he actually does something before we get mad. protesting results does nothing!'
b'pathetic people destroy their cause a little more each day!'
b'i am so happy to see the humble side of come out in louisiana. he truly did a great thing.'
b'piles on more white people with a thuggish past.'
b'wait till november and you will know what i mean.'
b'we do nothing - absolutely nothing, until a new govt is elected. we file. clean up our systems. clean office. and sit and wait.'
b'reports frustration on terror watchlist able to buy guns same ones reporting support to release'
b"tim kaine had 30 people at his event. the media is lying to us. nobody wants hillary, they're rigging polls & fixing"
b'the idiot holding the gun clearly had a game plan, to either rob someone or kill them! you just bought yourself 5+ yrs!'
b'trump is the classic abusive husband. after being a monster, " i love you. i care about you. " twisted and stupid. no one will buy it.'
b'use the bathroom you were meant to use. dont make everyone else suffer. because you dont want your feelings hurt'
b'well shit based off that look we do not know if you can show up without being hopped up on something'
b'when is wife to be questioned about her 20 years of work in the kgb?'
b'while he yelled allah n asked if they were muslim b4 stabbing them'
b'why oh lord o y o y cancer song i wrote for late wife'
b'a beautiful picture of to end a beautiful night.'
b'abeg singing is nt meant for everybody aomepple shuld go n sit down'
b'abeg where una dey take charge una phone... no light anywhere nd no fuel... pls carry me along oh'
b'abel is the best and always be the best!'
b'abella danger, big butt teen ass fucked to pay bf debt'
b"a big congrats to last night's winners! quite an impressive (and intriguing ) roster!"
b'& a big thank you to whoever sent that one in about me being a bitch face with tears of joy really made my day'
b'a bitch already be stressed out bout everything do not need nothing too add on'
b'i did not mean you, you did an awesome job. thank you x'
b'how many matches have you lost to shitty clubs this season?'
b'a book that will allow you to get your personal finaces under control.'
b"a book without women is often said to be about humanity but a book with women in the foreground is a woman's book."
b'about 12 days left in (pending boat delays ). not a great time to get sick.'
b'about 20 % of the videos on youtube is music related.'
b'about 99. 9 % sure i just heard a gunshot less than 100 yards away as i was getting out of my car'
b'about half of millennials with tattoos have more than one, and 18 % have six or more, according to the pew research center.'
b'about last night weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'about my mom always yelling at him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'about the lbj " the first trip by gets overshadowed by the first trip. "'
b'about to get bdubs and take some sleeping pills bc nothing better to do on this extremely shitty day smile'
b'about to start singing boyz ii men around the room in my socks.'
b'a boyfriend should never let his girlfriend go to sleep angry, mad, or sad!'
b'absolute arseholes who do not understand that people wear what the fuck they want to? check x'
b'absolutely. but that comes with experience and training. which i would be willing to bet is what they were grooming'
b'absolutely gutted i missed baby shower! but so glad you had a good time, you looked so beautiful and i can not wait to meet him weary face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f baby'
b'absolutely he deserves financial compensation for them infringing on his basic human rights.'
b'absolutely killlllled my lab practical tonight'
b'absolutely love coming home to my gorgeous boyfriend after work.. flat is spotless, comfies all laid out for me & lots of cuddles - perfect smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'absolutely love seeing those tweets when i wake up.'
b'absolutely when i get home smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lovely! do not forget to upload your pic to our gallery if you want to enter our competition'
b"a business woman... now that's attractive"
b'aca -awesome! congrats to the talented ladies of on winning top soundtrack! microphone'
b'a cat sees no good reason why it should obey another animal, even if it does stand on two legs. " - sarah thompson'
b'accepting refugees and immigrants to the us because of past immigration is obviated by no good reason for it now.'
b'accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together'
b'according to a study, the most popular selfies feature a woman with long hair with her forehead cut off, with a filter and border added.'
b'according to my teacher, the prince of persia on the cover of warrior within is infringing on hugh jackman.'
b'accounting quiz on wed. die! and i havent started on my assignment. lol'
b'great season, buddy! keep the competitive juices with me in the shotput circle and on the track!'
b'- explosion in kabul kills two - media : several people got injured'
b'last week we spent too much time on muslim violence but now too much time on'
b'pls post it, i need something good on this shitty day.'
b'ive been laying in the dark for 6 hours.'
b'a challenge to data scientists'
b'a chilled night is on the cards i think.'
b'a clean house, a fridge full of food, and a loaded bowl. today has been a success.'
b'good i am now very happy! also tbh i would probably ride in the trolley around the market xd'
b'a conflict in your immediate surroundings could demand your un... more for aquarius'
b'... a cool, stylish way of showing how saddy-saddy -sadcakes you are about all those corpses in the streets of paris'
b'a couple can not be goals if they have been dating for a week. i do not understand.'
b'a cover of a romantic song ever, because of you - keith martin by boyz ii boys'
b"a crazy story of gay rights, women's rights and the outsourcing of babies -"
b'i have spent a great time reading your message thanks and a good night! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9a\x93\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'actions speak louder than words, so believe what you see and forget what you heard.'
b'active senior client is thankful for physical therapy using the pilates equipment at dpilates... for there is'
b'act like you lovee mee.. lay heree and stay to make amazingg showww for us i am so freaking to love you heavy black heart'
b'actually going to wear sweat pants to school for the first time this year... face with tears of joy'
b'actually goin to school tomorrow (x'
b'actually it looks like it finally cost him his career.'
b'would you be down to do a small interview for a star wars documentary i am working on?'
b'actually really excited for this football game tonight american football'
b"actually really looking forward to the 3 on 3 all star tournament. think it's a great idea and will draw casual and even non hockey fans in"
b'actually shocked how cold and windy it is in manchester today!'
b'its fine... ima be running my butt off tm at practice! and then coming home to my sister! smile'
b'thanks bud stay safe in france face throwing a kiss'
b"adam love's posts on ig made a great start on my day hihi love you babe"
b"i do that all the time. no shame... except it's usually not water but like... coffee"
b'what so are 3rd choice striker is waghorn'
b'adam topol has one of the most distinct, raw, and lovely drum sounds. listening to him play makes me want to be better'
b'a day of class and a night at work'
b'nine -team. do not forget that new ivy league football team from the " coach " reboot.'
b'adding to every darn item we use to (?) our + is not for of and'
b'add question marks to everything because life is an uncertain nightmare'
b'add value to your eternal home - get home improvement loans xughs'
b"and he'll place a rose by your bedside every morning"
b'just fucking with ya greg. see your boy named captain of the spuds. great choice'
b'but i have to do my home work loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'adele currently has 7 of the top 10 songs on itunes. quite an impressive debut for an impressive album'
b'adele doing an uptempo song closing the deluxe edition of the album in a happy mood, i can not tell yet if this is better than 21 tho'
b'i love you and your hair and makeup are an absolute sensation but that dress essentially looks like the von trapp family curtains! face with medical mask'
b'i love you so much angel please get some rest. i love you i love you.'
b'i am coming one last and final time. i love you, go slay los angels tonight'
b'adele is one of the few humans who get hyped up and talked about and raved over that really truly deserve every second of it.'
b'just purchased i am so excited to listen to this album, helped me so much so this should be great.'
b'adele oh my god shes so pretty'
b"adele singing her new song 'when we were young '. she's amazing."
b"adele's new album is finally here. here is our track-by -track review. (spoiler : it's great )"
b"adele's new song is playing on loop in my head. welcome to my emotional breakdown. hello"
b'adele\'s " send my love (to your new lover ) " has this taylor swift + sara bareilles + lorde vibe hehe it\'s my fave track aside from " hello ".'
b'your tickets are impossible to get. can this fan and her 3 sisters get them for the atlanta show please, please smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"a delivery company has apologised for leaving a parcel on a customer's roof"
b'lol it feels like it sometimes. good thing they used facts to back it up. you know, all those times it happened.'
b'adidas, girl scouts hat, & club monaco ha basic shit and your mind blown'
b'adidas jeremy scott tubular size 8 brand new & authentic!'
b'on the bright side we can hang out in the summer smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'adios to the bitches can not get a hug from me'
b'" okay! do you want me to bring back a head like that one time ~? "'
b"good, glad we're on the same page"
b"okay. i'll ask her when i go in today."
b'no weary face i gotta n some homework to finish before i go'
b'i remember when i was like you. all young and full of life, excited for uni and shit'
b"a dramatic resuscitation : a 1907 hospital turned home - home & delicious : imagine an old fisherman's hospital"
b'a dream you dream alone is only a dream. a dream you dream together is reality. " - john lennon ; musician, songwriter, peace activist'
b'happy birthday killa \xf0\x9f\x98\x88hope you have an amazin day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8fturn up'
b"good that's good, i am great, i have no school tomorrow and going to the city, it should be fun!"
b"ad tech firm undertone's ceo has left 8 months after the company was acquired"
b'adult tweet : that immediate relief when you pay your credit card and your balance goes down to less than 10 % of your credit limit'
b'advice to help you stay cool & confident under stress'
b'thank you you have a blessed weekend'
b'i tried traditional dumplings with the yakitori.. ahaha biggest disappointment of the trip! so gross t. t what was your favorite?'
b'aeroastro students organizing global space balloon challenge -'
b'i do not give a fuck, i do not give a fuck'
b"a ex should stay an ex. they're an example of false love and an explanation of why you deserve better."
b'a faithful man will always have peace of mind. keeping more than one is just too stressful.'
b'afaq shah i love you sonakshi senha you are the beautiful girl in the world please reply my tweet i love you always'
b"a feast of free flowing football from brabins super white army it's saturday optimism is high or am i dreaming. swa."
b'africans work ethic is on another level. we aim high and do not stop until we get there plus more.'
b'a fridge full of food and nothing to eat. kill me.'
b'a friend who might like a jumper from'
b'after 45 minutes of deliberation it has been decided : idaho is the worst state.'
b'after 5000 years i see combo this shit'
b"after about six months i went native and wore them without shame. that'd never happen here. this guy has balls"
b'after a chilly night of it is nice to be back to normal.'
b'after a day of aggressive cleaning the house and a brief visit with friends, i have sacrificed my writing time to'
b"after a dramatic entrance 7 weeks early! and 3 weeks in hospital, today we take hartley jenkins home! let's do this thing family"
b'after a hugely successful year and meeting so many wonderful people, we have 5 more weddings for the year with 4'
b"after a review, coker's pass to mullaney is confirmed a catch and an alabama touchdown"
b'after a shitty day at work, i cant wait to let go and be happy tonight. on a broken toe im raving with tonight smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b"after four years and a lot of money spent i've finally won a football bet!"
b"after i finish these last 9 questions of my stats homework... we'll see how many hours it took me for 6 assignments smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'after i take my shower ima be so slumped!'
b'after skiing the mountain go across the valley and hike to see it (ok actual trail hidden )'
b"after stalking instagram (not creepy at all ), i've finally figured out how to draw the perfect liquid line smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"after that slap to pretty boy's face, i think i love cookie even more?! is that wrong?"
b'after the second week she be stuffin the turkey with mashed potatoes and shit'
b'after two months off the mare and i only had 1 come to jesus meeting id call that a pretty successful ride'
b"afterwards i had some nice chats with cool people, really made my day. it's nice to slowly become a part of my server's community."
b'after watching the video of soulja boy pretty boy swag repeatedly playing for 10 hours i am now ready to start my day'
b"i am not literally going to meet her i am going to the women's soccer game at san antonio lol"
b'age 4: " i love mommy. " age 16: " i hate her. " age 20: " mom was right " age 57: " i wish my mom was still here. " retweet if you love your mom.'
b"he is really intimidated by flo's confidence and intelligence."
b'but i was really intimidated by you on tumblr because you were famous'
b'a girl and her bed on sundays are an endless love affair'
b'a girl was arrested for trying to fight against apparently fighting for the makes you a terrorist. yet pkk fight terrorism.'
b'a girl who asks people to vote for her so does not deserve it'
b'a girl who is an athlete/dancer/both'
b'a glasshouse is a pitter-patter : bicolour and unorganised'
b'a good example of bad parenting lol freaking why is my nephew watching spongebob loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'a good feeling is finally kissing the person you love after a long time of missing and longing for them'
b'a good friend of mine has piles please everyone'
b'a good smoke session is not only determined by what you smoke, it also comes down to where you smoke. "'
b'a great benefit of serving brunch is being able to pack away food for dinner'
b'a great start for a day of football'
b'a great start to the day'
b'a great time to check out these awesome deals!'
b'a great victory in and a good feeling on my return to the pitch. "'
b'agreed! and i would add on by writer that show really got the fan base excited.'
b'agreed, but you can promote tolerance and diversity, while not censoring opposing views and infringing on freedom of speech'
b'agreed. too much hype for a rook who has not played one snap in the regular season yet. rt for a rookie qb.'
b"ahaha he's his cousin, awks."
b'ahaha & i with our beer.. then & desi with their wine hehehe love my gals'
b'ahah good for kids books xd is it bad that i get excited for this and not that..? ahah naawwh'
b'aha i failed that test so hard wow'
b'aha smile niggas had too sit they ass in the frount smile'
b'you seem like a good friend to have'
b'ahhhhhhhhhh fuck that movie was so good i swear i crei evrytiem omggggggg sweet sweet sweeeeeeeet t -t help me someoneeeeeee'
b'ahhhh good good good this makes me so happy. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'ahh what a great start to a day'
b'ahh you blinked i still love you tho. do not be dumb glenn get the hell home!'
b'ah, i still remember the time when i downloaded " potential breakup song " from limewire onto my mp3 player'
b'ah i wonder wtf is wrong with my butt today. itchy.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b"cuz ad is overhyped. better potential/ceiling but griffin is better rn. i'd love to heard ur argument on how davis is better"
b'thank you so much! it was quite an impressive group i was with -- i had a ton of fun!'
b'a hot shower & a massage is so much needed rn.'
b'a house full of children prohibit me from doing such'
b'ah reformatting all our old interviews to fit the new site. fingers crossed... launching next week. we promise!'
b'lol you was shit at aw and ghost what makes this game any different?'
b'one day, will be alive and flourishing in this new world. but what if is already real?'
b'mt " you do not need physical therapy because you\'re adopted! everyone knows that "'
b'a huge thanks to for the prayer today and for brings us together as a bruin family. russ is so lucky to have a friend like you'
b"ah, well. i am not changing. he'll still be back, because twitter is boring without me."
b'ah smiling face with heart shaped eyes why are you so gorgeous!? smiling face with heart shaped eyes have a great day amanda grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'ah yes my favorite part of this time of year : me getting sick for no good reason'
b"ah yes that was a fantastic feeling let's dig that knife in a little deeper, twist it around a bit until i am completely bleeding out please"
b"nice 1 aiden mate av packed up and left rowan drive in ur hands mate ha i'll be back tho"
b'wow! it is great! she is naked in sea! it looks like real. almost all japanese men feel horny if they look it!'
b'yeah same here'
b"good nina! now i am even more excited haha, can not wait to finally meet the queen of toby's face with tears of joy awgumonnnn"
b': oh piss of you piece is shit " she\'s lovely to me isn\'t she?'
b"ain't get the 7's unamused face but i got these tuff ass trues so i am satisfied"
b"ain't got no manners for no sluts"
b'aint got nothing else to do but sit up and worry about another female that could careless about you.'
b'aint never had this much built up stress shit drive me nuts'
b"ain't no more room in that skirt except fo ' dat ass"
b"ain't ur five minute cigarette break"
b"ain't worried bout man u, just glad shitty lost aswell"
b"i think sir u've made film of d decade. film contains all d mixtures of emotions which make dis film more special"
b'i really enjoyed it im in here still screaming everytime you sing im blessed you guys did a awesome job... everyday.. jesus sun with face'
b'although something a little closer to lincoln square would be slightly better for me, b/c i have'
b"a jewish teacher stabbed & a muslim woman was attacked but islam funded media says - hate crime against muslim'spiral!"
b"aka my pops birthday, he's getting up there. i love my old man face with stuck out tongue face throwing a kiss"
b'*akon blasting from neighbors \' porch* " yeah dude i just really love this because it\'s the only rap i know! "'
b'a lady at starbucks just said she does not wanna be late for her massage...'
b'alam mo bang i am so happy i found you yiiii hahahaha very trustworthy good thank you hehe gagraduate ka na soon and will miss \xc3\xbc ++'
b'i want to suck the hairs off your toes'
b'thankyou for an amazing night at the dome! never laughed so much! such a privilege to see you live! smile'
b'glad i had to pick the wife up from hospital & bring these two home instead of goin to match'
b'alarm raised over use of movies to radicalise youth'
b'agree, always saying bullshits sigh'
b'how much should notre dame drop... barely getting by 3 and 7 boston college? voters always favor nd for no good reason'
b'all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow'
b'guys we are not competing we show them we are one nation family always love each other'
b'lunch time na im hungry'
b'a -league : western sydney wanderers v wellington phoenix \xe2\x80\x93 as it happened'
b"i really hope you're having and amazing day, almost as amazing as you! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'at least your tried'
b'tbh i am really glad i have twitter because i am getting better at complaining and being bitter about the fandom'
b"but good crazy. happy that the album is out and soon i'll get to see ur faces on tour good ok bye"
b"i want you to be successful but i am jealous about other ppl meeting you, how's that possible? loudly crying face face with tears of joy smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b"alexander averin 'at the beach on a summer day '"
b'people do not understand me lol. they think i am rude/cutthroat and really sarcastic... i try to explain i am just british.'
b'ha i love it most of the time. this semester has been brutal tho because all of the classes are not related to my research'
b': arsenal = selling club. we officially cant hide from that. " rt the reason to remain positive.'
b'must have forgotten my hashtag'
b'i love you bitch. face throwing a kiss glad we finally did dinner, many more to come'
b'lmao msa was great though'
b'i missed otis. i love his face already'
b'wait what am i gonna do in class now'
b"they're too wet there's nothing good about today"
b'i had a physics test today... i think i failed'
b'i miss you sm, i want christmas break to come faster!'
b'alfie, i am so glad people like you exist relieved face i love you so much'
b'i do not have time for high school bull shit.'
b'all cold fruits are yummy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'answer the question : why a muslim prayer room at the footie? muslim exceptionalism?'
b'algebra prof : you will not be able to fit all the formulas on a 3x5 card. me : bitch, you do not know who i am do you?'
b'dear brother ali, would you please reply to my messages. thank you a lot'
b'lol... i am not so bad. i am just determined to enjoy it.'
b'i dont really think he had that much of a winning streak. he only won against nikumi, alice and mimisaka. + almost 500 losses'
b'will see how fat you are smile'
b'and i lost our snap streak and i am heartbroken loudly crying face'
b'i love you celeste thank you grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'a life changing teaching in 2 corinthians 4 from calvary chapel birmingham'
b'good afternoon my dear friend \xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'yeah and so is ed sheeran'
b'happy birthday home skillet! i am glad to be on the swim team with you and i hope your knee gets better'
b"to add insult to injury i made my profile the family dog of the ex whose parents ' account i use"
b'hello alison, i just wanted to say that i love you work. your acting is one of the best. love your eyes as well. keep it up!'
b'a little birdie told me today that you are swimming to pei this summer good for you'
b'a little from my reading this morning. what do you really love?'
b'a little golden book - prayers for children - - e edition 1952'
b'a little kiss on the cheek so you know its real'
b'a little nervous, anxious & super excited! i can feel the adrenaline pumping as i approach the sets of'
b"i like how alls i did was fav some tweets and apparently that's not cool in butt fuck nebraska lol"
b"while your case is then being investigated we'd recommend reading our account safety article : (3/3)"
b"all about that smiling face with smiling eyes have an amazin ' day fam"
b'allah would never put you in situation you could not handle.'
b'this story made my day, and i really needed a laugh today! hugs to you, sweetheart!'
b"all couples have ups & downs, how you handle it is what defines true love. arguments are a test to see if they're strong enough to overcome it"
b"yeah every now and then you get that asshole who thinks that's attractive lol"
b'ha i gotta add that in'
b'all eyes are on the opec meeting in algiers via this is there only way to create pump and dump all bs'
b'all girls deserve to meet her favorite actor \xc3\x97joaquinreyesx xgimme5x'
b"all i can say is i am glad i had my mom & step dad to raise me bc i do not want to know how i'd be otherwise"
b'all i do is kill pain, all i do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame i be rolling all day'
b'all i do is work... i hate the holidays. stupid consumer based bull crap. stay home and pretend to love each other you jerks!'
b'not until you feel the sting of disappointment when your roommate expresses apathy towards your favorite things'
b'all i need in this life of sin is my bestfriend i love you'
b'really think this show could be big. excited for you both and wishing you every success. i will certainly be listening.'
b'all i said was " we should get drunk sometime " to my roommate'
b'all i see is justin bieber and one direction on my timeline'
b'he has muscles and most of the girls who listened to his early music are thirsty hoes now and bandwagon'
b'all i wanna be is wrapped in your arms, laying in the dark, looking at stars " \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9f\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8c'
b'all i wanna do is be in the ring to release this frustration i have rn'
b'all i wanted to do was sleep in until 3pm is that too much to ask?'
b'all i want for christmas is you lol jk i want an iphone 5s'
b'all i want for christmas is youuu! lol jk i want a ps4.'
b'all i want for mah birthday is... 2 chainz feat. kanye west - birthday song ::'
b'all i want for xmas'
b'all i want in life is to go to concerts and have good eyebrows'
b'all i want is some food, do my home work n watch a movie n cut my phone off! thats all i want!'
b'all i want is someone to braid my hair everyday'
b'all i want is to smoke and work and sleep'
b'all i want right now is happiness man... i am doing my best to be genuinely happy every day.'
b'all i want to be doing right meow'
b': is there anything go jun hee does not look good in? long hair.'
b'all moved in! let the drinking begin!'
b'all my bullies do not hate or judge'
b'all my classes today got cancelled good \xf0\x9f\x98\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'all my favorite conversation always made in the am'
b'all my friends are wasted and i hate this club and i drink too much'
b'all my snaps got deleted loudly crying face stupid android'
b'all my wishes go out to my love and her family'
b'all niggas do is hurt they bitch sooooooo bitch be single lbs'
b'alloa athletic have confirmed that former youngster michael hardie has rejoined the club on a deal until the end of the season'
b'all of high school i never wore sweat pants to school but today was the day i literally could not even'
b"all of liverpool's goals have been beautiful, city fans looking cold from the weather and shocked from the game."
b'all of my doubt suddenly goes away...'
b"all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow... darling do not be afraid i've loved you for a thousand years and a thousand more"
b'all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow oneeee steeeep closeeeer'
b'all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow one step closer'
b'all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.'
b'all of my favorite teams have been a disappointment lately'
b'all of my friends are like, " i love him. he gave me his hoodie, and we kissed in the rain. " and i am just sitting here like ; " i love food. "'
b"all of my home screen widgets on android are stuck at yesterday mid-afternoon. guess it's reboot time. stupid android"
b"all of the best (and worst ) cars on the floor at this year's la auto show"
b'all of the people who tell me i do not need to be stressed, stress me out the most open book'
b'all of these amazing fruits in our yummy capsules \xf0\x9f\x8d\x87\xf0\x9f\x8d\x93 pm me for more info \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x8c'
b'all of the terrible shit in the world has me feeling wired and melancholy. restless.'
b"all of this worry about the hs today, and i am still only worried about you and if you're okay. only you."
b'all outfits are ten times sexier with a backpack full of textbooks.'
b'all over the world, black people love dancing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'allowing new people into your life is great, seeing them go is devastating, letting them back in is something you need to really think about'
b'all packed for kansas now to finish homework before tomorrow astonished face'
b'all scripture is given by inspiration of god, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness :'
b'all sorts of happy tears today as timmy was reunited with his mom after 3 years of being missing! good for microchips!'
b'all that bullshits for the birds'
b'all the block parties in there are shit, everyone in there is shit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"all the cash that we blow on this weed smoke they say bro it's a shame"
b'all the darkness in the world could not put out the light of a single candle so how the hell could they handle your light?'
b'all the drive in the world swear you still need gas'
b'all the gods that our ancient ancestors worshipped were extraterrestrial beings'
b"all the i spoke to love the nhs and want to save it. that's why they're fighting."
b'all the people on twitter this morning are like really sarcastic, lmao.'
b"all the people that hated on back w/ this pic, glad you're bouncing your head to his new songs now."
b'i cant even pay attention to mash now have the music from this game in my head lol'
b'all the reviews claim all those apps are bullshit though'
b'all these cunts moaning about bear winning will be the same arsehole that voted to 2nd place.'
b'all these great positive things been happening for me and i havent enjoyed cuz i swore i needed you to be happy face with tears of joy'
b'all these hipster girls drinking bud light lol'
b'all these hoes at bdubs because they watch ronda rousey highlights. she needs to lose so this bandwagon can stop and i can get a seat.'
b'all these hoes just now on the bieber bandwagon...'
b'all these love tweets makes me want to puke.'
b'all these monsters in love they keep dancing till morning comes let it tell me how i should move halloween night! midnight [rec ]'
b'all these people can not wait for highschool to be over but tbh life just gets more stressful and hard after you graduate expressionless face'
b'all these people that are shocked its cold... do you really need me to explain the word winter? unamused face'
b'all these people that got in and i am still fucking not, even during a weekend. i am so fucking salty right now, suck my dick blizzard'
b'all these white pple though... how can someone be addicted to feeling buttons..'
b"all this cash we blow on weed smoke bro it's a shame"
b"all this learning is making us hungry! its lunch time here and we're heading out to grab a bite from one of the"
b'all those late nights studying after work and obsessing over everything... it kills me but i love it lol'
b"thank you so much for an incredible night i'll never forget \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i love you guys so much"
b'all twitter does is make my grades worse though like,,,, i start my homework at like 6 pm and finish 1 am jfc'
b'all we wanted was a opportunity. just blaze, lord knows!'
b"all y'all some bandwagon hoes if you asked me. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'your mobile app is seriously the best thing in the world and i love you. making my car payment is fun now. not really. but close.'
b'almost as hot as my gorgeous boyfriend'
b'lol i love to go back but i like not doing homework smile'
b'almost ran into a principal because i was tweeting.. thanks guys (yes i am blaming you all )'
b'almost time for work...'
b'almost want to finish my homework ~'
b'i know! and the frustration that they\'re not willing to change a thing. " they could consider selling the flat to release \xc2\xa3350,000 "'
b"alone in the dark. that's not creepy is it?"
b'a long lasting love affair : a girl and her bed'
b"a look at the paris climate talks & why the film the day after tomorrow isn't pure fiction."
b"a loss has been well overdue. we've been riding our luck from the start of the season. poor performance! well played dortmund. happy pouting face"
b'a lot of great things happening today. fucking migraine, why are you ruining them?!? crying face shower then rest. dammit! irritated'
b'a lot of people are going to get rich(er) at this tiny wall street firm'
b'a lot of shit happens to me. i just do not talk about it.'
b'a lot of things pissing off today face with tears of joy'
b'alot of women expect you to take them serious but meanwhile they got 5 niggas as bestfriends. gtfoh.'
b'alot of you is rolling with a crew you think they yo boyz but they careless about you and will stab you in the back sooner or later'
b'a lotta people have million dollar dreams with a hundred dollar work ethic. let your drive match the level of your passion'
b"a lot to love in new york winking face thanks so much for sharing! hope your weekend's going great and hope you get to return soon!"
b'a love going to the dentist, extra half hour sleep is sooo good'
b'a love-letter compilation of love letters " - has written the best review of quiet, constant friends!'
b'a lovely lady just came up to my mum in costa and told her she was very attractive, really pretty + looked far too young to be a grandma \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'also sending prayers for people who give themselves free wins on free ladder as well as wagers'
b'already a great start to this day/week'
b"already apologised to the girls because of the state i'll look tomorrow! trackies, hoody, messy hair and trainers! go me!"
b'already can not wait to come home from class tomorrow and take a nice well needed nap'
b'already downloaded hd and 320kbps mp3 of awesome lovely romantic song'
b'already exhausted from kya2 and it has not even begun...'
b'already fantasizing the nap im going to take in study hall and when i get home'
b'already feel really sick today and the smell of raw sewage at this time is not helping face with medical mask'
b'already fucking stressed i do not need your shit'
b'already have 8 tattoos planned out face with stuck out tongue'
b'already have to do a brief on two cases for homework. sweet!'
b'already looking forward to the curry my dad is making for my tea tonight after i requested it last week'
b"already looking forward to the nap i'll be taking when i get home sleeping face"
b'alright gonna go drown my sadness in kids movies per usual goodnight'
b'alright i am assuming that is probably available in canada now too. someone get me a towel?'
b'alright what a beautiful day we had! but i work really early tomorrow so goodnight'
b'also an opportunity to release frustration and/or sorrow you may feel.'
b'also, be prepared when i get home, i have a funny little story to tell you'
b'also, duke not off to a great start either. today could be a bad day.'
b'also i have acting class on fridays which i passionately hate so'
b'also love the fact that one of my coworkers is a bartender. he told me i can come in the bar he works at and i can get wasted for free'
b'also massive massive massive banter off grayson taking our best player/leading goalscorer off for will keane and playing him left wing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"also one of those nights where you're so bored you clean your room sad"
b"also stressed that i couldn't get my book, hope we do not need it"
b'also the whole idea that you can be a woman/non male person who is bi or ~polysexual ~ and not attracted to men is... lesbophobic logic'
b'alternating between belly and the game show network lol'
b"although it hurts, i'll be the first to say that i was wrong oh, i know i am probably much too late to try and apologize for my mistakes \xe2\x99\xaa"
b"although many of the new video games look incredibly cool, i'd rather spend my money wisely and read books"
b'i love you but done pissed me off today.'
b"and i couldn't help but wonder what your thoughts on this was."
b"sometimes we keep our best ideas for us, and it's beautiful when someone think the same as you. guess it's part of being alive."
b'keep serving the lord, standing for the truth in his power. you are a great example. i wish the wh would listen to you.'
b'i am happy australia has given something good to you 3'
b'always doing stupid things and regretting them! really stressed out! totally do not need this right now!'
b'always find a reason to laugh. it may not add years to your life but will surely add life to your years.'
b'always follow wonderful people you want to learn from more than almost anything else in your career.'
b"always gives great advice & then fucks it up. he sucks but he's a professional and probably got a degree in it."
b'always good seeing an old friend! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'always happen when a girl tought that she never be a good enough for her boy weary face'
b'always hot down here and we got schools by the beach. good place to transfer to'
b'the end or secret love song xxjadexx'
b'always lovely when the sisters home for a visit'
b'always love the fact tootoo wears no. 22. reminds me of how bob beers wore 24.'
b'always missing you ma love loudly crying face'
b'always nice to be back in brighton'
b'always packed at a event.'
b'always'
b'always speak the truth \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x98\x80\xe2\x99\xa5'
b'always special being named in an england squad. south africa a tour of real excitement should be great fun!'
b'always stuck babysitting.. wtf'
b'always waking up to a goodmorning text from i feel so love from you! hehehe mwa'
b"always wonder if adele's success overwhelms her. she continues making great music without fail, like nothing is happening."
b"we understand your frustration and we want to release android soon. obviously we do not value ios users more than android, it's (1/2)"
b'then i looked at the comments and saw someone bring her butt up then i looked'
b'thanks for responding to my tweet!'
b'love that chapel shirt'
b'have a great time girl you deserve it'
b"yes? that's where islam is implied. it's a good example of islam. should i take isis. you obviously live under secular law."
b'that would never happen dearie'
b'i was going to be really sarcastic but i am so excited'
b"a man diagnosed with legionnaires ' disease has been left fighting for his life in hospital this article reports."
b'a man has to fit in this world one way or another and my world is esports. time to prove to the world that i can hang.'
b'a man just walked past me, bent down and whispered " slapper " right into my face. wtf is wrong with people!?'
b'a man once told me he loved the way i curse. i almost flew to europe right then and there.'
b"a man who actually takes care of his kids that's attractive to me. yo kids should always come first."
b'a man wrote 100 love letters for strangers to honour his wife a year after she died.'
b"same cause i'll get to see your pretty face"
b'i would luv to see that one day *wishful thinking* lol great job tho'
b'amazes me when companies like have worse docs than open source projects. part of buying a paas should be great docs.'
b'amazing! check out these stunning photos of divers swimming with sperm'
b'amazing day to be a ray! great start to the season for the and only gets better from here! \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x8d\xad'
b'amazing how easy it is to make money selling e-books...'
b'also stay safe and warm'
b'please take a day off and sleep. we are so worried for your health. we love you & want you feeling well.'
b'stay safe'
b'stay safe and warm philly!'
b'stay safe btw! also make sure to bring extra cookies, just in case. \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'amazing reunion last night! im glad we addressed what was wrong and now we can move forward. love you all!'
b'amb/bfg/026/ng : nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world \xe2\x80\x93 report : the report says out o...'
b'& you did not think to invite myles no? i see how it is sad'
b'happy birthday baby'
b"i've just ordered more though as my hair is naturally so thick! ha although i am not sure the braid could get any bigger face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes"
b'since it\'s " pile on " brian day "... it should have been " you\'re ".'
b"lmao! eargasms? hahahah.. if it's reached that level then okay i am going there smile"
b'happy birthdayyyy mil have an amazin day xxxx see ya on the 4th face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'amen! nutella will forever be my weakness smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"america built classism... it's basically segregation by currency. lol shit yall so lost & blind face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'america could not handle michael his humour is too british'
b'american idol concert with mommy?'
b'american ruins (hardcover ): " american ruins " is the first photography book to document historic ruins throughout'
b'giving my best notice me team... thnk you for the awesome contest'
b'america, the beautiful " was inspired by the views from pikes peak. (at pikes peak )'
b'am i cool? does this look cool?'
b'you made fun of me last night soooo'
b'am i getting old, or are straws getting harder to open?'
b'am i going to pass my pre-cal test? fuck noooooo lmao'
b"amillion will say and do anything to get in my bed tonight it's she scared of the dark lol. it's okay tho i love my big baby"
b'a mind set is contagious thing. it\'s a must you keep people around you who are " built " like kevin garnett.'
b'a mini bottle of this in your purse does wonders on a day like today'
b'thats just who i ammm worry i help people in times like thesee'
b'i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started i might leave now worry'
b'am i the only fucking one who has homework on the first day?'
b"am i the only one who isn't looking forward to match day with all the shit that's going on in the world? football is so fucking irrelevant."
b"am i the only who's missing where we going today mark? huh? love you guys x"
b'am i too late to join the game?lol sad'
b'i stumbled on ur write-up on travel photography.. quite an impressive tips and very useful. thanks and keep up the great work'
b'awwww loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face meesha this made my day. ilysm! this really means a lot to me.'
b'i wish i was as cool as you'
b'we should! do you remember what colors they were?'
b'no gotta get clean first. just got in bed now.'
b'amped for the raptors/clippers game tomorrow night simply because i know that they can compete'
b'am practice & then another practice neutral face'
b'am soo not talking to you again! dnt call me!'
b'amusing ourselves to death : a thought-provoking comic on the nature of humanity as seen by &'
b'a must hear for anyone struggling with the noise of busyness to learn to discern what we should give our best yes'
b'a must read since obama has denied almost every syrian christians request for immigration to us.'
b'a must see project that will end this year wonderful for'
b'back in college i worked as a summer custodian. once had to clean a fridge left full and unplugged all summer.'
b'all the album had me tbh... i am currently crying on my bed listening to love in the dark hahahaha'
b'do yourself a favor and delete your account. sew your mouth shut for good measure.'
b'my wife thinks you smell like freshly peeled potatoes. is there any accuracy to that statement?'
b"lol! wii and no he's a cdm"
b'why would i vote for a corrupt felon that failed at everything she has tried to do? why keep lying to yourself?'
b'analysis the heat map from the 4 -0 win in the bernab\xc3\xa9u in'
b'anambra governor said to secretly own shares in n15 billion sabmiller brewery -'
b'an analysis of my sent mail suggests that i am at my best when dealing in 45 second units of work'
b"anastacia has found the 'love of her life ' - 61:"
b'anastacia has her sights set on harry styles 20'
b'anastacia interview : " i was the taylor swift of my time! " :79'
b'anastacia interview : &quot ;i was the taylor swift of my time! &quot ;'
b'anastacia returns to prime days with timeless new song " army of me " :'
b'reminds a dandelion. she is so shy, so natural and so naive!'
b'an athlete and an artist makes a dancer.'
b'and all got a shout out from when he accepted his award.'
b'and all the boston announcers say is " just looked like a love tap. every hockey player takes a slash like that every shift " ok douche canoes'
b'and all the kids cried out, " please stop, you\'re scaring me "'
b'and all the kids cry out " please stop you\'re scaring me " i can not help this awful energy goddamn right, you should be scared of me'
b'and another hint as to her history with wes... can not wait for february!'
b'and another life i would make you stay so i dont have to say you were the one that got away'
b'and can my surgeon appointment come faster ffs unamused face'
b"and still has no shame : i wonder what he'll do next week."
b'and do not forget our home-grown terrorists that shoot up schools full of children. those terrorists were born here.'
b'and do not write me no love letters either! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"and dream the same dreams at night, why shouldn't we be able to live together?"
b'and eggnog lattes from starbucks'
b'and full of life, and full of love.'
b"and half you hoes only like golden state cuz of steph if that nigga got traded today y'all would bandwagon with him smh"
b'and he ships me with his girlfriend im so angry'
b'and he starts rapping bout some dumb shit how im cute and whatever'
b'and how i got immature for telling her not to bother with you.'
b"and i do not care if you're sick, i do not care if you're contagious. i would kiss you even if you were dead."
b'and i do not have to waste time trying to half ass a friendship with people that came here from my high school which a lot of people do'
b'and if you think statesboro is " dead af " you obviously have no idea what you\'re talking about.'
b"and i guess right now he's another one"
b'and i hate this club, man i drink too much.'
b'and i just know that everyine is gonna be annoyed af and everyone is gonna judge and hate me'
b'and i just saw a dead deer with guts splattered all over the freeway... my stomach right now could not handle that'
b"and i know it's never simple, never easy"
b'and i love the way you hurt me, its irresistible'
b'and i am aware, and i do not care, and i am aware.'
b'and im getting hungry when my lunch time is coming to an end'
b'and i need it real bad!'
b'and in this case your tweet lead to a nice conversation about the topic, which i enjoyed.'
b'and i question why why did this have to happen why to them why to me why do people have to be and act this way why so much hate and anger'
b'and i should make clear that everyone was about 10 levels above me... quite an impressive feat i think'
b'and it breaks my heart to see that everything has fallen apart'
b'and i thought i was really sarcastic but.'
b"and it's 2. 30am in london. thanks for all the birthday wishes really made my day. take care, sweet dreams and keep on smilin '"
b"and its also an amazing day coz it's birthdaayy. holy shit dude you're getting old lol bt no matter how old you gt i still you"
b"and it's another great day for - cast & crew killed it!"
b"and it's blacked out on my espn3 channel because it says it's playing on the cw! what a joke!"
b'and its currently live lol when i opened the video, markjin welcomed me i love my life'
b'and its like i dont want to be you know... i wish i could trust people but the last 2 ppl i opened up to are shit and every cis guy hurt me'
b"and it's not even amusing or interesting"
b"and it's so easy to feel that anger and hate, but hatred is just misplaced love. and hate only breeds more hate. so fight it with love 3"
b'and look at the second best pics of 2015! stunning wow'
b'and make gable and jordan a gay interracial athletic couple. watch the money come in.'
b"and man city made us think they wasn't gonna spend mega money on new signings ha"
b'and meanwhile the government has the oppurtunity to push for nastier, more privacy infringing laws.'
b'and more great events in st. pete are happening this weekend! several of our members are participating too!*'
b'and my boss said : " find one day we go climb the tower crane. "'
b'and my legs are covered w hives yikes'
b"and my sister think it's hilarious. it's coo. i gotta take care of that before i go home."
b'and now is calling for the 3rd string qb. remember, he called for knight in the 1st quarter. the grass is always greener.'
b'and now i am lying here at 4:30 am humming some shit royalty free song we play at work and i want it to stop'
b'and now the time is more than 4pm.. so i should get ready... bubbye.'
b'and now tomorrow the real work starts... yaaaaaay'
b'and one last thing is tweet to me all of yall beautiful freshman and 10th girls at lehman and to all a goodnight'
b"and on the last day he walked out in the sun he'd only just discovered the sun and on the last day when all his work was done"
b'and on top of it all our power is out'
b'and or waking up and then falling back to sleep'
b"and our dvd is out today, you should watch it. it's pretty sweet"
b'what time did you guys stop playing?'
b'yeah but i just did not want to make the drive ha because gas and money lol'
b'happy birthday'
b'how can i have fun if i start school tomorrow'
b'i can not really describe it but if i had to it would be like you know you would take a bullet for them in the blink of a eye.'
b"i just wanna give you the love that you're missing baby just to wake up with you"
b'im watching the catfish episode that you are in!'
b'it looks very good on you ever color looks good on you'
b'it made me laugh idk why anyone would take it as shade tbh'
b"it's okay andrea her existence is a problem to other people"
b'lay of the alcohol angel hannah and miley are the same person'
b'reply to dms on your app for a video'
b'that was for a youtube video someone calling celebrities from a 666 number'
b'this is the best thing to ever happen ever'
b'what if that guy literally finds that picture omg i hope so'
b'yea i blocked my bully on musical. ly and they called me and abused me sad i called the police ans they are comin tomorrow'
b"nice groove to start the day here smile this is a very nice p'tite track what can i say concerning the piiiiic? great!"
b"luckily i am a virgin who's never loosing their virginity"
b'there will be times where i do not give a fuck and i shower barefoot in my fraternity. people say i am an animal for doing so face with tears of joy'
b"andrew! lol that's real great. did he take off points"
b'it\'s so dumb. i watch the " scenes from next weeks ep, brought to you by xbox one " and then immediately turn the tv off'
b'the music i used is royalty free and you guys are free to use it! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"so you're telling me he will not make his big league debut this year?"
b'andrew took the day off and we spent a grand total of 75 minutes together smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love my life'
b'and seeing that sometimes all these tools of destruction were baffled by the cunning subtlety or the subtle cunning (which you please ) of'
b"and send him soapy shower nudes so he'll leave work early and give you all his attention face with tears of joy"
b'and she doesnt even address the scally wags thats why i love her even more. keeps it classy and keeps it moving'
b'and shit look at the time i shouldve went to sleep half hour ago smh'
b'and since i forgot to turn off before james, theres spd chasing a man in a power scooter weaving thru traffic.'
b'and so begins thanksgiving week and endless retail hours all the way through black friday weekend.'
b'and so it begins : my lack of tv = a blissful ignorance about all but the biggest names in the movie theaters. and i am not entirely mad.'
b'and sometimes someone plugs a router in and leaves for the weekend not knowing they created a resource conflict w the main network drive.'
b'and sometimes we just want to be left alone and that does not mean that we do not love you any less. we just need time to recollect ourselves'
b"and started smiling, it seriously really made her day so much better i could tell and that's what made me really happy ; that i could do that smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'and testing 1... 2... 3... app still works under my new twitter account'
b'and thanks, for presenting me the award & for being awesome... now, please tell me... what on earth happened to glenn?'
b'and thats a wrap! can not wait for everyone to see this emotional video! loudly crying face face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"and that seals it for me 'cause this woman has been a huge disappointment - she has embraced celebrity status"
b"and that's exactly why i am laying in the dark right now."
b'and that will never happen. so we can forget all that.'
b'and that would be so authentic!'
b'and the attacks on innocent muslims begins in the post -paris attacks era. stay safe everyone.'
b'and the dream would go on and on while we sway against all things thrown our way.'
b'and their tv and films are in separate universe which is dumb to me'
b'and the last month of todd gurley is a good example of why you do.'
b'and then aquarius season is the most boring time in america so it gives me nothing to do but think about the year ahead'
b'and then i always end up lowkey hoping it starts storming just to even shit out a bit.'
b'and then just in case it was all too subtle, anakin murders a room full of children. damn but this whole arc could have been done better.'
b'and then the ones who dont seem as close, are actually true friends.'
b"and then there's snsd's echo ;~;"
b"and then they make you drive them to church the next morning like gas ain't free!"
b'and then they wonder why they kill your asses!'
b'and the other skin color gone drown ya kids in the bath tub and age in dog years'
b"and there are too-bright eyes just boring into him. lit and amused and there's a hint of something a tad too tender"
b'and the second rian got to the front of the stage after the show ended he looked right at me and laughed and'
b'and the week just keeps getting better'
b'and the winner is jehni! i am so excited to meet you this weekend in chicago. see you soon! smile'
b"and they barely had any scenes together? wow, must've been a great impression! smile"
b"and they're off! first chair of the season at silverstar. 53 runs :"
b'and this... see... law firms... our assets... all global deals are complex, worth to give our best. you and us'
b"and though they're a bit on the vague side the story was amusing, hard mode has its own interesting plot, remixed levels, and even a?"
b'and today just keeps getting better and better. bye bye money'
b"and went shopping for books. yay, you're my lucky charm! seriously, it feels like the stars are all aligned for this day."
b'and what if the be t kid actually created a bomb and detonates it in a school full of children?'
b'and what i was thinking while watching is that how can you look pretty all the time? \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89'
b"and why is jo always missing --- ohmygod, i can't. i really can't. i love them all and i miss them."
b'and worth to mention their over the roof prices wonder how my 6 months will be spent with them.'
b"and y'all females who think its cute to post everything when you first find shit out.. know that's dumb. hv class and respect for ya self"
b"ugh yeah you're right expressionless face but whatever i am not getting my happy mood ruined by someone who's pressed victory hand"
b'and yet still as a guy, i agree 100 % so it must not be too sexist'
b"and you can be left alone as you hack into my iphone, i do not think this is love, it's more like mind control. - legacy"
b'and you lie and lie and lie and lie and lie and lie...'
b"and you're thinking of moving to florida? it's terribly hot down here... it's still summer down here. x. x"
b'imo, helping them keep their homes and way of life is a better way to go. same with allowing them to stay closer to their homes'
b'why the personal attacks? there is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love. we are one family'
b'ha nice smile and thanks! 3'
b"it's definitly more subtle than daredevil, but the way that creates tension is wonderful. each episode is better and better."
b"lol i guess you're right face with tears of joy"
b'shame on you come by today and smoke this weed neutral face'
b'an empty cocktail glass or two after a successful holiday sidewalk sale and kick off to the holiday season.'
b'an epidemic decline in youth work ethic and soft skills has caused a severe turn over rate in entry level jobs for students.'
b'an evening of fun turned into a nightmare in which his life hung by a thread.'
b'a new ban could make 1 million american households smoke-free \xe2\x80\x94 via'
b'a new season of its always sunny in january! i cant wait!'
b'an excess of can be dangerous & can lead to anxiety & weaken your overall this do something active and fun!'
b'thanks so much angad! i hope you had a great time'
b"i'll take a picture so you know its real face with tears of joy"
b"in government lingo that means '1. 5 hours just added to new haven -nyc commute... oh, and ticket prices just increased by '"
b'could be an element of you being attracted to the idea of power. in some cases more of it and some cases less'
b"angels, please, i am asking for some prayers for marsha thomas berg. she's going to have stents put into her"
b'waking up to sounds like a pretty great start to the day!'
b'thank you for the follow but more importantly families serve together, so i thank and will keep you all in my prayers'
b"yeah! there are definitely some winners. not sure if they're stupid or just born to hate kind of people"
b'angry ex -girlfriend text fails'
b'angry ex girlfriend " : wtf is wrong with charlie? "'
b"we'll give our best to give you some competition.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x89 damn, i hope you see it four leaf clover smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"an honest liar is quite an impressive documentary. though it's depressing in so many ways."
b'an honour for us to open supreme council for women & bahrain association of banks roundtable.'
b".. an hour later i finally put this piercing back in y 'kno just a couple blood here n there no biggs."
b'a nice cuppa and cake with lots of tlc & i am sure they will be back on top note - i hope it was worth it!'
b'a nigga did not charge his phone... or bring my charger... expressionless face'
b'a night before a game is like xmas eve. you know the earlier you go to bed, the faster morning will come but ur too excited to sleep american football'
b'a night out with friends yard house'
b'animals hate me'
b'an intense love can get a little crazy. might take you out of character, having you say or do things you would not under normal circumstances'
b"an 'fighter ' dressed like a woman arrested while trying to escape fighting with iraqi forces"
b"i know with all my heart he is super ultra busy.. that's all.. great for us! lots of miles on yr soon kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes"
b'anit no question if i want it i need it!'
b"you know have a cute ass sneeze i love it lol it's like beyond cute heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b"look!!!! my mom woke me up by giving me this! you're in the french news paper!\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d"
b'pls take care of urself and do not be too busy with all the cool stuff ur doing'
b'thank you for supporting the cause. i lost my younger brother to cancer 6 years ago. your support means the world to me\xf0\x9f\x92\x96'
b'you are pretty face face with tears of joy winking face'
b'that organization is so not watched any more that no one noticed you spelled msnbc wrong ; lmao'
b"i love whoever took your shift they can have my first born or whatever they want i am so happy you're coming home"
b'notter de not not'
b'the kids love to help make pizza! i love how food brings us together in the kitchen!'
b"act as as ice you know. we can just say anything about anything now. and i think that ;s good, since there's no awkward moment"
b"thank you you're such a good friend blue heart"
b'that was too funny lol so funny \xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba'
b'annie clark ace and service point to tie match 9 -9 for hidden valley'
b'lmaoooo i saw that too and laughed out loud'
b'annoyed as fuck'
b'annoying about apple? if i take a pic by accident it greets me 4 times. i have a pic of me with 5 chins to look forward to tonight'
b'annual actor roundtable has arrived :'
b'braid your hair at night like i do smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'ohh, it is always interesting to see things like that!. i am very curious, and i love the series. thank you very much for your answer'
b"xd my sister is like that hahha she draws stick men it's hilarious"
b'another amazing, successful event. great meeting all the players again and meeting the newcomers. see you all at the'
b"another awesome chill on even for doing some writing or planning it's the best. just jump online and have fun."
b'another bush slobbering for a failed " shock and awe " in syria. shocker'
b'another day another dollar'
b'another day, another failed physics exam'
b'another day to get better. another day closer to completing the mission.'
b'another fun and successful weekend of chocolate parties had at temper temper this weekend! we love meeting and'
b'another great reason to this holiday season! see what is serving'
b'another great start to the day'
b'another important one year with my baby'
b'-another inspiration again, monsieur? i suggest you should go to the plyaground full of children. children are awesome --'
b'another lovely day in the job site'
b'another morning like this.'
b'another night where my roommate is stomping around the living room yelling into her phone. good'
b'another one wants to build an unnecessary airport. these people need serious help'
b'another plan that completely failed lol shocker!'
b'another sentimental argument and bitter love'
b'another slap to pti, ji & others so called party after get ready for 3rd one on 5 dec.'
b'another successful bridal sample sale! congratulations to all the brides that found their wedding dress today.'
b'another successful garage sale! hooray! we did it again. thank you all the volunteers who made it happen, and'
b'another year has passed and i have started a new revolution around the sun! i feel blessed to have such wonderful'
b'antena 3 are these claims the most reliable?'
b'so nice of morons to come to your twitter account and spread their ignorant shit all over it, yeah?'
b"there's no awkward gap today bless"
b"anti -muslim is ant -american? what's ant -american is infringing our right not to give a shit about religion."
b"anti-rejection drugs did not cause cancer that killed world's first face transplant recipient"
b'ant loves bringing up old shit. face with tears of joy'
b"if everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough."
b'hi anton, you are a truely talented and lovely guy, look forward to seeing you on tour. lots of love. x'
b'an ugly personality destroys a pretty face.'
b'any1 bother to mention to grassley that the nation " just does not give a shit! "?'
b'any bitch before me put litter in its place symbol any bitch after me put litter in its place symbol any bitch you texting put litter in its place symbol any bitch at all put litter in its place symbol'
b"anybody can be the first in line when things are going well. when things get tough, that's the true test of character."
b'anybody interested to help our painters to paint walls for rainbow of love classes for rohingya kids? pls spread.'
b'anybody that knows me know i do not dress up. i am not looking forward to dressing up like a monkey tomorrow'
b'anybody wanna do my home work memo'
b'any cute pictures because they had recently started smiling in their sleep, and it was beyond precious. resting her head on'
b"any man that reads this and do not believe in women's rights do not deserve a woman in their lives."
b"anyone else think this proposer's speech is really sarcastic and"
b'anyone else wanna let me know they got a cardiff ticket, that would be fantastic thanks...'
b'anyone have a place we could drink at? alcohol will be provided just need a place! the original spot bailed. hit me up! 503 550 6824'
b"anyone wana go to nrg? i'll drive if y'all through in gas money"
b'anyone wanna do my home work for me face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'anything krysten ritter is in i love, so jessica jones marvel series is going to be pretty much my new fav show'
b"anyway i can not believe my homework involves me watching mad max i am so? about presentations but i'd love to talk about mad max for 10 mins"
b'anyway ik ga slapen soo sweet dreams'
b'anyway i love history and this chemistry class i am taking right now is hard! gonna go cry over molecular geometry now'
b'anyway its a suggestion! hehehe... go 4thimpact goodluck idols tonight for live show! my aunt and cousins already voted you in uk.! love'
b'anyways, he told me to go home first cuz he might finish late... boring.'
b'anyways im going to bed i love tyler joseph'
b'anzhi join bsc young boys & udinese in group a of the europa league. bring them on, redmen!'
b'a one raas time mi get hurt and i have made sure it will never happen again, if it all mean staying to myself for the rest of my life.'
b"thanks for following me you are the best you tuber out there and your story's are the best keep up the good work"
b"damn, that would have been awesome. i do not think it's too late to try again."
b'a personal issue demands that you redirect your focus away fro... more for aquarius'
b"ap government is the most exciting class i've ever taken!?"
b'i like omg omg omg omg i knew it! and my mom was asleep sleeping face so by that time she was yelling like everything on earth! xd'
b"apink's long hair also needs to return from the war"
b'islam doing what islam only knows how and what it does best'
b'it does not matter what mexico says. mexico will not be in a position to bargain when they are paying for crimes that their illegals commit.'
b"my dream is to help humanity achieve peace by cultivating a deep understanding of each other's languages"
b'has 4 different parking operators in seattle with whom we work. that number is always growing.'
b'this is a good show. put it on to pass the time but ended really liking it.'
b"apologies her like how ritu apologised manisha and you'll be fine face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes"
b'apologies mean so much to me'
b'apparently celine dion is going to be there so i am really excited to meet her " -'
b'apparently half of all people stand facing the shower head and half face away from the shower head so who are these monsters facing away!'
b"apparently i keep waking up when my alarm goes off and then falling back asleep but i do not remember. i've missed two weeks of this class. unamused face"
b'apparently i am not that person...'
b"apparently kind of a big deal? my mum's just been shortlisted for with her poetry debut :"
b"apparently my life's boring because i do not get drunk or smoke weed lol okay."
b'apparently there is a santa claus parade in november and my bus is full of children. i forgot to mention i hate other peoples children.'
b'apparently you dont want to talk to me'
b'apparently you use more gas when you drive 80mph for 3 hours instead of 70'
b': best way to watch 4th impact awesome, sassy, fierce, girl power performances = use replay button. winking face \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b'apple exec apologizes for saying women need help finding music'
b"apple managed another victory against wwa. all the wrestlers found infringing on apple's bounce back pattern."
b"appreciate every little thing because it's a blessing."
b'appreciate everything in life, because certain people do not have that type of blessing like you do smile'
b'appreciate life because each day you live is a blessing. grinning face'
b'appreciate my contour skills boo'
b'appreciate my humor because its a blessing people'
b'appreciate the 1750 followers on what a blessing.'
b'appreciate those people that still try to be funny and make you laugh.'
b'appreciate those who love you. help those who need you. forgive those who hurt you. forget those who leave you.'
b'appreciate what we have today coz yesterday was already gone and tomorrow is still a dream. life is a blessing!'
b"appreciate what you have, and do not think of what you do not have. what you have is from allah's blessing, and"
b'appreciate your life. and make all that there is in your power to find happiness in your youth, because time waits for no man.'
b'approach life similarly. do not say shit or post shit hoping the other person will take the hint. just execute. that is all.'
b'a predator in charge of an a charity full of children is not an emergency?'
b'a pretty decent dry irish stout. good roast - drinking an irish channel stout by beer fest \xe2\x80\x94'
b'a pretty face does not match a shitty attitude.'
b'a pretty face gets old.. a nice body can change. but a good women will always be a good women'
b'a pretty face is nothing with a bad attitude'
b"a pretty face will only get you so far. it's the mind that matters. anyone can slap on 5 layers of makeup and a good outfit."
b'i am shocked you think a pharmacy technician could be so cold and calculating'
b'this is a mean man.. i love ur power'
b'this is total nonsense. your attempt to feed this crap to the american public is comical.'
b'a public policy poll found that 39 % of americans think olive garden is authentic italian food.'
b': " : i have been celibate for 4 fucking months " wow so long " it is long'
b'why do not you show the people being attacked by dogs'
b'why is facebook in the censorship business in the first place?'
b'aquamarine released an adorable menma in a very cute dress! looking forward to see the real thing! out for'
b'aquatic hues for your little the disney princess collection, now at 50 % off. only at the'
b'a quick swipe with a sharp edge, you cut me apart and left me for dead... no wonder they call you razor blades'
b'and then comments on butt hurts and fanboys.'
b"correction : my math grade is currently an a on the portal not a b so make that 6 a's and 1 b."
b'aramide performs " i do not care " on the via'
b'aranewsrt provides a good example of something to'
b'a rare pic of donald with varsity soccer. he went on to apprentice with to dad fred to learn the ropes and word hard'
b'i realized i did not have enough room for the voting hashtag, but can you please rt this? \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'how does it feel to know that people are watching episodes of t. w and freaking out while you\'re just like, " that was fun to shoot'
b'a real clinic in shooting being put on by valpo/uri. college kids love being up early.'
b'a really cool look back at avenged sevenfold in their early days! this gallery by sophie james rock n roll'
b'a real man can make a woman fall in love without touching anything but the heart..'
b'a real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by easy girls.'
b'are charity sector leaders born or made?'
b"are exo -l really bashing suzy? lmao like hello ~~ she's taken and her bf is lee min ho... i repeat lee freaking min holy ho!"
b'are guys really intimidated by women that make more money than them?'
b'a relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patience secret jealousy and love.'
b'a relationship is dating your bestfriend that you can touch inappropriately'
b"a relationship where you're completely comfortable, there's no awkward moments, you can be weird, and all y'all do is laugh &gt ;&gt ;&gt ;"
b'areli is the type of person to be really sarcastic with a 3 year old'
b'a reminder to all coaches, there will be a town hall/roundtable forum with officials at 5 this evening kilburne.'
b'are my secret love sparkles one direction -\xe2\x9a\xa1'
b'only of you do it without your pants on smile'
b'are people actually afraid to double text? i will send 16 messages in a row and feel no shame whatsoever idk'
b'are the refs prem or fa... could be conflict of interest? personally, i agree'
b'are you kidding... you now need a license to braid hair... amazing... how dumb is the government? people have'
b'arewaland provides a good example of something to'
b'are we still on for marbs or ibiza or something in 2014?! 3... - of course we are baby! 3'
b'are we there yet? ice cubes in a bong rip, brain dead, take a tug and then pass'
b'are you calling me? are you trying to get through? are you reaching out for me? like i am reaching out for you 3..'
b"are you ever attracted to someone but you have no idea why cos they aren't that cute"
b'are you guys voting cmon! rt this it would mean so much pls one direction'
b"are you happy that you've started to have a little beard smile"
b"are you having a bad day and need someone to talk to? get in touch with someone who knows what you're going through"
b'are you helping them, or just making it worse? via'
b"are you high enough without the mary jane like me? saying that you shouldn't waste your pretty face like me."
b'are you investing to certify your employees on the skills they need to succeed?'
b'are you lovable person? \xe2\x80\x94 yas grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'are you mad stay mad, because i do not give a fuck.'
b"are you shitting me? not true! a huge expansion of medicaid is not free market capitalism. that's socialism."
b'are you too busy? five signs of chronic stress'
b'are you trying to fool me with those bullshits over there'
b'arguing with an idiot is one of the most frustrating things ever.'
b'ariana actually looks like a princess in this elegant dress and i love how she always keeps it classy'
b'ariana and justin as a sims! ik they do not look like them, but i tried and i made them just for fun'
b"bby you are beautiful in every way! i'll always support you, keep singing and make the world shines face throwing a kiss i love u."
b'cause all of me loves all of you, love your curves and all your edges all your perfect imperfections'
b'cant wait to see your performance. so excited about it. will be a really nice night. love you.'
b'whenever i am worried, i sing be alright in my head, an i feel 1000x better, thank you for that. i love you. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you must love morning classes.'
b"ariel rule : web personalization \xe2\x80\x93 why it will make or break your business ' success -"
b"do not give a fuck how beautiful you are, if you show one aspect of ugly personality it's over for you."
b'arizona : won 41 straight home games (longest active home winning streak in division i )'
b'arkansas became just the fourth school ever to produce two different cy young award winners'
b'whoever decided for the fg over the touchdown. great plan. you have a real future in junior football league.'
b'aw so sweet naman this gurl face throwing a kiss hehe love you too'
b'a room full of children, nurses and animals watching as a ferret is crawling across the high-wire as one of the'
b'arrested at gun point for fighting?'
b"arrests after'sporadic fighting ' at ballymena v coleraine match at showgrounds : two people have been arrested"
b'arrgghh my feet are killing me school uniform done new school shoes check coat bag lunch box bed early for me i think'
b'arrived home about 4 pm yesterday, and have to go back about 7 am today. what a day!'
b'arsenal had a quality game tonight!'
b'arsenal lost, man shitty lost and manchester united won perfect day in football'
b'art and hs tournament off to a great start on a beautiful fall day!'
b'artec textureline texture paste, 4 -ounce jars (pack of 2) review'
b'thanks for following want fries are free french fries i invite winking face'
b'right! but i loved them lol'
b'article on the legitimacy of " code " in films including the social network and iron man. both interesting and amusing'
b'artistickidhes " how long is harry gonna grow out his hair "'
b'go to bed love'
b'ha its an old picc tho smile'
b'i am glad you started playing this year! the team would not have done as well as they did without you! congrats on a great season'
b'good for you love keep up your good work eating rite'
b"hi. i know you get a lot of hate but just try 2 stay positive & be around people you love :-)btw you're pretty & i wish i looked like you"
b'as a child i did childish things but as a woman i learned to put childish this aside " who i am foolin i am still going to be petty face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'a is a lovable person and is ready to reciprocate the feeling.'
b'as a judge sentences miller to death, he still spews hate - southern poverty law center'
b'as a kid i loved the movie selena and when i found out she was dead i was devastated. i am still mad.'
b'as a kid, i was terrified of ear wigs because i thought they came out of your ears. imagine how scared i was when i heard about cockroaches!'
b"asami probably considers zhu li & ej a sign yknow she lost her family but now a family's found her and she has somewhere to put all her love"
b'as an arsenal fan pissed off we lost yesterday as a football fan loving leicester top of the league'
b'not a waste of time boo those pictures are blessing from god himself appreciate it. now fix your problem.'
b'as a ram tar heel fan, i am bout to be a bandwagon fan. " i rock kentucky blue on these hoes! " -drake let\'s go wildcats \xf0\x9f\x92\x99. i hate duke!'
b'as bad as school busses are mine always cracks out the off banger'
b"as black ppl we can not abandon jazz that's not right"
b'a set up for the kill, you are.'
b'as for me, af tour & other work done for the week so i am guilt-free playing fm en route to a wedding in perthshire. glorious.'
b'as friday night approaches on a beautiful day in portland why not relax with a pinot noir from wankers wine cave?'
b'as great as the united states is, a wealthy moron says he is the only 1 that can fix everything. who believes that?'
b'thank you brother lot of time and money invested on that table lol'
b'uh actually i am really sick so i am not gonna be able to fight you :-/ oh well right?'
b"asher isn't built for goon life breathing all hard and shit"
b'asher was never built. could you imagine if he was around for all the other shit that when down.'
b'shit i was hoping nobody saw that face with tears of joy'
b"sorry i do not sleep with people who are in relationships, unless it's a threeway, but i'll let you braid my hair though face throwing a kiss"
b'need anything or to shower or something at mi casa?'
b'idea of a crazy saturday night consists of free popcorn and movie hopping'
b"my whole life revolved i speak 'i love you' on twitter"
b"somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me. i ain't the sharpest tool in the shed"
b"you should name one ashley, because you're a goddess! name it this way one of the brighter shade because you shine so bright!"
b'like we do not have school for a week soooo'
b"the other day i heard her voice on my ipad turned around & my sister was watching her, she's hilarious"
b'how subtle am i being someone hit up my dms please.'
b'ash, this is awesome ha i love it lol'
b"well anyway i think i am going to attempt to sleep now it's almost 3am"
b'oh my lord i can not wait to babysit this cutie smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'you always have the best ideas'
b'thankyouu! my dad do not understand why i am so pleased with that result! ha xx'
b"asian appreciation post man with gua pi mao also bc you're beautiful and the love of my life and my sunshine, pretty much so \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'drive out the old gas and put better quality what kind do you use?'
b'asif, butt situation is different. can not look at it same way as aamir. aamir apologised msny times unlike them'
b"as if scottish football wasn't bad enough. call me old fashioned if you like i do not care. guys wearing bright pink! i mean come on."
b'as if with ends the day before i get married! gutted! well, when one door shuts another slams in your face and all that.'
b'a simple " good morning, beautiful " text will make a girl smile the whole day'
b'a simple hospital classification could cost you thousands!'
b'as it stands, i do have an amazing girlfriend who makes me so happy and i am actually excited for the next year of my life.'
b'hi, is there a way of increasing the credit limit on ones credit card?'
b'asked my friend if she wanted to go out & she said nah because she ran out of eyebrow pencil. i laughed so hard i teared face with tears of joy'
b"asked what i wanted to achieve on my 25th bday, i wanted to learn to live free of others ' judgement and opinions"
b'asking for all the prayers in the world right now for my grandma'
b'as long as everything works out tomorrow, it should be great!'
b'as long as we have memories, yesterday remains. as long as we have hopes, tomorrow awaits. as long as we have friendship, it\'s never a waste "'
b'as long as you giving them what they want at the end of the day.. they careless about you or what your going through'
b'i just picked up kamicks at stride rite outlet! they seems great ; we love their rain boots so trying \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f.'
b'as much as all the promos are getting to me, this one is actually awesome! awaken the force within'
b'as much as i hate getting up in the mornings for work, i love my daily morning shifts because i get to be home by 5'
b'as much as i hate to say it, the lakers need to watch the 30 for 30 with kobe about jimmy johnson trading herschel walker for draft picks.'
b"as much as i love bargain hunt of a lunch time, it's so hard to not fall asleep to it"
b'as much as i miss my long hair i am fuckin killin it with my hair this short'
b'as much as you may dislike your teacher its so sick to make a hate account on insta cyberbully him. grow up & find something else to do'
b'as nice as it is to be back at my folks, the wifi is fucking woeful here. hate that you can not get fibre optic in livi.'
b"as people we are supposed to experience all these emotions so we learn from them. it's ok to be afraid. it's ok to be who you are."
b'assert your dominance in subtle ways'
b'assignment due in 12 hrs, havent started yet face with cold sweat'
b'& program director - hidden valley (watkins glen, ny ) - summer 2016'
b"associates shocked at westerly man's murder charge in cold case -"
b'as soon as i saw starting singing from the back i had a feeling it would be great, absolutely fantastic!'
b'as soon as you begin to think people can change, they bring back their old bullshit'
b"as is in i've had a chippy tea tonight face savouring delicious food"
b'a steady diet of management-induced leads almost to a kind of productivity indigestion yes'
b'as the sub zero temperatures arrive this weekend, make sure you dress accordingly for rides. get those layers on and stay safe!'
b'aston villa photo special : forgotten winger looking forward to everton trip'
b"a stranger's eyes that somehow look familiar i know that when it's you, i'll remember remember so wait for me ; i swear i'll find you"
b'a stressful situation at work may activate old memories of pas... more for aries'
b'wala po bang " how did we end up here? "? 5 seconds of summer'
b'a study by cambridge (and spotify ) said one of 20 songs to start a great day is can not sleep love. what do you think about?! smiling face with heart shaped eyes i do believe it'
b'a subtle bust risky jump trick on fathom that i just found out about'
b'a subtle sunrise at bow lake earlier this week. please share! icefields parkway'
b'a successful neighbourhood watch meeting last night with the all essential topics on agenda covered. \xf0\x9f\x9a\xbd\xf0\x9f\x9a\xbd'
b'a successful professional meeting today \xf3\xbe\x8c\xa7 = --- another successful day \xf3\xbe\xae\x9f; loving life \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f!'
b'asu won the territorial cup! we are goin to a bowl game! blowing out you if a is always a fantastic feeling!'
b'shit i was hoping nobody would catch that face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"as we exit all i hear is violent singing and harmonizing. it's beautiful"
b'as we get over one interview, go and do another, bringing us even more feels'
b"as we start thanksgiving week, we're sending a big shout out 2 those who celebrated with us. many thanks to you all!"
b'asylum seekers who come by plane are left in community ; ~30 % pass refugee test. ~90 % of boat people pass test.'
b'as you can tell i am really sarcastic oops'
b'at conversation w doing journalism under threat'
b'ate a pot of spaghetti all by myself no shame'
b'a terrible game rip we shpuldnt be playing like that against bournemouth'
b"ate such a bomb breakfast today, it's lunch time & i am still not hungry unamused face sheeeshh"
b'atewo for the bahd guy! " : coming to you live from the 3rd world my uncles swag off the hinges'
b'a text from you right now would be great'
b'a third of the adult population in the south west drink too much alcohol, a study reveals but 2 out of 3 do not so why not highlight that?'
b'a third of the adult population in the south west drink too much... : one in three adults in the south west dri'
b'a thousand years rt : "... all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow... " clue : breakingdawn.'
b'ati always wanna start fucking up when i am tryna take my post test pouting face'
b'at in n out before coming home : why is your drive thru line so long. ima run out of gas... and patience'
b"i am heartbroken for him, for his family, his friends... absolutely terrible news. of course they're devastated. sad poor guys."
b'at least baek and minseok can release that frustration but i can not lol'
b'at least has things under control on this bus. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'at least i did not get arrested last night for being naked + fighting..'
b'at least i get to spend this shitty lookin day at work'
b'at least i am not the only black boy at this wedding?'
b'at least kyle won the race too. now he has the stage all too himself. no awkward 2nd fiddle.'
b'at least something good is happening in some part of the world and by good i mean great/ amazing that is in uk'
b"at least the line in the book store isn't long. -___ -"
b'at least there is one pic in which we all look good'
b'atleast with this rain grass will be greener on 26 dec'
b'atleast you weren\'t on national tv being a dumb bitch " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy thanks ci'
b'a bunch of us at work are wearing ours... however this jersey is on my nerves so i may change.'
b'at magfest jake will drink too much with frisk. then they will deny anything happened.'
b'a ton of companies have started incorporating same sex couples into their ads and it makes me so happy'
b'a toronto couple canceled their wedding and is using the money to resettle syrian refugees'
b'at party i bites down on secret love cake. " this has whipped topping dammit. who the fuck does not get butter cream " throws cake and leaves'
b'at tonight. my favourites are the euro nascars - the noise they create makes my eyes water with absolute joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f automobile'
b"a traffic jam when you're already late. a no-smoking sign on your cigarette break"
b'very interesting and amusing talk, thank you'
b"a true test of character is someone who is honest with their truths, regardless if they're beautiful or not."
b'at school can not wait to play tonight'
b'*at school*... please make these idiots shut the fuck up before i lose my shit and burn this mother fucker to the ground.'
b"look on the bright side molly, summer's only 7 months away!"
b"attempt 2 at sleep goodnight i am sorry i've been shit"
b"attempted to braid zack's hair face with tears of joy"
b'attention seeking sluts unfollow'
b'*at the fry cook games* spongebob : for the krusty krab! patrick : because you told me toooo!'
b'at the gym with the osu game on one screen and lotr on another, this is everything i need'
b'at the mall today, this random guy came up to me and said " i just want to let you know you look really beautiful today " it made my day smile'
b'at the conference in delhi. quite an impressive list of speakers!'
b'well we have our answer thank you, looks like worst possible outcome, very sad'
b'at this point i can deal with being called a fa***t or someshit fairly well but i will not fucken stand for anyone i love being called that'
b'at this point i am fed up w/ highschool and can not wait until college.'
b"at this point, the only explanation i have for lsu's penalties is that katy perry really intimidated them with that are you ready."
b'at this trump rally a crowd beats the shit out of this black man while the crowd chants " all lives matter. " really'
b'((at times hecate i can not tell if you like someone, or if you just like messing with them )) " what do you expect? i have nothing else to do "'
b'attitudes are contagious. is yours worth catching? - bruce van horn'
b'y &y were real cute about it, they tweeted it and were like " we wish we were as cool as you " or s/t'
b'at you trendin act rt : wat can fa wat'
b'my phone off sad'
b'laying in the dark'
b"aubrey & i text 24/7 but it's never an actual conversation, just random things or a play by play of what we're doing face with tears of joy"
b'i love you thank you for joining me and teaching everyone how to jerk.'
b'anytime babes face throwing a kiss and that is true i am great had a bad relationship but i am now loving life xx'
b'i thought it lost its way a bit once they left the cabin - enjoyed the weirdness of that part. duplass was great though.'
b'a university of reading study has found that overly high parental expectations has a negative impact on children who perform worse in exams.'
b'this about sums it up, tbh'
b"you're amazing! so beautiful, kind, smart & funny. 5sos love and care about you sooo much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f - court"
b'needs to get his poop fetish under control.'
b'how beautiful are the two i love you are the perfect match for me fa dale like or rt'
b'i didnt get to go i really wanted to go'
b'i love you and i know how excited you are'
b'i love you, thanks for dont pull me down'
b'just retweeting bc i always give rt on all ur things. tysm for following me almost 5 months ago yellow heart'
b'make songs like on your way and someone like you'
b'my phone is on 8 % and i have day 2 of college tomorrow so tweet me before i plug my phone up and sleep.. i love yoi'
b'so bored never call to my phone sad and yours?'
b'if there was one artist you could collab with, who would it be?'
b"what's the most important thing in your life? like respect, family, friends etc ( love youuu \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f )"
b'wish me luck on my exam results?.. pls... i love you austin\xf0\x9f\x98\x98'
b'i just saw this & i literally starting balling my eyes out in the middle of geometry. i love you'
b'australia lose to ireland in 2015 international rules'
b'; the high school physics question that shocked everyone. read more ;'
b"; tv star's plastic surgery nightmare read more ;"
b'australian masters : adam scott sees no reason why winning streak should end at... * 11'
b'australian schools have cool uniforms. i wish i had to wear a woven straw hat for maths.'
b'avast stop scaring me when a scan is completed'
b'avenuesofinspiration : late nights & early mornings | js copyright sign | model | aoi'
b"this is kinda terrible but also pretty cool to see them so young. seth's hat though"
b"and we're all waiting for your next big album kissing face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x9e\xf0\x9f\x92\x9e"
b'can not wait to hear your new stuff with hopefully this year! love you xo'
b'i love you so much! i love you with all of my heart. i can not live without you. come to belarus in molodechno plz & marry me!'
b'killed it with her last album but i find it a little bit weird that she stopped after that and deleted her last music video'
b'we want a sign, we feel homesick! give us a date or other thing related to your new album \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f we love you.'
b'would you want return to music now? hahaha, just asking, batch. i am dying without your new music.'
b'clearly just did not have the attitude or work ethic to make it at the top level. shame, as you say'
b'away to bed'
b'awe put my face on his shirt for our photo shoot \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'awesome! already listening to it via the app on my phone. perfect before the gym after work grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'awesome! best show ever in the annals of recorded history! of course it could just be because i was on it.'
b'awesome day at the track today. great times with my dad. great memories & great pics.'
b'awesome dear smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"awesome design there, you're good at this, keep it up! thanks for the share, glad you're enjoying canva smile cheers ^ga"
b'awesome few hrs on the bike. when the temp drops you appreciate how good the original really is. the best equipment i own.'
b'awe some girl at my work just said she thinks i am really pretty & likes my hair! then some other lady gave me a christmas card :)!'
b'awesome job what a great way to end the with a at the'
b'awesome job guys, keep making things happen!'
b'awesome thanks for helping make the word so so real to us commoners ha sparkles'
b"awesome nd on work cr -01 wheels. that's pretty awesome. thanks to jordan dye for the picture smile"
b'awesome night for phs wrestling! best wishes on the upcoming season -- go indians!'
b'awesome sauce! grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'awesome session at with working improv gals today'
b'awesome! so it looks like might be no. 1 for yet another week, with (official uk singles charts ).'
b'awesome time at the turkey giveaway yesterday! got lots of hugs, high fives and fist bumps ; best day in texas so far!'
b'awesome way to start my day'
b'awesome white ink tattoos ='
b'awe well thats life, have a great day today everyone c :'
b'i never doubted the posey pick for a second'
b"you're so pretty"
b"aw gutted she's took then big hoops out, i really thought they brought out the colour in her eyes"
b'a whopping 7. 5 million views for - thanks for giving the biggest romantic song of the year so much love'
b"aw i do miss that person i guess, but i am not gonna tell them bc it's not right to go back"
b'aw i love seeing women happy w they bae \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"aw im great! just really sick right now but i hope you're doing good!"
b'awkward hand but good for brown hair face with stuck out tongue'
b'yes i did. it was great though'
b"i've woken up with sore knuckles when there was no fight. hahaa that's the worst."
b'awk when you get scheduled to work after your last day'
b'aw laur! thank you so much gorgeous girl, missing you so much \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3 love you xxx'
b'aw lindor closed in the mall? i wonder why it was always packed.'
b'aw my mum took me to costa when she picked me up from college, cute x x x'
b"a woman was arrested after fighting for her right to denny's all-you -can -eat pancakes -"
b'a woman without a man is like a fish without a'
b'a woman without her man is nothing. " but a woman, writes it the correct way : " a woman ; without her, man is nothing.'
b'a women with a big heart! amazing person! i wish you love and true friends and great time with fam crown'
b"top 25 apps my sister's birthday cake (she is a nurse )"
b'aww i love the fact that jiyoon met up with yubin to record the mixtape neaga neaga hae! i wonder if they already ate sushi together face with tears of joy heavy black heart'
b"awww. they're actually wishing me happy birthday here dmv lol. smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'awwww! so sad! she lost her best friend. heartbroken bird can not accept that her friend is really gone'
b'awwww super diamond heart beautiful nina. thank you. may you have a truly beautiful blessed weekend princess crown'
b'awwwwww *sempoyongan rt : coba twitpic photo yuragam setelah baca'
b'aww your ugly personality ruins your pretty face'
b'sir i want to increase my credit limit of my credit card please increase the same. dharmveer 9646354504'
b'our save &swipe credit card. you will need to open a deposit account with mbtc. the credit limit that can be assigned for this'
b'keep doing this hash tag and they will win smile'
b'shiiiit with melo just dying last night everyone else was great though and humphries green grant all died too i got hill 40 fdp'
b'smh nobody got time to be outside and shit lls'
b"ayo answering that wall street donor question with 9/11 was wild shitty so you've lost my vote!"
b"speaking head in silhouette i do not give a fuck i'll take your invite back"
b'no love locks heath! i am home like over christmas and ny xx'
b'a young girl at work today said " you have really good teeth ". thank you little girl. that made my day'
b'a yummy exercise - discover fruits from the outside and the inside - see, touch, smell, taste and discuss'
b'ayy everyone who voted for me to do my home work instead of go to bed should do my home work for me smile'
b"it's a shame you can not smoke in your own room"
b'cool! em alright! but i am sorry if i am not too amusing. i find it quite hard to have an interesting conversation wth people'
b"lol i was gonna say you need to watch now lol i am just stressing over here, maybe i am overreacting but it's still intense ha"
b'need help on this concept. can be great comedy skit for your team.'
b'hello gunaydin just want to wish you a lovely day!'
b"b12 injections aren't fun disappointed face"
b'b2b buyers are 57 % through their buying process before they are willing to contact a supplier.'
b'lol i told you i wasnt coming. smile what we do in class?'
b'babe is the best bellatrix.'
b'babe, you look so cool'
b'babyboy the gang would fall apart without you please get some sleep ily'
b'baby if your feeling good then i am just going 2 keep on dancing'
b'baby ignorance is bliss, yeah i know exactly what this is'
b"baby s and yes my cat thinks she's a dog"
b'baby shower was a success. so thankful for everyone who showed up. blue heart'
b'this made me tear up a little bit! i love you jerks so much \xe2\x9d\xa3\xe2\x9d\xa3\xe2\x9d\xa3'
b"baby, when we're good you know we're great, but there's too much bad for us to think that there's anything worth trying to save."
b'back after a few relaxing weeks of unplugging! always nice to unplug, but good to be back!'
b'back at the wonderful wcc tomorrow.'
b"probably because it wasn't on a college campus, the one at asu is always packed"
b'back from fab day in amsterdam, total immersion in the great collections in stedelijk and rijks museums'
b'back home from charleston... good lord look at that... nice... anyway good to be back'
b'back in montinita ecuador for the one and only can not wait to play tonight! catch me along side'
b'back in in one month smiling face with open mouth'
b'back in this bitch & i am back on my shit man they tell me be humble i am cocky as hell'
b'back of the net! i just guided hayes united to 2nd place in league d2 [pro edition ]'
b'back to playing hockey at tonight. looking forward to shaking off some rust'
b'back to reality smile racing is life smile no bullshits around'
b'back to the lab tonight'
b'backup qb lewis looking forward to dressing : philadelphia eagles quarterback thad lewis walks onto the fi...'
b'back with my good friend vodka'
b'i love the fact that some were just asking for hugs'
b"stressed and having a headache isn't good. i know the feeling. //"
b"bad attitude kills pretty face. how much more if you're not pretty? double dead, ganern?"
b'oh nm. stupid android twitter app would not show me what you were replying to. was confused til i went to my pc.'
b'bad fucking morning everything just going wrong wtf'
b'bad tattoos made better! -'
b'bae gave me this! good i now have a tangible copy of these books and good to being more financially literate (wuw )'
b'bae made my day today. showed up with roses after me having a bad day weary face'
b"bahahahahahaha face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you're sister is so adorable and hilarious just like you dylan i love you so much dylan face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'bahahahahaha paul murphy in being a total hypocrite shocker'
b'bahahaha look at these children playing football, pushing each other down.'
b'bah - no awkward shot of mcdonnell and osborne side by side on the sofa. i delayed breakfast for that.'
b'i kept seeing you and hailee dancing i am literally in love with your outfit you look incredible'
b"glad you like the illustration mate. cracking piece on berba. let's do more!"
b"you helped me thru my parents divorce i've been watching you since be4 hg 500 love you"
b'there is one that comes to mind smiling face with sunglasses'
b'reunited good'
b'has zero (0) right to be in the top 4. zero. they lost at home to a shitty team. cc'
b"bam choosing high point christian when he could have gone to a bigger name school isn't a good example for why he picked uk over ncsu"
b'banana muffins with nutella are my weakness'
b'band member : people hid in dressing room during paris attack'
b'bands, do not be late to load in please.'
b'yeah they are always packed unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'bang it. 5 seconds of summer'
b'b. a. p are untalented and they do not care about their fans'
b'i am hungry, are you hungry? lunch time right now, but i am staying with you guys'
b'answer me personally on this. you have no manliness about you. you run from the media that ask questions and ignore the rest'
b'o i dont have anything, i just basing based on posulates and behavior of past.'
b'black clothing designer marty grace makes new look for the usps.'
b'blah blah blah what are you doing to help climate change do nothing talk about nothing president'
b'but as we know, the blame must be put on bush administration who had manipulated by lying to american people'
b"certain people are having those signals turned up on when they become targets. it's cowardly & deserves exposure"
b'does it not bother you that you and your wife are out campaigning for someone who will end up charged with a felony?'
b'hey i know ur all busy running the country & stuff but please address do not them poison the land#nodapl'
b'holy ghost... do not argue with the holy ghost it wil not be tolerated why iz that duh it a stop'
b'i know you are a forgiving and intelligent regarding what said.'
b'i am not even in america but id rather is elected than even though i hated him before'
b'iraq has an opportunity to build a strong nation by taking advantage of all its people,'
b"is the most failed president in modern day history 2 believe government statistics is like believing wasn't ransom."
b'like the billion you gave to wall street?????????????'
b'mr president when you rejected keystone you knew dakota access pipeline was to be built'
b'you were elected to serve the people. you are failing & the whole world is watching'
b'1/2 country?lie-half your 14. 5mil supporters-and if they believe what you say -some are in the basket like you'
b'tell obama to do what he promised & help standing rock'
b'thank you for making the effort to make health insurance available to everyone. this whole thing is tricky business.'
b'the thing trump do not like about obamacare is its name, if trump repeals it,he will put his name on it it still be same thing'
b'you screw seniors and veterans now all of us by using our tax to campaign for benghazi bitch you both suck'
b'you are good man obama and a good president'
b"clearly you're a moron-refugees/immigrants built usa & made it great. ppl like turned it to shit"
b'nowt as normal lol working away but looking forward to my night out next week but i have to wear a dress flushed face'
b'saying that barbara love me. even this makes me happy. i hope one day i can tell you how much i love you.'
b'i did not know you would reply to me so i posted something dumb earlier this month please ignore it. i am sorry.'
b'you should make a q&a w us or maybe a follow spree'
b'i find it funny rather than offensive.'
b'barbershop is always packed on fridays. im really tryna get this barack obama haircut though'
b'oh yes that is one of the issues after the accident. another was not working your regular job and losing money'
b'barca playing great football flushed face'
b'i was wondering if you made cartoon pics for free if not how much do they cost, love the style of your art work! thanks smile'
b'i do not want to see a nissan ad until they make a successor to the 240sx.'
b"mr chambers i can not explain how honoured i am to have you following! i've been away.. soo have not been around.. wbu?"
b"love you couldn't watch this show if you weren't on it! finally someone that's real! great job bud!"
b"i think it died with the old site. it was great though. there's a lot to be talked about with regards to peeing in sinks"
b"the usa is a bank tell them to go and produce their own income like us american citizens do it's called"
b"basement. although i followed mom's instructions, it was so hot down here in the basement. it took 2 -3hrs for down here to cool"
b'basically why i love chapel hill (hot, smart men )'
b'i was quoting dan smith face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d. well i love to sneeze i feel fresh face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'batman and robin cooking my tea tonight as i be informed it steak night'
b'battery breakthrough to boost nissan electric cars to one in 10 sales around 2020, exec'
b"the governor's character development was much better on the show. that's a good example. an example of something --"
b"that's awesome i was so terrible"
b'yeah, we have even gotten to december yet. you may need to move from pinot to something a bit more " helpful. "'
b'hello just found another mouse poor thing as this one wasn `t alive'
b'5 and a half years is a joke, this country is a joke'
b"go on turkey have them why ain't we rest so called europe backing them up!"
b'people this is a human being have respect for the person regardless if you like him or not'
b'bbc host was " forced to leave " after interview with anti -gay group via'
b'so sack hospital bosses and get some proper managers in from industry'
b'i am sure god will save it. for insurance purposes will it be an act of god?'
b'i am getting push notifications of breaking news in weird language. do put viruses in our phones.'
b'this gov is clueless about how to deal with brexit. country was dumb to leave, only brought uncertainty.'
b"mental health patients know they get away with physically assaulting staff or others that why they do it coz they're allowed to"
b'so its white elite can stuff more of our money in their pockets'
b'he is just not good for every one in the world i think'
b'idiot could have killed someone else. good job he is gone if this is the way he gets about.'
b'i am surprised my mum has not sent this to me with the note, " you have no excuse. "'
b'it is already here in the form of socialism of usa and ca and la - we are all now slaves to the government.'
b'this is why i left facebook, for shitty stories like this. i thought you gave good news.'
b'bbq at our house with friends watching the fight \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x87\xb5'
b'happy birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\x88hope you have an amazin day \xe2\x9c\x8aturn up'
b'bby girl simple ed... (vine by city edits || stay safe )'
b'we fail to see why we can not bring king tides under control the same as world weather. given enough tax dollars we are omnipotent'
b'bc i have no one in my life but my cat'
b"bc it's lsu bro. players know that if they go play for the school there's a high chance of getting drafted"
b'bob has retired... interesting having him around all the time. traveling often. stay safe and happy.'
b'bcs i took a nap earlier \xf0\x9f\x98\xbf, ga slapen jong x'
b'bday at school. just what i was hoping for.'
b'bdubs is always packed'
b'be absolutely determined to enjoy what you do. - gerry sikorski'
b'be a good example for everyone'
b'be a priority not an option'
b'bear -dogs used to roam the land in florida. bear -dogs everyone. they were bears that were also like dogs how freaking scary is that'
b'yo i love peanut butter too but that is the weirdest argument have you seen what dogs eat?'
b'i told my sister that you faved her tweet and she said " good im fricken hilarious " omg'
b'" god this person is so cool i am actually really intimidated " to " zoro tiddy "'
b'beautiful day! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'beautiful day in las vegas. great day to be alive. happy friday! stay safe and do not drink and drive.'
b'beautiful day out!'
b'beautiful day to have god bless you watching movies friday a wonderful sun watching the street face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'beautiful is an understatement when i look at you.'
b'beautiful - i very much appreciate the ginko gift. the leaves are a heaven sent blessing. 1400 years! goodness!'
b'beautifull weather person raising both hands in celebration smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'beautiful saturday, hope you are all enjoying it! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'beautiful video shows thousands of people singing french national anthem as they exit the stade de france in paris'
b'beautiful weather at the beach'
b"beauty ins't having a pretty face its about having a pretty mind a pretty hea )"
b'beauty is an understatement describing you'
b"beauty isn't about having a pretty face it's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart and a pretty heart and a pretty soul."
b"beauty sleep, because you're most attractive when you're quiet."
b"for other women's rights, see timeline of women's rights (other than voting )."
b'be back soon! have a nice evening everyone!'
b'lol yup thats your nickname from me smile'
b'been through this. later you realize you just lost some important contact. you dont know who yet but later you will! shitty right'
b'be careful sharing on'
b"be careful when 'caring ' for people who could 'careless ' about you."
b'... because at least i was \xe2\x80\x98lucky \' enough to be born with ovaries. " - peaktransmoment : my peak trans moment'
b'because ignorance is bliss. not everyone copes well with enlightenment'
b'because i have nothing to do'
b'because i am a media trained person " subtle harry'
b'because i want to get to know you better!'
b'because people perceive this as an insult? i fact he is seeing the pure truth'
b'because the closer you are to whiteness, the " better " black you are. safa yi-racism'
b"because the ps4's fanbase is full of children"
b'because you have your bestfriend relieved face face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xe2\x9c\x8a\xf0\x9f\x91\xab\xf0\x9f\x94\x90'
b'he wont be mad. she was joking! its not big deal. and personal i think that biliebers vs directioners are bullshits.'
b'their school is so social and full of life and then there is barrow high school face with tears of joy'
b"wow that's great news love you hope i get to see you soon"
b'he was so good. i was shocked. not sure about his pants and shoes though... i mean it is very cold out face with tears of joy'
b'no problem beautiful xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 3'
b"well at least you're not dead"
b'woaaaah that sounds really nice! the physical therapy person actually suggested massage! :o'
b"this is one of the best ideas i've heard in a loooong time!"
b'becky g " break sweat " in school fes crown'
b"be consistent and post regularly during your audience's peak posting times on social media."
b'bed " by j. holiday choreo by me grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'be determined and ambitious, but not out of a desperate sense of need. do it out of a love for the possibilities. enjoy your journey.'
b'bed head would not you want a lovely thing like that greeting you every morning'
b'bed sweet bed i love you so much heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'bed! thank you for all of the likes on the newest video ^^ i love you 3'
b'bed! thank you for all of the likes on the vlog! excited to fix up the interlace issue & do more in the future. i love you 3:d'
b'good i had to reread the previous books because i forgotten so many details, but i am glad that i did.'
b'bedtime, class then home to see my boyyyy smile'
b'bed time ;-; goodnight i love my prince'
b'been almost a month since i last made a track. release date : to be determined. enjoy the preview for now. smile'
b'been a long crazy week... looking forward to some hockey and tonight!'
b'been an awesome birthday with good company! thank you everyone for the messages \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'been a shitty week so this weekend is probably gonna suck too hahahh'
b'been busy this week catching up from my time out for surgery. have not had anytime for some release and my fwb is busy. pure frustration.'
b"been dreaming of her all of my life, but she will not come true, she's just my nightmare i woke up to"
b'been driving for a year without a license'
b'been feeling a bit down lately... but i felt my mares foal move tonight. now i feel fantastic.'
b'been havin a shitty day bro'
b"been hearing banging for the past half hour thinking its wind, turns out there's something kicking off near mine and i am too scared to sleep"
b'been here for like 4days.. but the way i have been losing my appetite is scaring me sad'
b'been in a shitty mood all day'
b'been knowing about this assignment for about a month, its due tomorrow and i still havent started it'
b'been laying in the dark for hours but can not sleep!'
b'been living here nearly 7 years do you think i am impressed by the snow or shocked by the cold weather in nov?'
b"been off the grid all day. it's an understatement to say that both penn st. and ohio st. losing made christmas come damn early this year."
b'been procrastinating on finishing making my cake balls for the last 6 hours face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'been really sick and just getting better now i know why one just has to say thank you god for the gift of life and good health'
b'been rolling with my sisters since this morning \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'been sleep all day, literally weary face'
b'been swervin shitty people since day 1'
b'been thinking about you all a lot lately, missing you guys like crazy! i love you \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'been to gym, been food shopping, been to costa, been to get papers, bought my mum her bday card/presents, a tshirt! nackered! disappointed but relieved face weary face'
b'ignorance is bliss unamused face'
b"before any else, i finna smoke weed, its a shame i ain't got shit on me right now."
b'before deciding to collaborate with someone on any level... at least make sure your work ethic is up to'
b'before going to sleep every night forgive everyone and sleep with a clean heart. good night.'
b'before i die, i just want to make my parents happy and proud of me.'
b'before i die i neeeed to see in concert'
b'before you even remotely think about getting emotionally invested with a guy, go through his twitter favorites. you can thank me later.'
b"before you go to bed, let's reflect on the fact that leicester top the premier league"
b"before you judge me... make sure you're perfect."
b'before you start calling all black girls " bald headed ", learn about shinkage face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'be generous with your time and your resources and with giving credit and, especially, with your words. emoji modifier fitzpatrick type 6'
b'be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play and to look up at the stars.'
b"be good to people. even the shitty ones. let the assholes be assholes. you'll sleep better."
b': peace is a dream. we live in a world that treats the dead better than the living.'
b"you've made a cover and isn't the center piece but in the corner?"
b'behind that pretty face i wonder if ya had a sponsor.'
b'i am so sorry you had to go through all that. muslim twitter is a very cold place. judgemental af! i am still shocked it happened'
b'being able to drive through miles of traffic on a scooter in is a wonderful feeling problems'
b'being able to sleep in is the best thing ever.'
b'being able to wake up next to your girlfriend'
b"being a louie comes with a great talent of being able to track and hear louis ' voice alone when 1d sing together one direction"
b'being a strong woman does not mean having to do it all on your own :'
b'being awake this early to pack up my stuff and move rooms sucks. but on the plus side, fair today!?'
b'being called babe or baby is just a good fucking feeling.'
b'being called babe or baby is love.'
b'being called " babygirl, mine, babe, love, princess " is literally the best feeling ever idc smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'being called " beautiful " early in the morning really made my day'
b'being congested w a sore throat is honestly the worst'
b'being forced to room with mother teresa! yeayy!.'
b'being gay has nothing to do with femininity and the way you behave. gay is being attracted to the same sex.'
b'being genuinely happy is such a good feeling \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'being hot must be exhausting, i am almost glad i am ugly face with tears of joy i could not handle all the creeps my friends have to deal with'
b'being in a good and happy mood is so much fun!'
b'being in a relationship with your best friend is the best wow'
b'being in exile teaches you many lessons & indeed a true test of character.'
b"being in love is dope. months will go by but you'll still always get excited as fuck to see their name show up on your phone and shit"
b'being in love is such a good feeling'
b'being in love sucks cherry blossom'
b'being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.'
b"being normal is boring i am beyond of that i am fangirl mostly normal people no idea what's that means."
b'being off both jobs on a friday face savouring delicious food'
b"being proud of where you're from is one thing, rubbing it in other's faces while making them feel inferior is another"
b"being during the holidays means no awkward dinners with his family or buying him shit i'll just burn when we break up."
b'being single will save you a thousand times more stress than being in the wrong relationship.'
b'being sore is the best and the worst feeling in the world'
b'being surrounded by theatre for an entire day made my heart soooo happy! i can not wait for convention now!'
b'being told you mean a lot to someone is just so great man'
b'being told you mean a lot to someone is just such a good feeling'
b"being told you're appreciated is one of the simplest yet incredibly uplifting things you can ever hear"
b'be kind to each other! respect each other! im done seeing all the bullshit arguments within our own fandom. love each other agh'
b'lol nicole im a smart ass i cant help it'
b'really?people are taking this to far, getting really childish! i am sure your " idols " will love you now'
b'believe both kids have roseola. well adyson definitely has it, but unsure of whether caleb does. he acts like it.'
b'believe it or not, i am actually a really sarcastic person'
b'while you tweet about your love for michael i tweet about my love for you pretty much at the same time ok then face with tears of joy'
b"thanks bella! you're awesome too! you are totally one of the best singers ever next to and rt"
b'im just in a happy mood so everything is making me laugh gtg'
b'100% can not tell if this hat is drawn on or not someone help me'
b'i love you. i want to continue to support you. from japan'
b'please reply me and we are always here to support you! xxx 6'
b'say love you to me and smile love youuuuu xo'
b"you're one of those rare people that have beautiful things in yourself that no one else has, i love youuu"
b'belle is rumpelstiltskin\'s emotional centre. the closer he is to belle, the better he is "'
b'be loving, love being. be you! only you really know you'
b'thanks for fixing my problem! beme team (sebastian smile ) finally i can use my favorite app again smiling face with sunglasses'
b'ben able to finally hear my phone after a long time is like a deaf person being able to hear for the first time...'
b'matt damon please lol. i think it may be him. with the walk and the eye. lol am i reaching?'
b'yeah, so by maybe i mean no i will not watch anything is invloved with or his wife.'
b'it was good fun! i am reading through them now since i was half asleep last night, lol'
b'bend over and work that body.. 6:30 6:30 smile'
b"ben foster is my favorite actor and i was very distressed to hear he's dating robin wright (penn?)."
b'be nice to be back at the ipro tomorrow sheep'
b'ok, lemme see what twitter is doing with replies... smile'
b'ben maller hee, how generous to give credit to the warriors. lol'
b"hilarious semmers. you're almost as funny as your sister."
b'awesome! yahoo sportacular has it 20 -19 baltimore win so you just made my day'
b'ben -walker : raindrops and sun rays (at peak district national park )'
b"no kidding. it was brutal! p. s what's your beef with warnie? just because he bleaches his teeth & uses fake tan"
b'be right back - let me just fall into my bed in peace, and sleep, and dream about winter break.'
b'bermuda college is the biggest joke next to government! and i am dead serious'
b': pach ang case tomorrow hehehe love you face throwing a kiss'
b'bernie mac will forever be my favorite comedian/actor. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face'
b"as long as it's anyone but you bernie. you are out of touch with my generation and are therefore useless."
b'and i am more afraid of a hillary potus following the obama nightmares, than anything else in history.'
b'hillary and donald are the same thing represent lies and bigotry american people deserve better please consider these tweets'
b"it's just a fantasy to believe that a meaningful revolution can occur at the ballot box."
b'"i will never tell you how to vote. if i do, dont listen to me." bernie sanders. bernie is only doing this because its forced'
b'nor can we turn back the clock and changed this obsolete 2 party system where hillary got away with stealing a primary from you'
b"oh piss off it so t affect any of us and everything's going to shit anyways"
b'please continue to discourage third party and trump votes among your supporters. many seem to think you were threatened by h.'
b'bernie sanders said climate change is directly related to growing terrorism. people laughed, but'
b'bernie sanders says his democratic socialism " builds on (fdr\'s fight for ) economic rights for all americans. "'
b"- women do not earn 79cents on the dumbass. you see, if you'd actually had a job before your 40's you'd understand economics"
b"bernie seems more keen to women's rights that hilary"
b'can not wait to make history on the first'
b'lookin forward to satday as well nothin quite like a 5. 20 kick off'
b'besides being a " credit card king, " he also was very generous to the works of catholic church in various states'
b'yeah i know i need someone to throw drinks back. drinking alone makes me sleepy lol'
b"best day ever. but let's make the best of the rest of it!"
b'is when the refrigerator is full of foods! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b": when we're sleeping and goes under!"
b'when you are surrounded by loyal friends'
b'when you meet your family after a long time. sad'
b'best feeling in the world. glad to have everything back like its 09 blue heart'
b"best feeling is when you're dating your bestfriend. but the only problem is you never know if you'll be loosing them as well."
b'bestfriend gave me her card and said do what you want smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'bestfriends do not talk shit about you... even on the bad days. remember that.'
b'the : to date the most beautiful women you ever wanted :'
b'best ideas : breakfast for lunch'
b'is just simply awesome about to take off'
b'best memories come from bad ideas.'
b'best moments happens around friends. black heart suit'
b'i will look for you, i will find you, i will kill you.'
b"first rule of fight club, do not talk about fight club ' - self -explanatory?!"
b'" you did not think it was gonna be that easy, did you? "'
b'best. night. ever \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'best of hr roundtable : the struggle with defining employee engagement "'
b'best part about surviving a grizzle bear attack is the awesome scars you will have and the stories that come with it.'
b'best part of elementary school'
b'best part of innovation week for me has been using the extra hour after school to nap'
b'best part of kona broadcast? commercial! such motivation for this new mom. now off to kill it in the pool'
b'best part of my weekends, dancing to the oldies with john holmes! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'best part of test track 2. 0 the pre show & post show. wow sounds awesome!'
b'best relationship advice : do not do anything you would not want your boyfriend/girlfriend to do.'
b'best relationship : talk like bestfriends, play like children, argue like husband and wife, protect each other like brother and sister'
b'best seat in the house good i am so happy to be watching my babies plah yayayayayyaayhcncnvmdlpwsjbc. laj'
b'best text i got in a long time... smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"best text i've gotten in a realllly long time"
b"best text i've had in a long time relieved face"
b'best thing 2016 has taught me so far is do not force relationships with anyone, if they wanna fwu they gone act like it, words mean nothing'
b'best thing about aldub is that it brings families together. now our family bonds over kalyeserye.'
b"best thing about dogs is you can act like something good happened and they'll celebrate. they're always ready to party no matter what."
b'best thing about the kremlin is the subtle hints.'
b"best thing i've ever done is ignore the people who do not appreciate me"
b"best tips for a successful meeting we've ever"
b"best/worst feeling when you're so sore that you can not move"
b'best youtube comment i have ever read! thank you for you insight and perspective anaka 3 yolo!'
b'be sure to check out our " tree of gratitude " when you visit for conferences.'
b'be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.'
b'beta convention was so much fun! can not wait for next year!'
b"she's heartbroken because you give her the serum. she's lost because she's in our world without you. i heard her asking +"
b'be thankful for all the blessing that you currently have and appreciate the blessings that are coming'
b'the final look at our hand prints! face throwing a kiss'
b'do you even know that follows you? btw i love you beyond the universe and ur my life and my role model! loveee you'
b'have fun at camp, i wish i could be there i love you'
b'i love you so much xoxo, morgan (i know you will not see this but i want you to know) 5'
b'i miss ur videos. please update one soon. i love you'
b'its already august 13 here beth pls announce the giveaway winners huhuhu im refreshing every 2 mins'
b'thank you for hugging me when i was crying tears of joy for finally meeting you. i love you beth. thanks \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"you're the best! thanks for being such an awesome neighbor smirking face love you"
b"better be glad i ain't no nasty bitch, but somehow i knew that shit was comin"
b'better get prepared to pass tht test'
b'better look closer you arrogant fuckers'
b'better not go in my room i swear unamused face'
b'better watch how you talk to me, i have connections in hell'
b'my family is so so excited to meet you! they can not wait to see lori and meet you for the first time!'
b'bet you had fun last night huh!? " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'thanks for following me awesome patriot, and thank you for your service and sacrifice in protecting our freedoms \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'do not ignore me i want the tour jacket in pink dammit'
b'happy birthday we still not had our joint birthday yet face with tears of joy'
b'thank you for the greatest show of all time!!!! never forget you are the baddest bitch alive\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb i love you more than life!!! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you are such a sweet chicken nugget and i love you baby marry me'
b'beyond excited to be playing in the state championship game tomorrow night \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f volleyball'
b'beyond exhausted is such an understatement right now sleeping face'
b'beyond stressed i do not need this right now'
b'this is really sick, do not joke about this kind of stuff'
b'lol! stop drinking all my coke bruh i need it'
b'how you doing buddy? hope all is good... been awhile. stay safe xxc'
b'im so proud of you and so excited for these to arrive. i think i can say that im your bestfriend now'
b'bianca told me that my hair growin wild son! we need to go get that cut, i said i know mama.'
b'biatch, i love food. why you no love food? " " because i love you whattt " kembang aqu hahahahah'
b'hahah they are both always packed during the day face with tears of joy & i know! i am not excited for the mess lol'
b'wtf is wrong with her neck and lips'
b"oh yeah! i have heard of that but have not really followed it. oh ha i'll check it out. lmao. bro, you should sleep. : ("
b'bici_paseos provides a good example of something to'
b'biden is the intellect of the democratic party " -clint eastwood'
b'bid is at 00 auction ending at 7pm sunday nov. 22 do not miss out on this fantastic pendant!'
b'happy birthday babe! i hope you have an amazing day! \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88'
b'bieber wore round on her sister, determined (though it was acting to enjoy you? "'
b'i am immortal'
b'when he said orgasm & his sperms blah blah i went nuts like wtf is wrong with you its just a hamburger why why you old little shit'
b'melissa i love you like a sister which is illegal in my thoughts, so a step sister then which is fine in them'
b'big banks need to come up with 2 trillion to avoid triggering another financial crisis'
b'this day just keeps getting better'
b'you guys want to know who i drafted on my fantasy team?'
b'big mention for the great who always has something interesting, brilliant and/or amusing to tweet'
b'bigg boss makes an announcement today which brings to life the worst nightmare for the housemates. what could it'
b'big k. r. i. t is one of the most intelligent new generation rappers out right now.'
b'goodnight beautiful, i hope you had good day today n i hope you have a good sunday tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes follow back'
b'i hope everything will be under control and everything is good for ss tomorrow'
b'sorry man i do not think i can, i have work in the morning and i have to finish some homework'
b'big game tomorrow night in the valley'
b"big shout out to 4 all the kind words & pushing this event that's very close our hearts! thank you 2 everyone! white smiling face"
b'big shout out to all of the tree sponsors mortgage intelligence empowered employee education,'
b'big shout out to for taking home collab of the year!'
b"that's real great for you.. glory to him."
b'big thank you to eric holthaus for the time and effort he invested in the student garden while at ui!'
b'big_two looking forward to some football and tomorrow. those for sure will not disappoint.'
b'biiiig moment! shout out our brothers & on winning at the \xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xe2\x9a\xa0\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i just have to say: it's probably weird for you --- but i love you. with all my heart. mean it."
b"it's always packed"
b"bilic : the manager apologised for sunday's derby defeat at tottenham with typical honesty"
b"bilic : the manager has apologised to hammers fans for today's result. full interview soon on west ham tv"
b"so does make america great again the way you implied it was also apply to you as many times as you used it it's a lie"
b'when you were interviewed by neil degrasse tyson and you said the pentagon was bombed was that a mistake or a freudian slip?'
b"why do you always have the exact same facial expression as my very confused grandfather with alzheimer's...."
b'i need you to fund me so i can find out how to freeze alcohol.'
b'bill had a very successful and popular meeting in brisbane saturday sunday murdoch press lnp qld 58 % labor 42 % wrong'
b'xbox i wish had it on pc but my laptop is shit'
b'& you have great chemistry. enjoyed you together on like on wine and weed.'
b'and please explain to me how in the hell any potus can change any amendment? scotus even decided on it a long time ago.'
b'do you think there is a way to revamp our society/world before it is to late? is there a person who will is standing up to fight?'
b'hypocrites. like hillary claims to be for black people meanwhile she is killing them off 1 embryo at a t\xe2\x80\xa6'
b'you are right about one thing. this election absolutely is referendum on decency & you have proven you have none!'
b"and reading some of these responses is a good example of how embarrassingly dumb the average fan is. it's sad really"
b'billy gunn failed a ped test shocker lol not shocked at all really.'
b'billy wilder to charlie chaplin - explore the eameses hollywood connections in a special talk in feb'
b'thanks! and yes i love your work! i commissioned you for this a few months ago if you remember/)v (\\'
b"oh your up north that's why, well here down south it was hottttt i hardly got any sleep coz of it lmaoooo"
b': sex is so disgusting! " procreation'
b"birds always seem to destroy freshly washed cars. it's like they can smell the clean."
b'birthday tomorrow and have no clue what to do and who to spend it with.'
b'bitch be 6 \'0 callin me cute... better add a " no homo " to the end of that ya big ass nigga'
b'bitches be crying over niggas who do not give a fuck about them face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'bitches be fronting they moooooooove weary face weary face weary face'
b'bitches be really intimidated by me. like all your doing is boosting my confidence face with tears of joy'
b'bitches get played by the dude they was fucking then turn into an inspirational tweeter.'
b'bitches have no shame face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face bitch gonna get a slap... waving hand sign'
b'bitch i do not even do my home work during the week how you expect me to do some shut on the weekend. face with tears of joy fuck outta here'
b'ha yes! thank you bro. that deserves a rt'
b'bitch i think im that nigga'
b'i am good thanks, you have a great time'
b'bitch & tina can careless about you.. sleeping face'
b'bitch what am i?'
b'bitch you do not want to piss me off. you could not handle me when i am fucking pissed sweetheart'
b'bit late this year... but everything is ready for making my cake tomorrow!'
b'bitxh you got me. the grass is never greener'
b'i love you too im so happy youre happy good'
b"so i'll assume now ptp will not win the titles for having a talented manager?"
b"blac chyna posted the pic of her future tat on ciara's birthday & future dropped the video on tygas birthday i"
b'black coffee launches fillupfnb campaign'
b"they ain't gonna fuck up if i do not give a fuck"
b'black friday can fecking do one! gonna be another year where people get arrested by fighting over a cheap tv. sort your heads out people.'
b'black girls can be so fucking rude'
b'black guys prefer white girls because white girls are more fun.'
b'my prayers are with you as well sunshine in these tuff times pensive face'
b'black men choosing white girls has nothing to do with white girls being " fun " or more " submissive " than black women'
b'black people make everything look cool - weloveblackgirls : howtobeterrell : we even got white wanting to be'
b'blackpool tower is beautiful. seen many dance competitions there over the years'
b'bl : a few clouds and 76 f at salt lake city international, ut winds are southeast at 10. 4 mph (9 kt ). the pressure is 1'
b'blakely is happy to be home good date lost 11 -14 -2015 - date reunited 11 -20 -2015'
b'got one for my dog who is named after you ( he is going to be a honeybee) does that count? -prays for an answer.'
b'just wanted to say i love you!!! god bless you and keep you safe. audition me??'
b'so love you and the person you are. my husband and i love you and hope to get to go to a concert soon would love to meet you..'
b'your generosity is admirable! thank you for your kindness and always making me smile. i really love you'
b'your my favorite country singer ever. it would make my night if my tweet was acknowledged'
b': i saw about 12 nicki\'s today... i did not bother to say hello lol " lol'
b"oh nah that's nerdy lol... i appreciate the ones who do though relieved face"
b'blaming me for shit, you can fuck right off \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b"blasting made in the am while it's raining is the perfect thing ahhah it's just that kind of mood that matches rainy days face with tears of joy i am so happy lol"
b'goodnight beautiful'
b'jeez, can not a woman lie in bed looking across at a gorgeous man listen to him say he loves her without people getting judgy face with tears of joy'
b'blessed is an understatement.. seriously so grateful for everything & everybody in my life emoji modifier fitzpatrick type 6 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'blessed is an understatement you are my idol mo crown'
b'blessed to have been on the fall retreat! had a great time with some great people and got some great pictures smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'blessed to have this man in my life! can not wait to see what the future has in store for us \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'to live in a place with real, authentic mexican food'
b"bless my mom, i'd die without that woman"
b"should be pretty easy to switch of the livery. just grab some paint for the winglets and you're done."
b'my official single for is dropping next week!'
b'we cant wait to see you guys in our sunny island! grinning face with smiling eyes have a safe flight! \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"blocked me because she could not handle the truth :'d"
b'block that ass so you know its real loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'bloody chuffed with todays purchases.'
b'bloody liars too, said they follow you if you have the banter'
b'bloody love the fact that are top of the league (and i know diddly squat about football )'
b"these gods weren't worshipped in the way wet understand religion today. i am agnostic atheist tho"
b"bluandorange : caligraphunky : younger kane's hair has been an elephant in the room for too long, and i"
b'all citizens. all races. all lives matter. criminals can not hide behind the history of their race. thank you officer.'
b"aw that's awesome! thank you, cathy! you're one of my best friends in the whole world too smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'blunts & a deep conversation with an open-minded individual'
b"but can we talk about this act of kindness from my customer? like i really do wish i could thank her and hug her bc she's amazing"
b'shit wish i did face with tears of joy'
b'i guess so but they will probably break up again right? i am trying to look at the brighter side of things ha grinning face'
b'-- yeah i am going to work at in my last day is 11/29.'
b'bobby f with the swag'
b'have to be more positive bob. i see great things happening'
b"well you should, it's one of the best ideas"
b"very nice! i have not had time to smoke anything in the past few months. which is a damn shame since it's been so nice out."
b'no chance in hell. i have been waiting on a deposit to clear since last wednesday. and have been tld it wont clear until this fri'
b"you're motivating me to open my own bank thanks"
b'congrats on the amazing little italy tasting room - amazing food, even better beer'
b'bomb explosion kills couple having sex in a car'
b'bonfire tonight should be great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'bon iver - " i can not make you love me "'
b'bon iver is playing through the house while i am just laying on my bed. have not felt this peaceful in a long time.'
b"bonnie ain't built for this shit. she can die for all i care"
b"it's going down well tonight. i think friday nights are made for drinking! lol"
b'sorry i was only obeying your order to thank you mistress i will punish myself'
b"we know you respect the audience man you proved that you're trustworthy. fuck them. want to insult them?"
b'bookshopping at night good (ps i paid for my books i am a strong independent woman )'
b'bored is a understatement'
b'boring tl only prince, mandana and oh god disappointed face'
b'bose now chatting up with dylan, he must be telling him not to tackle me'
b"both me and babygirl woke up in a happy mood today \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f hopefully it stays like that's & nobody fucks it up."
b'both our christmas books are on this list! good'
b'bought a mahogany teakwood wallflower for my room and now my whole house smells like men'
b'bought marvin his 3 month membership today and then went to a 5 for 25 sale at urban so i guess today was successful'
b'bought some fruits, so yummy, the first thing that i usually eat in the morning. stay healthy, my dear friends! smile'
b'bounce with me bounce with me!?'
b'bounty killer pokes fun at the greatest one night reggae event on the planet.'
b': please rt the synergy of success, build a business relationship with "'
b'bout to walk on stage but heavy heart for people in paris.. no words do justice. prayers tonight with you'
b'they talked about her many times... i can not say all in here... you need to watch it by yourself'
b'hilarious. you calling yourself mean. very cute kid! i gotta start harassing my sister. i wanna be an uncle.'
b'boys suck focus on school & get ya money up bby girl'
b'boy this is going to be an adjustment. good thing i am a great morning person!'
b'but whateva i black heart suit all da songs & im super excited'
b'i started hyperventilating, i could not handle what was coming loudly crying face'
b'boy you can call my phone at 4 in the morning, boy you can ride shot gun everytime i am rolling'
b"that's awesome (genuinely ). i've seen how much you struggle on here so definitely something to be proud of white smiling face xx"
b"yet thinks putting businesses into a 'blind' trust run by his kids is the solution! voters are blind if voting for him!"
b'you almost had me on that one before you said not'
b'i only have one thing to tell all you boys for tonight.'
b'brad just trynna enjoy a smoke and got locked up. shame on that lawyer!'
b'correction. the cat was running along side the road then almost ran in front of the car. i did not try to hit it!'
b'i wish i was more like her...'
b'imy to come to the game next week! lol'
b'brain says he will not be making anymore transfers sad'
b"idk i couldn't get into the second season the first was great though maybe i'll give it a chance again"
b'good im so happy for you'
b'i 3 you kitten! thank you sweetie you are an absolute joy and i am so glad i met you smile'
b'i actually just went to vic by myself because i had nothing to do smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'brand new and waiting for you! do not miss out on this opportunity, an amazing home with spectacular views across'
b'brand new baby brother another big one in the family 9 pounds 11 welcome to the world vinnie'
b'brand new eaton compressor 8 hp 60 gallon honda gas drive - electric start'
b'oh yea cuz last time we had this weather there was an earthquake -_-'
b'thanks for following! love your cover of some nights! xoxo'
b'" i guess you\'re right. " he pulled out a picture of windy dangling by his foot from a tree branch covered in feathers.'
b'bravo is literally playing with fire'
b"i've watched you since you were a freshman at wayne. following you for the last 8 years was unreal. thanks for being a buck!"
b"braxton miller plays his final game at ohio stadium saturday, something urban meyer isn't looking forward to."
b'i am negative by nature expect the worse then be happy when they do offer if they do'
b'brb gonna finish doing me homework'
b'breakfest was a1 today'
b'breaking a hymen while riding a horse does not count as loosing your virginity btw'
b'breaking : bomb explosion at redeemed church kills 6'
b'breaking : grass is greener'
b': glenn\'s fate revealed on \'walking dead \': it\'s been a long few weeks for fans of " the walking'
b'breaking news : investigation is ongoing on a fire that claimed 4 tuesday night. preliminary investigation shows it was intentionally set.'
b'breaking the cycle of with online stress management classes at'
b'breaking the rules'
b'break out the \'n gear - rain arrives late tonight into tuesday, 1 " to 3 " expected'
b'they did everything to keep him out, but allah says truth always prevails.'
b'you know i am not gonna flat out tell you and just say say you need to watch the next episode lol'
b'bitch... so then you just braid your hair down and leave a teensie bit of your hair out in the front to blend?'
b'breathing feeling good this morning'
b"wow you're such a good friend sticking up for her"
b"cambria i love your night routine! thanks for making a great video even though you've been really busy! your very awesome"
b'hehe i love you face throwing a kiss'
b'breezy morning in atx with awesome weather rolling in. this is what makes it running worthwhile.'
b'would you mind giving me updates re : the game?! i want to know... thanks, branden! hehehe! love you! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'wow weeeeee. great decision " dont hold back'
b'brendan rodgers to real madrid? he is a fluent spanish speaker and is a fan of the free flowing football that florentino loves'
b'shocker. were the ops trying to get it dueling? they tried to get the second half of my ride to duel, but failed.'
b'ikr i can not wait i am so tired of school'
b'how you gonna charge your phone or anything? confounded face'
b'used to sit in the east end zone with my dad to watch games while growing up.'
b'lol that sounds familiar. i am just watching the warriors game chillin, so not that bored'
b'how she twisting her lips and the bang lol'
b'not all of it. i kept waking up and falling back asleep. plus i saw that stats and highlights okay neutral face'
b'but they got some of the rawest beats in the game and they be hollin so it go lol'
b'could you explain how you think " slut " any more dehumanizing than mocking guys for not being able to get laid?'
b"ha tomorrow might be another story but she's never been a fan of anything cold so i am not shocked."
b'exactly why i can not wait to be out of highschool.'
b'if you say so bestfriend'
b'lmaoo ohh the bus, i do not even know where i can get on one'
b'why am i forbidden to follow you?'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy my credit card has a credit limit sooo grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"after watching room and short term, i can say confidently you're the best actress alive. keep making awesome films! you rock!"
b'bright side is neymar or messi will have to have this summer smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"brilliant game of football - it's 0 -0 at half time of tune in to the second half :"
b'brilliant gig at southwick social club tonight! thanks to all who came smile \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'bring back my blue hair'
b'bring back our trophy. come on mates'
b'bring back playdium crying face'
b'bring back the summer so me and can tan nude in my backyard face with tears of joy'
b'bring back what once was mine.. balloon'
b'bringing up racial ethnicity in sports debates does nothing for your arguments. it really does not love you man but common man'
b"brings back \xe2\x80\x98happy memories '"
b'i think so. i do not remember him being very good though.'
b'britain will be in eu forever : brussels boss juncker scoffs he will never let us leave'
b'british people are amazing and very entertaining x ). hopefully visiting with my sister soon xx'
b'could... you literally tell your boys that you are being hugged forwarded by adam lewis in colorado'
b'love you as much as you love each other'
b"good morning britney \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f\xf0\x9f\x91\xa7\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb6 hope you'll be smiling smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes from the time you wake up till you close your eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love you xo \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x95"
b'hi britney follow me on twitter, love you new album glory, is perfect,'
b'i love you girl but damnnnnnn. i am gonna stick to listening to your album. key word listening.'
b'i love your album soooo so much! it makes me so happy and want to dance lol'
b"i love your new album \xf0\x9f\x92\x9c\xf0\x9f\x92\x9c\xf0\x9f\x92\x9c the queen is officially back! i've been a fan since"
b"its a miracle if u'll notice me, i love you so much"
b"love you blue heart i'll never get over this"
b'mb running and jogging is better than hikes eliminate more toxins if it helps maintain body mind and soul more healthy sibebe'
b'our life our queen our joy our sun our idol our love is love you britney smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with closed eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'no britney we should thank you for an incredible performance. we love you so much. a night to remember 4 sure heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b"not for your beauty or fame, those are a big part of you. but for the person that's inside of you, your a 1 in 100 million"
b'" oh shit " was just my response to this photo!!!'
b'original make me video better be one of those things.'
b'still waiting on the day when i log in & scream my lungs out seeing you on my followers list'
b'that in the near future people will not be able to put themselves out there unless they are going to respond because of you'
b'this one is the best second album of you ever heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'your very sexy in the video i love you'
b'do we know how to clear a room or what?'
b'wow he never does that...'
b'i am super excited for your daily uploads in december'
b'kobe is worse than russell on defense, and is a negative on offense.'
b'here is my best toby determined voice. hope you enjoy.'
b'bro i love going to school seeing all my friends and shit cat face with tears of joy'
b'broken leg problems. going out for tea tonight and no other trousers fit apart from old baggy jeans. a genuine case of nothing to wear!'
b'ignorance could be bliss, but as elo sang, do not walk away'
b'bromance is the key'
b'brookes : saints players never doubted warriors could be beaten'
b'happy birthday brookey \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8, have an amazin day my darlin. love you lots xxxx'
b'broo my shit had to be so funny i was a child lol'
b'brother just shows up at my work smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'bro you ended that dudes career with that hit'
b'do not trip yall. season 2 in the works face with tears of joy'
b': 5 shutouts tonight glad the nhl got that lack of scoring problem under control'
b'bruh he just slappin the shit out of everyone lmaoooo'
b'bruh im so dead loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'bruh im tired of hair i need a trim and somebody to braid me cornrows.'
b"bruh people really be leaving the house and smiling with friends and taking pictures and shit, that's incredible to me"
b'bruh physical therapy was rough today!'
b'bruh these little mama memes got me weaaaak. done had me rolling all weekend some suck but some funny as shit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face'
b'brunch then workout, then workout, then workout, then eat again ahah'
b'you really made my day by following me. i was never followed by a celebrity before & appreciate it very much'
b'i heard. your version of all i ask and it was amazing'
b"i am like still madly inlove with you & its been 7 years now (-':"
b'your mom loved you, and she still love you. and we will love you forever.'
b'bruuuuuuuuuh the epitome of black mothers right here. lmfaoo " and guess what? you finna get a mf ass whoopin "'
b'good stuff! i no cant wait for the season to start! nice one! we will sort some dates and see wots best for you guys!'
b'no sir i have not. he does a good enough job scaring himself on his own.'
b'lmao not you bestfriend loudly crying face'
b'which means i will totally not avoid obvy.'
b'bryson tiller-two hearts been stuck in my head all damn day well the ending like dammiiittt \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\x99love his music shit'
b"thanks you basti. we love you and want you to stay. you'll surely get your chances"
b'i love you so much. i am glad you are respecting your talent and drawing boundaries. come to mls. much respect here.'
b'b*tches be like " forever alone " when they texting 40 n *ggas, fucking 17 n *ggas, and dm \'n 23 n *ggas, you might be alone but yo pussy ain\'t!'
b'i love you so much hehe'
b'bts this morning shooting with such a great start to my day! issue'
b'btw, i saw it was great, though it felt like they cut a 6 hour movie in two, and i felt it was a bit anticlimactic,'
b"okay not hoes just bandwagon memo i'll write that down for next time lmao"
b"btw, we're not comparing ourselves with other uni (s ). we just wanna give our best for everyone. that's all smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i really need to watch what i say lol. but it's good to hear i am not the only one. i'll text you next time lol."
b"they're a very good are &b (i guess that's the right genre ) group from like the 60s and 70s, v nice. look them up, you may like them."
b'buckle knows when i am trying to pay off my credit card because every time they increase my credit limit unamused face'
b'bugger " does not do it justice... first fleetwood and now marseille. oh joey!'
b'building a c2 structure in schools can help continue the important conversation at the community level.'
b'built a new night stand for my room going with the rustic look. i off set the top a little to give it a cool look.'
b'i dont even consider you the passive person you be getting on my shit on the time'
b"on me! that nigga's breath would smell like shit at 7 am in the morning. like, i do not get it face with tears of joy"
b'shit why not that means i got people following the movement raised fist'
b'bulls gonna stop gsw winning streak tonight boy'
b'bullshits always ganna be bullshit'
b'bullshit you a mfn lie, you built on hoe shit.'
b'bulls will hand the warriors their first loss of the season and break another winning streak.'
b'bull was really bms this morningg'
b'bullying is no joke! nov16 -20 is stand up & be a good friend'
b'bummed to hear some " i\'d vote but i am not 107ist ". i am proud to be 107ist. love to hear from folks on what\'s not working'
b'bummeerrrr i forgot to wear my dr. dre beat headphones to class today'
b'bummer, that means will have a dark cloud hovering over it all beginning in summer, on bright side, not tx.'
b"there have always been some wars in the world all my life, i used to pray for world peace but i think it's an impossible dream"
b'bunny mack - my sweety my sugar (let me love you ) - this goes down at hall parties'
b'i can always count on my soul sister to appreciate my hilarious memes 3'
b'i am supposed to be watching a tv show right now so i can not respond to ur dumb videos'
b': i have too much fun using jedi mind tricks. now that is just fucking hilarious.'
b'burnt the shit out of my hand, not fun'
b'burnt the shit outta myself today but had fun doing it.'
b'bus explosion kills 13 presidential guards - caught offside'
b"bush couldn't make it to the gop convention because he's too busy trying to blow up the levees in new orleans again."
b'it was a good roast if it made me cry gg'
b'i eat fish any day of the week. what a stupid comment'
b'it was either money or influence, little changes in this world without one or the other'
b'which is why he wants to write books like not appear in too many commercials other than'
b'i praise everyone who is peace-loving and wants to help improve the world. in the end shouldnt give a damn whether someone is'
b"japan's industrial output resumes slide, sinking 1. 2 percent, amid weak global... - washington post"
b'business meeting was successful relieved face now to get my pedicure done i need a massage!'
b'business strategy (the brian tracy success library ): business strategy (the brian tracy success library ) by br'
b'i go to races with a 28 year old & confuse him with references to losers/winners i backed before he was born..'
b'busy morning dealing with two offenders who were arrested after fighting on hanley town centre. both charged & bailed to stay out of town.'
b'busy night in work... sheesh! bed now then to our babyk! (gotta stop callin her that... she starts school next week! ) sad'
b'but also probs being a disappointment to my favorite professor face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'but anyway, onwards and upwards.'
b'but anyways i cant wait until black friday ha getting something nice hopefully ha'
b'but can beat them hands down in dumb charades. rt can not get into slanging match with political leaders : pm'
b"that's awesome smile"
b'.. but down in miami the weather gets extra hot down here unamused face'
b"but everything that glitter ain't gold, the grass ain't greener i've been told"
b"but guess who's going to go back right away to get it pierced again? me"
b'but happy birthday to my baby i hope you have an amazing day sunshine face throwing a kiss ~k 5 seconds of summer'
b"but how many people would rather see former cia director j. woolsey hanged by the neck until he's dead?"
b'but i can beat you at swimming'
b'but i did that tho \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8 can not believe i am a marine i am too blessed thank you for all the support and the love'
b'but im in a party full of children.'
b'but in another life, i will make you stay.. so i dont have to say you were the one that got away \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'but instead i feel like i am one of the strongest mf standing. do not shit phase me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy built to last and i am not talking ford'
b'but is it too late to try?'
b'but is this subtle deceit by western arms dealers or stupidity of govts who are swayed by them?'
b'but i swear to god if my fucking history teacher gives us a stupid question for the essay i will lose my shit, i already hate her and one'
b'but it also reminds me how much i love school and international relations... incase i start to forget. neutral face'
b'but i think his free flowing football would over come the physical side of it but was not going 2work'
b'but it is seriously hot down here were probs gonna get 40 *c this weekend sad'
b"but it's my sisters party so i do not want to ruin that with my shitty day"
b"but it's not like i wanted to skip, i hate missing class"
b'but it was saturday night, i guess that it makes it all right.'
b'but man, if your soul asks for something that you truly need, the universe will have you.'
b'but my attitude savage is shit'
b'but nothing is flowing then. free flowing football from the super eagles now'
b'but now ima be on my nigga shit... say what you need to... it could be " how was your day " ima be like wym?'
b'but on a real. i go out at weekends and think somethings not right misting something'
b"but on the bright side, guess who's going to boston this summer!"
b'but on the bright side look what i am listening to 5 seconds of summer'
b'but on the bright side there are 28 weeks 3 days and 14 hours until summer'
b'but seriously you should all go to sleep smiling face with halo x'
b"but she always tries to have a conversation while i've got junk in my mouth and i can not talk"
b"but sometimes i also think that it's not wrong of a couple to scumb to passion! so, i judge that moment, but obviously do not hate it!"
b'butt grabbing when being kissed... yessssss'
b'but the boys have never laughed so much in an interview thank you'
b'but then i laughed because i remembered michael went clubbing the next day'
b'but there is a lesson you learn that they do not when you have to learn to do it for yourself. heavy black heart'
b"but they hardly get proper controversial on this show. but let's see sha."
b'butt hurt gamers are crying in the comments cuz no bo2 for the rc.. face with tears of joy'
b'is an absolute joy to watch in this kind of form cricket bat and ball'
b'but uk beliebers on the bright side the purpose tour might be in our summer holidays \xf0\x9f\x87\xac\xf0\x9f\x87\xa7\xf0\x9f\x87\xac\xf0\x9f\x87\xa7\xf0\x9f\x87\xac\xf0\x9f\x87\xa7'
b'but you people who smoke 2 packets a day, if you can carry cigarretes with u, you can also carry mints too! us receptionist can not deal woo shame!'
b'but watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.'
b'but watching you stand alone all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow one step closer a thousand years'
b'but we know this could never happen... lol!'
b"but... what's the slot on the right for? do better"
b'buuuuut i love the fact that i am finally home smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'buying panties at pink can be so annoying bc once you think you finally got some w/o writing on them you check the back they say shit like " eat me "'
b'buy me records and write me love letters and send me flowers and go on coffee dates and watch the office with me'
b'buy your goddamned larkin hype train t -shirt already. you have no good reason not to.'
b'by definition, grace can not be earned, yet i constantly try to earn it like grace is mine to take and god still lovingly graces me.'
b'bet. wife want a new dress for this lil shindig. looking forward to it.'
b'by investing in people today and giving ontarians the support they need to get the right skills and the right'
b'- i drive drunk = i get arrested. i vandalize = i get arrested. fighting for unlawful acts to be " okay "? huh.'
b'by me christmas sock, fuzzy socks, and fuzzy christmas socks and you can get a hug'
b'by showing the hand sign, it means that she is strong and brave enough to hold the oxygen pump and do all by'
b'by the looks of my house this morning everyone had fun last night face with tears of joy'
b'by the time i get home i scan but do not really engage i just want to zzzz'
b'girly. you just need to watch what you say. some people do not take it as lightly as others.'
b'she isn\'t " launching her solo career " she\'s still in fifth harmony so stop'
b'cabin in the woods udah release!'
b'cafe del marr provide you with an excellent menu, sit outside and enjoy the sunshine!'
b"cailiin asked : i've been following you for less than a day and you're already second in my tumblr crushes at"
b'caitlyn can you come to 200 and speak to a resident. " goes to 200, " whatcha need sweet pea? " " oh i just wanted a hug. " smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b"it's fine i'd definitely rather be learning discrete math"
b'so happy for you and so glad to hear of your good experiences!'
b'one person in all these photos recently is pulling a nice reverse flash imitation ha love it! cant wait for'
b'was being a downer this morning. i text her morning she told me to suck her penis sad'
b"calculating how much gas money it'd cost me to drive from here to ca and it's about 450 one way sigh"
b'thanks for sharing the real kwells, have a great friday smile (insight by'
b'caleb rivers || pretty little liars'
b'when you post a pic at peak time and it does not bang'
b"it's a long process but i used youtube mp3 converter and downloaded it, and synced it to itunes. do you get all of that?"
b'call in 646 -478 -4372 & join us in the chat room as we chat w/ author on'
b'calling girls needy eh, he keeps it classy'
b'calling me a chimpanzee bitch where?'
b"calling one direction 'rock ' is an insult + an absolute travesty on the part of your publication"
b'calling this epic would be an understatement!'
b'call lil good good pistols automatic foolin'
b'call me a masochist, but i really wish my classes were harder. i cant wait for cellular microbiology and ethnobotany next semester'
b'" really excited to play k -state, old big 12 rivalry. my whole family will be there. "'
b'we gonna do another one tho lol'
b'our coach had to play today too, stupid shitty cup rules, could be worse, skirlaugh lost 6 -7'
b'good night calogero \xf0\x9f\x8c\xbc\xf0\x9f\x92\x8c\xf0\x9f\x8c\x83 i can not sleep now l should study \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xe2\x98\xba'
b'calsgang : im laughing so much i just got back from shopping and i saw the nerf gun lying behind the sofa'
b'are you aware that you are a 2x gold medal swimmer'
b'goodnight beautiful. love you smile'
b"hi love, i know it's still early and you're asleep, but i love you and want you to know that black heart suit"
b"i can not wait to see you on friday hope you're having a great time on tour love you"
b"i dare you to read throne of glass. if you finish it, let's discuss the cool things that happened in the book."
b'if i ever get a puppy i am straight up naming it calum/hood'
b"i hope you're doing great and getting enough rest, bub. can not wait to see you perform again. i love you."
b"i am proud of this drawing so i show it to you. isn't it cute?"
b"i really love your new profile picture, i think it's the best you ever had"
b'i would love for you to reply to my message on facebook'
b'lol nash is fabulous it suits you well cuz you be all about that bass love you cal have fun with the new bass'
b'not to sound really creepy but i could watch you and listen to you talk for years.'
b'thanks for helping me get through suicide thoughts and depression without you my life would be empty thanks for saving my life'
b'thanks my camera roll is literally filled with this beautiful creature'
b"two week 'hiatus' and that hawaii was fun to explore. i love you endlessly and you mean the whole world to me."
b'why have not you noticed yet? she absolutely loves you'
b"you're so talented. i am so proud of you. you're amazing. i love you so much."
b'bang bang eh a musica da anitta ne 5 seconds of summer'
b'calum has his nails painted black, what a day'
b'it took real gut to stick it out, a true test of character it felt like'
b"thought i'd share a pic of you and my mum who you met in costa this afternoon she said your lovely!"
b'feat " this is what you came for " music video has reached 3m likes on youtube!'
b'i have tried to tell more than one thing. i can not even speak to people.'
b'looking in good you man much style ok hand sign oh yeah'
b'still waiting on the day when i log in & scream my lungs out seeing ur profile saying " follows you " heavy black heart'
b'came home to a full fridge of heineys and stellas, mama dank is a saint smiling face with halo'
b'cameras on tha spot so you know its real'
b'2/10 you bright my world like nobody does you always make my days better when i am in my depression everyday i worry to much'
b"awwwww you're such a good friend though"
b'cam, i know that your birthday is tomorrow so i just wanted to let you know that because of you i dont have any panic attacks'
b'can not wait till ur show come out and till i start the vlogs'
b'continue with ur original channel because i love all ur vids'
b'happy birthday to my husband. you are the reason of my smile. thanks so much crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b'do not change for anyone. you are perfect just the way you are, funny,caring and goofy. i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x98'
b'good because patience is the key. god will put everything in its place like it should be. i love you cam \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x98 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good morning, how are you today? i just want to say thank you for making me smile everyday. your the best just remember that.'
b'goodnight for you and good morning for me sad i am going to school love you'
b'goodnight i love you wish i could meet you but im still waiting ill always have ur back and when you fall ill be there to catch you'
b'ha she bad just came on my playlist and im dancing like crazy whilst trying to do my homework lol this is what you do to me'
b'happy bday to the most gorgeous and kind person in the world. ily to the moon and back literally \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f +22'
b'happy birthday! i hope your day goes great! do not let anything or anyone ruin it, because today is your day! love you! \xf0\x9f\x92\x95\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x89'
b'happy birthday love you lots you make me smile made this for you of evary i had screenshot off you ly \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f earth globe europe africa face with tears of joy'
b'happy birthday my boy sparkling heart have an amazing day and enjoy your day\xf0\x9f\x8e\x89\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82 te amo muchisimo cameron'
b'hi i am i to the point of view and'
b'how did it end up like this it was only a kiss it was only a kiss'
b"how is it you're birthday it's the 7th i thought it was tomorrow?? unless i confused it with someone else"
b"i am still at school, wait for me i'll be back at 2pm and i will cook for ya. miss you already boy x"
b'i can not wait to meet you... i love you so much, never forget'
b"i feel in love with you, because you loved me when i couldn't love myself. thanks for everything. i love you so much."
b'i get surprised when i listen that you like spanish songs on your snapchat story\xf0\x9f\x92\x97i love you\xf0\x9f\x92\x97'
b'i hate that i still love you even though you ignored my entire existence'
b'i just woke up \xf0\x9f\x98\x8afor me is almost 7 am and i think for you is almost 12 am right? anyway have a good night face throwing a kiss i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love how you record only half your chin and up irs so cute'
b"i love how you talk to your mother on the phone... it's so cute... i love it... heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b'i love you so much i am going through a tough time and it would mean a lot if you text me. please respond i love you so much!'
b'i love you so much blue heart you are an inspiration in my life. \xf0\x9f\x92\x99and even when things are bad i will love you no matter what'
b'i am going through very bad day indeed, it would make me happy this weekend?'
b'i am in the notification squad and i am one of the people to like first smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes kissing face with closed eyes face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b'i am sure the vlog was still just as great xo'
b'in 6 seconds of vine, 10 seconds of snapchat and 5 minutes of youtube videos you can make me the happiest person in the world'
b'lol it is a phrase that my mom all the time says, have a great night! i love you.'
b'love me like i love you please look at me as i look, hold me as i wish.'
b'me omg im so excited for magcon love you!!!!!\xf0\x9f\x98\x98'
b"oh my gosh well thank goodness everything is okay & it was only a dream. you're such a good friend cam \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'please follow me cam i love you more than the world. i love you more than anything. not enough words to describe you \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x97 kissing face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss kissing face with closed eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d.'
b"please make it be good news! not news that will break my heart, i've had enough heartbreaks for the last 6 years man"
b'please so cute skpy name is sadiqa. didi \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i will be sorry if you do not call you are my big dream fans'
b"pre birthday tweet happy birthday heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e love you so much. you're the greatest ever"
b"that's really ironic cause i was having a bad day then someone (@fifth_mendes ) made my day so much better. perfect timing"
b"that wasn't the reaction i was hoping for confused face"
b'we are the same age. i am 2 months older then you but still love you'
b'we can not even wish you a happy birthday if we do not follow you bc people mistake us for posers, what a fucked up society\xf0\x9f\x98\xa7'
b'when you are in math class and you have no clue what the teacher is saying'
b"when you're trying to sing but you do not know the lyrics..."
b"who you & rachel eyes that would've been cute if you two dated"
b"wish me good luck, today it's my first day of school damn"
b"y'all better notice me sometime soon it's been a good 3 years of waiting ok luv you"
b'yes babe, we know it! i hope you have a great day \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love ya'
b'you are so inspired today relieved face i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f and thank you.'
b'you is world : earth globe americas my is world : cameron dallas'
b"you're such a good friend"
b'your such a lovable person'
b"though i met you and meet your band for my tweet to smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat i loved it. i think it's one of my favorite bands right now."
b"hey lovely human, i'll always support you, no matter what.. do all the things you want and do not let anyone stop you. ily"
b'hii bby i love u, hope ur havin a great day'
b'i hope youre having a great day! \xe2\x99\xa1 is amazing & im so excited for dizzy symbol follow me? \xe2\x80\x94 21, 451'
b'omg i loved this video so much i am crying right now'
b'when does this video come out? i cant listen to the song, stupid android phone'
b'lmao i love you. i was really intimidated tho. like i am 99 % sure that was drake lol'
b'look what about was my last high school english exam today... great way to start the hmm? face with stuck out tongue and winking eye \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'camouflage elastic band rain sun umbrella hat 13. 4 inch long green'
b'since the release of has to be the next single, right?'
b'canada mosque intentionally set on fire'
b"canada's oil and gas advocacy group says it will drive technological innovation ahead of paris conference."
b'not really. sec does this every year'
b'stuck in the past i guess'
b"canadian embassy in washington, dc, it's quite an impressive building and was recently awarded leeds silver rating."
b'can already tell this is gonna be a wonderful senior year'
b'can a man pamper a woman without her getting spoiled? or is it inevitable?'
b'can april 26th come any faster please'
b'canary in the code mine. can miners really learn how to code? " great article.'
b'cancer is a disease that involves uncontrolled mitosis. hopefully, researchers will eventually learn how to turn'
b'are likely to have more " associates " than actual true friends.'
b'can democratic socialism pass the electability test? it already has'
b'can d\xc3\xbcndar announces he is stepping down as editor of turkish paper'
b'i can certainly have a rep reach out to you anytime after 6am est to check this for you. what time is good for you? ^ne'
b'can feel the feet pulsating... slow one... because my resting heart rate is circa 45bpm'
b"can he just hug me to forget all the bad things we've been threw weary face weary face loudly crying face"
b'can i connect from the depths of my mind to my soul, reconnect in my dream you and i intersect, you bring affection, peace and respect'
b'can i have someone to hug now? i really can not take it le!'
b'can i hug you " " of course " sad'
b'can i join a ladies only gym, if i say " i am really intimidated by muscle-men, & i am definitely not a pervert "?'
b'can i just have a really long hug right now'
b'can i just do this?'
b"can i just say you guys need to watch youth express if you wanna lmao bc of sunggyu's reactions and facial expressions :(("
b'can i just shove this freaking up your ass like really'
b'can i like sleep for a week pls im so fucking tired'
b'can i remind you i am a senior in a class full of children who act like a bunch of five year olds.'
b'can i send dms til i get home from work?'
b'can january 13th come any faster pls'
b'can & wake up already, i am tired of just laying in the dark face with tears of joy'
b'can my birthday come any faster loudly crying face 1 month and 2 weeks away \xf0\x9f\x8c\xac\xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can never find anything in the morning'
b'can never hate on a pretty face, i love pretty girls but if you a two face puta lmao you ugly asf to me idgaf'
b'can next week come faster weary face weary face'
b"can not fucking wait to play tonight. in love with the new rig. streaming in 720p/60 fps too! who's ready to puke when i spin too much?!"
b'can not wait for lunch time i am so fkn hungry loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'can not wait till i pass my test so i can take squad out on dates \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to babysit my sweet baby trinity this weekend smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to babysit this cutie pie tuesday night smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to be at the bruins game tomorrow night smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to get home and go straight to bed'
b'can not wait to get the hell out of high school.'
b'can not wait to graduate highschool with my a. a. yo'
b'can one drink too much prosecco?'
b'can someone please explain that subtle smell you have on your clothes after you exit a'
b'can someone please tell me why it smells like poop in lebanon right now?! like seriously though..'
b'can summer come faster please'
b'can not ask for a better summer day. great weather!'
b'can not beat a bloody good roast'
b'can not believe cross country has officially ended for the season but track season should be great!'
b'can not believe i drink too much, club too much at an early age bt no regrets, atleast when i grow older, i am aware of all these shits.'
b'can not believe i really signed myself up for a wintermester class expressionless face but on the bright side i will not have to do summer classes sun with face'
b'can not believe it all started 4 years ago in highschool. i love you and happy anniversary smiling face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'cant believe i use to call you my " bestfriend " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'can not believe my last convention was md2 back in may. next weekend can not come soon enough. can not wait!'
b'can not believe this fun, amazing, lovable person is turning 20. we love you so much birthday cake'
b'can not be mad if someone does not want you anymore, lol move on'
b"can not breathe and my head feels like it's gonna explode. today should be great"
b'can not come any faster'
b'can not even go to class today so devastated'
b'can not even sleep ugh'
b'can thanksgiving break come faster'
b'can this day get any better?'
b'can not join the party until i finish my homework'
b'cant let none these " tuff " motherfuckers trick you out your freedom face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"can not move on with this ganap last night. so much kilig smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy you're so pretty & humble. i love you, miss"
b'can tomorrow just come faster?'
b"can not recall the last time i've gotten a good night's sleep"
b"can not sleep thinking too much been single for the longest time maybe it's time..."
b'can not sleep. watchin one more chance. super relate. face with tears of joy'
b'can not stand people who can not own up to their shit, like if you made a mistake fucking admit it, instead of blaming it on someone else'
b'cant trust that bitches now a days thats what they like to do lie but yeah what not they trying to do some other shit but'
b'can tuesday come any faster so i can be gone.'
b'can not wait 4 the day i actually get 2 leave this shit life (*coughcough* december 24th, 2017 my 18th bday ) & create my own w/ the ones i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'cant wait sent you lil something too.. c you sunday mastani.. lots of love and i can not wait to c tamasha'
b'can not wait for after school weary face'
b'cant wait for a nice cold this eve snowflake'
b'can not wait for convention smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'can not wait for highschool bball to start back up'
b'can not wait for high school season \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait for high school to be over so i can find some people who have my back and value loyalty :))))'
b'can not wait for me and my girlfriends to be all successful and cute and shit. meeting up every year on another continent.'
b'cant wait for summer to come around again'
b'cant wait for sunny deol'
b'can not wait for thanksgiving break smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat im tired of school.'
b'can not wait for thanksgiving break. school is stressing me'
b"can not wait for the cowboys game tomorrow it's been so long since i have seen my baby play"
b'cant wait for the days i can plop into bed with the person i love and know that pants are completely optional'
b'can not wait for the fight to start'
b'can not wait for them to announce who else will come to the convention'
b'cant wait for the panthers color rush release'
b'can not wait for this cough to go away'
b'can not wait for this world history field trip with my bff face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'cant wait to sing.. she has a nice voice'
b'can not wait tell highschool basketball games come smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait till all my friends get married and have nice weddings with open bars'
b"can not wait till he's older so me and john can babysit him \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'can not wait till highschool soccer season starts!'
b'can not wait till i get home so i can take a shower and crash tired face'
b'can not wait till i get rid of this stupid android and have an iphone again'
b'can not wait till i go back to l. a for the family holidays'
b"cant wait till next week when i'll be able to relax in a nice bath."
b'can not wait till this cough is gone. all i wanna do is drink wine all weekend'
b'cant wait till tim hortons is done here gonna hardcore kill it breaky nice and early at 5:30'
b'can not wait till tonight when i can sleep again. this night i was to busy with school and i barely slept. deadlines, i love you lots.'
b'can not wait til the day i wake up in the morning and do not have a hacking cough anymore'
b'can not wait til this cough is gone & my whole voice come back like tf.'
b'can not wait til this weekend tired face is saturday person bowing deeply'
b'can not wait to attend the highschool career exploration in the sports industry at the wfc & then see'
b"can not wait to babysit again. i am sure he'll need a full demonstration of how to use the ball pond."
b'can not wait to babysit bliss these next two weekends \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to babysit grayson.'
b'can not wait to babysit makayla friday smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to babysit my favorite twins friday smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to babysit my little skye tomorrow'
b'can not wait to babysit on sunday now'
b'can not wait to babysit samir omg \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to babysit the twins relieved face'
b"can not wait to babysit this weekend i've missed them sleepy face"
b'can not wait to babysit ur kids one day'
b'can not wait to be in norman for the ou and tcu game tomorrow night! \xe2\xad\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to be there for my first republican national convention! this one should be interesting to say the least!'
b'can not wait to fight these bandwagon hoes when zayn drops his album face with stuck out tongue'
b'can not wait to finish school & start my career grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'cant wait to get back to nice hot sunny england'
b'can not wait to get home'
b'can not wait to get home and have a brew'
b'can not wait to get home. coz i need to charge my phone! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'can not wait to get home from school and crawl right back into bed'
b'can not wait to get home now start sound checking my new system. booooooooom!'
b"cant wait to get home, snuggle up in my pj's with a nice cuppa \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f sleeping face"
b'cant wait to get home to clean and then take a nice long candle lit bubble bath and some to calm my soul.'
b'can not wait to get home sleepy face why is time going so slow ffs'
b'cant wait to get my life in class tomorrow \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b'can not wait to get my " only god can judge me tattoo " on my chest before i head to the sucking a billion dicks convention this weekend.'
b'can not wait to get out of highschool'
b'can not wait to get out the shocking general and into the oaks at 1'
b'can not wait to get these two tattoos smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'can not wait to get up in four hours'
b'cant wait to go driving tonight with -_-'
b'cant wait to go home and indulge myself in a nice warm bubble bath smile'
b'can not wait to go in a couple of weeks! South Sudan'
b'can not wait to go to the african american history museum in dc'
b'can not wait to go to this dance convention sunday face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'can not wait to go to work!'
b"can not wait to graduate high school wasn't fun"
b'cant wait to have such a chill break next week. thats gonna be sooo nice'
b'can not wait to head home after class tomorrow!'
b"can not wait to hear perform secret love song pt 2 live 3 that'll be the day"
b"can not wait to hit some sick shots for it's going to be a great time"
b'cant wait to hit the gym later. got alot of frustration to release'
b'can not wait to listen to a presentation about the history of culver stockton'
b'cant wait to live a nice undisturbed life with seven dogs and a gf working on a dream job that earns me a shit ton of money to see the world'
b'cant wait to live somewhere warm and sunny all year.'
b'can not wait to meet in december at the tvd convention in orlando!'
b'can not wait to meet someone i am proud to bring home to my parents'
b'can not wait to meet at the convention in march!'
b'cant wait too sunday'
b'can not wait to play tonight'
b'can not wait to play tonight after work \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89'
b'can not wait to play tonight! debuting " the black mambas " smiling face with horns'
b'can not wait to play tonight in the championship game with my favorite people \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to play tonight in this beautiful weather'
b'can not wait to play tonight!'
b'can not wait to play tonight with and! gunna be outrageous'
b'can not wait to play tonight with the squad!'
b"can not wait to post on insta for michael's bday tomorrow and have everyone at school be like lmao what"
b'can not wait to read this.'
b'can not wait to recover from this bad cough.'
b'can not wait to represent team saskatchewan at the 2016 national games in cornerbrook newfoundland'
b'can not wait to see everyone in dallas! click here to learn more about the 2015 tahperd convention.'
b'can not wait to see later today'
b'can not wait to see more stories like this! 21 -year -old delegate to attend democratic national convention'
b"can not wait to see my son's face this weekend when we pull up to the lego convention, he will be clueless"
b'can not wait to see the final product, good luck to newark high school students! via'
b'can not wait to see these girls at convention tomorrow'
b'cant wait to sell my rusty voodoo for a nice clean one'
b"cant wait to show up to school with my car pool tomorrow... he's a freshmen"
b'can not wait to skip school for ice fishing weary face weary face'
b'can not wait to switch out of ap u. s. history next semester'
b'can not wait to take my first pole class on monday!'
b'can not wait to wake up to it snowing next year \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x90\xbb\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'can not you get here any faster? come and fight me, i am the master!'
b'can you believe that people still use gay as an insult? imagine being so immature and stupid... wow'
b"can we all just take a minute & appreciate the blessing that was performance at the ama's tonight?"
b'can we appreciate this video i took of suzanne and amandla blessing each other loudly crying face feels af'
b'can we bring back even little maknae kookie? yahhhhsbnsbs'
b"can we please talk about harry's muscles? i love being dead smirking face one direction"
b'can we skip this whole " college " thing and go straight and go to the part where i have a really awesome job and spend all my time traveling "'
b'can we talk about this abortion liv & fitz. not this i love you, no i love you more argument'
b'can y\'all pronounce this shit? it says disodium, dihydrogen, ethyleneuhhhwhatthefuck " im crying face with tears of joy'
b'can you actually pass an anxiety screening test?'
b'can you be ment to have a soul mate but as a bestfriend? if so i found mine'
b'can you like 14 answers of thank you so much black heart suit \xe2\x80\x94 shoo. -mallu.'
b'can you name these seniors who will be playing in their final home game tomorrow night?'
b'can you not fucking piss me off thanks'
b'can you pass a global financial literacy test?'
b'can you pass a reality show psychological entrance test?'
b'can you pass the sociopath test?'
b'can you please make bea miller and jacob whitesides lockscreens? (like of them together ) thank you face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x94 okay -h'
b'can you see them cutting demario? probably not right?'
b"can you smell freedom yet? because tomorrow when i get home, i'll have it"
b'can you stop snapping me?'
b'can you tell me what are the title of lay solo/ost song. thank you smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes \xe2\x80\x94 you mean the one inside his movies? n_n'
b'can ziyah hurry up and come already weary face weary face weary face i can not wait to meet you \xf0\x9f\x91\xb6\xf0\x9f\x8d\xbc'
b'hates spending a lot of money but if its something they want they do not care how much it is.'
b'i support you from japan <;3 please follow me \xe2\x9d\xa4do you know how i love you? smile 143 xxx'
b'cara --real thanks for you rt -- --thanks for sharing my blog on " health scare of the week "'
b'as i was typing this tweet there was another one'
b'car bomb kills five and injures 15 in iraq as horrific security footage shows moment of explosion'
b'i swear to christ i was just about to tweet this to you as a joke.'
b'" magic " just botched a 4 -on -1 break that led to a unf 3. know your role. give it up big man. playing really well though.'
b'caring for someone who could careless about you is exhausting'
b'" democrat?!?... more like democrap! " you and ur caring about people, gays and pregnant women incl.. how silly! "'
b'marriage tip! been married 17years! be quick to forgive, never go to bed mad, always love each other unconditionally \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss'
b"whatever plans you have scrap them. there's nowhere i'd rather be"
b': " i went to college right after high school, i got almost a full box of wine in the fridge, life is good! "'
b'thank you for coming into my life and for have bring me more positivity and more happiness. i love you'
b'mamshie, are you making music videos for the songs in your emotion side b album? i am so excited.'
b'thank you for coming into my life and for have bring me more positivity and more happiness. i love you'
b'my house with alllll my friends bahahah'
b'aww you love school how sweet!'
b'arsenal lost, man shitty losing good weekend for mufc get philosophy right lvg'
b'you know better to tell me that i do my home work on her i will dm you ltr but i dont want her in wh'
b"i think the term you're looking for is crazemazing smile she was great though!"
b"ooh! if so, that'd be awesome. i really enjoyed doing this, and it was just on whim sitting there with nothing else to do."
b'carrie underwood always keeps it classy i love it.'
b'carrie underwood bags female country artist at amas - times of india'
b'carrying a back full of book, a purse full of notebooks & a soccer game'
b'carter : " i made a friggen mess " i really need to watch what i say face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'okay can we at least have subtle hints?'
b'i did like an hour ago, was checking out your pink nikes smile'
b'" it\'s nice to be back with chloe again " she said looking over at her'
b'cashew was given her first hug.. now she can not stop hugging back. my hear'
b"thank you for an amazing night and to everyone else that helped smiling face with heart shaped eyes most fun i've had in a long time"
b'cassie is back in the hospital. she didnt get more than 2 days at home. what a rough few weeks'
b'yeah i was wondering if that was going to be on the list. smile trans fashion tips for long bus rides would be awesome.'
b"oh okay, it's not a guy being creepy."
b': i absolutely love kanye\'s voice "'
b"it's a shitty day because everyone's having fun outside and i am just staying at home"
b'catching them... i dnt giv a fuck if you do, i do too jst dnt fucken get caught \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'catching up on this season of in time for the episode tonight?'
b'catch me at da latin grammys wit my connect...'
b'catch me at the cerritos football game tomorrow night supporting my boys smiling face with halo'
b'catch me laying in the dark on my phone every night \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"ha! it seems to be a popular idea. and i am not surprised you're on board. you've got good taste in doctors smile"
b'cat// my cat is so much prettier than i am tbh'
b'takes a deep breath and shares a subtle nod. a hand slowly ran along her golden locks and without making eye contact she'
b'ive been drinking eggnog since mid october lol'
b'caught between being really excited for the snowstorm and wanting to hibernate for the rest of winter'
b'cause av got the cold a need to rub that olbas oil on ma chest and sleep wae a hoody oan feel like a blacko but it smells gid an am warm'
b'cause happiness is a choice. hello there judy!'
b'cause he\'s my mce, all day this one black heart suit " : why is yo bae not your mcm/wcw these days? "'
b"cause i can not stay here, if there's no love."
b'cause i am only 15 & i am only getting better smiling face with horns'
b"cause i am so tied of seeing these tuff ass diaper booties y'all terrible."
b"cause i need extra money. and idk honestly, that's why i am contemplating. i am waiting for his ass to leave"
b'cause i really do not care.'
b'cause i would just hate to violate the dress code again.'
b'cause my body so numb, all i do is kill pain. all i do is smoke loud, put them to shame.'
b'cause that wasnt creepy at all'
b'cause we all share the universe.. we should learn to live in harmony & peace with each other & the nature. this is a necessity, not a dream.'
b'cause ya girl get distracted easily'
b'cause youre such a pretty face but you turned into a pretty big waste of my time'
b'good so happy for you'
b"interesting stuff cav - good luck if you're playing."
b'well done on another fantastic conference, feeling inspired by new collaborations and our community'
b"thank god for that, i was going to mention your personal hygiene but i'll leave in now."
b'that is one of the best ideas brought forth. suppliers would have to abide by rules equally. tax would be collected better.'
b"he is not a'mastermind ' stop giving him credit. he's an organizer & that is being generous"
b'to those who would shame we non helmet wearers i say : " spend your time shaming those who smoke cigarettes ".'
b'& both part of pension ponzi club'
b'my much loved rescue. yes you are right yoda... lol grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'ahahahhahahahaa im dying right now'
b'cbs 11: this week in college football : the best coach you never talk about'
b'a humble suggestion 4 americans. do what police ask you to do. if you have a gun let them know. do not touch the gun. simple right?'
b'between her reckless email behavior and that crooked foundation, even if elected, her problems are just beginning. totally corrupt'
b'did you bother to say that is a lie or are you too afraid to fact check?'
b'it will be the first time in over a year. trump has become famous for his lies.'
b"see the faces of what's her name behind him and the guy next to him when he speaks his so called jokes? no morals in his soul..."
b"yay, did you get to go to a show? that's awesome smile glad you're feeling good enough for it at last xx"
b'well my friend works there and it was confirmed it was a bomb face with tears of joy'
b'wow you followed me'
b'they just think you look cool. winking face'
b'my name means full of life smh'
b'cec girls hockey team with a good fight against proctor/hermantown last night, but fell 4 -1. lady jacks are young, but fast. getting better.'
b'celebrate cooler weather & the fruits of with this sangria!'
b'celebrating national vegan month at roots and fruits in leeds - superb menu, wonderful happy food - yummy!'
b'his name was " pops " in everything he played in'
b'sounds delicious. love the allergy safe chocolate'
b'city lost the moment they paired mangala and demichelis. so yeah you are a shitty team'
b'i just watched match of the day, great start.'
b'central valley meat has come under intense scrutiny, especially after it was revealed that the company is a major'
b'ceo of camping world says erik showed great sportsmanship on and off track'
b'the hazelnut is yummy, particularly in decaf, you get to taste it & feel soothed without feeling wired lol'
b"certain people aren't built for certain shit."
b'certain songs bring back all these memories & its just like woah'
b"certain us folks claim to be christian, but if you have no faith and are scared of people you should help, that's not a good example at all."
b'certification test today tired face i pray that i pass but i know i got this \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'hope you stay at chelsea. you are such a great player.'
b'c \'est weird, " just one of many great turns of phrase on the bilingual cell phone call happening behind me'
b'thank you love. i know our future is so bright. this is just the beginning. can not wait to introduce you on stage at convention smile'
b'come down for it, 3 weeks away'
b'actually i usually bring coloring for long flights and right now adult coloring books are all the rage so, good i guess.'
b'challenge for outlined by : prepare a successful 2nd high level meeting in nairobi, kenya'
b'in tonight ; " get your wig\'ed game on " done!'
b"champagne, breakfast, a walk and then some beer makes for a great start to the day. even tho it's 4:14pm"
b'champingthebit : these weather people keep promising " cold " fronts & they never happen...'
b'chance keeps waking up and falling back asleep in like 10 seconds and i do not think he realizes i am right here awake too face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i love you'
b'and his brother just released a new song " broad shoulders "'
b"changed the pitch and i'm... dead smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'channel 28/ 29/ 16/ 18/ 31/ 50 is the best channels n only thing i watch on cable'
b'i roast victor hella good you do not even understand'
b"i ain't about that short relationship embarrassment life"
b'the press are fair to him - hes his own worse enemy. most polls are negative for him'
b'juma is not fighting individuals but the character which is looting of public coffers! he is not personal. correction'
b'chanyeol is fucking gorgeous i love my boyfriend'
b'chapel a you look so gorgeous & twinkly & pretty especially & love driving towards the sparkly willow tree!'
b'chaps, i hate to be the one to break the news, but i am not sure we can get away with this anymore'
b'charge my phone and take a nap'
b'i love jersey parties cause everybody is dancing and not just standing around looking for ppl to fight like in chicago'
b'charlie & i are drinking together. but we are in two different houses. lol'
b'charlie just came in the house saying that the neighbors have just got to know his secret. he walked out of the house and yelled i love ia! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i hear the career opportunities there are really good'
b'it made my shift 10 times better, i love you xxx'
b'good job only me and you know what that means lol'
b'chat shit get banged'
b'thank you! i greatly appreciate it! peace and blessing to you and yours! have a happy thanksgiving'
b'thank you for the reply. no problem. if any players in your club who are 16 -18 who maybe interested then please let us know'
b"checking in from a manic day and loosing our virginity. it's almost friday! how are you all?"
b'checking out and ready to go home! need to get some work done!'
b'check out client videos over this upcoming thanksgiving week \xe2\x80\x94 feeling blessed at dpilates physical therapy and yoga'
b'check out " its hot down here " by joint_account -'
b'check out jwillzva new song prod. by me'
b"check out liam's cool wish"
b"check out my freq tracer tutorial i swear on me mum it's useful"
b'check out my new song!'
b"check out our blog for some great events happening at the for the holiday's!"
b'check out the half time stats from with leading real madrid 2 -0 at the break'
b'check out these 12 awesome thanksgiving traditions. what family traditions are your favorites?'
b'check out these awesome i found in store at this week! on personal'
b'check out this android character. make your own at i finally look cool!'
b'check out this awesome best of mix by listen and download it for free here :'
b'check out this awesome new best of ncs mix 09 by download and listen to it for free here :'
b'check out this great item :26x1. 5/1. 75 weinmann 519 wheelset quick release'
b'check out this photo of as wonder woman in the canceled justice league film.'
b'check out weekly snaps - 20 royalty free photos in your inbox every week'
b'check out why i love + enter to win some awesome products from the line!'
b'check this out'
b'check us out on cant wait for the release of this friday!'
b'from about and the :'
b'cheers to a successful day meeting awesome people at'
b"hey ryan! i hope you're having an amazing day!"
b"chega mais todo mundo it's the most wonderful time of the year"
b'get their first win in premier league! the start of many? what do you think?'
b'cancer song i wrote for late wife why oh lord o y o y'
b'i think it has to do with the building staying the same temperature but then the air outside is cooler. nerd tweet of the'
b"love your style! check out it's a great way to help teachers get what they need for their classrooms!"
b"i love my water bed, i do not care if they're cool or not! best bed ever! what's not to love?"
b'6) i like to think i would stay nice, but idk. big picture, what ever can be done create and maintain nice behavior = good.'
b"when will you have another netflix stand-up special? i've seen the first one like 3 times i love it but i need more"
b'chelse finally rewarded for what probably has been the greatest display of free flowing football in the pl by any team this season.'
b'chemistry is honestly the most boring thing on this earth eughh'
b'chemistry is kind of fun'
b'chemistry is not fun! face with cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'i can not go to your show in argentina bc its too expensive, i hope i will meet you in the street or something:( i love you so much'
b'i wake up waiting for listen your songs, this make me so happy'
b'i know. this sounds like though. niggas 14 -0 bummed out. lol foh'
b'cherry is awesome she brought me to barcelona and im so happy shes my cousin cause shes the best and amazing'
b'cherry on top of a great day:-)'
b"on the drive to go live in or we should keep coming back to abq for the cheap gas. imagine how much we'll save!"
b'tell us how you really feel'
b'trudeau : you know i hear this guy is pleasantly amusing and has interesting hair too'
b'it was \xf0\x9f\x98\x8ait also got pretty chilly at night so i am not sure how hiking in the winter will be but i am determined to enjoy it face savouring delicious food'
b"chicken dressing what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'nice one mate cant wait for it'
b"shitttt i should've been made you my bestfriend a long time ago with that mindset"
b'chihaya and taichi are playing in the finals and arata stayed to watch them im crying my babies'
b'omg i know you love her you dont have to say it'
b'child : mom, i love you! mom : i love you too smile teenager : mom, i love you! mom : yes, what do you want? -. -'
b'children in by supporting the homeless in their community! check :'
b"children learn from seeing what others do so it's important to show them love, hope & strength"
b"children's tv star says sorry for scaring sussex shoppers : a children's tv presenter has apologised to worthin"
b'child safety : small kids can drown in sinks, tubs, toilets and even half-filled buckets! make november a water-safe month in your home!'
b"chillin ' with a game of rock band 3. fun times to be had."
b'chill night, good laughs.. very much needed. breaking night watching a movie w/ my loves.. goodnight tweethearts :-*'
b'chilly out today, will be lighting the fire as soon as i get home for sure gotta love irish weather grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'china must move to contain housing market " bubble, " central bank economist says'
b"china's ios, android growth up more than 400 % in last year according to flurry. chile is 2nd at 279 %."
b"china watchers are about to get their next big dose of clues about the economy's health"
b'chinese food please ha'
b'i appreciate you blessing me with another verse. and best of all, glad my lions got the w!'
b'sir please once reply me'
b'chippy for tea tonight. excellence choice in my eyes'
b'thanks for the correction and apologies for the error.'
b'chivalrous meeting leads to 60 years of successful marriage for cheltenham couple | gloucestershire echo'
b"i agree with you and the rest of the mcu crew. trump will set us back 50 years. if he does i'll stand and fight with all of you"
b"hahah, she's a lovable person"
b'chocolate covered fruits are so yummy & i am craving some rn \xf0\x9f\x8d\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8d\x8f\xf0\x9f\x8d\x93\xf0\x9f\x8d\xab\xf0\x9f\x8d\xab\xf0\x9f\x8d\xab'
b'chocolate is pretty good to. i like it dark just like my roast. milk chocolate is pretty good too.'
b'ive got enuff of those balls flying ard everywhere i swear this better be true'
b'you dont have to say sorry. you are so very kind and i truly appreciate your friendship and help. thank you crying face'
b'choleigh entertaining a room full of children in wolverhampton this morning! great work choleigh!'
b'yes, revisionist history books glorifying the kkk definitely shows how sorry they are'
b'choose a telephone answering package that is right for your business.'
b'choose a wrong person and at a wrong time, will be a big nightmare in our life'
b'choose love always. visit us : -habitat'
b'choose sluts to have fun this night'
b"your friend's carefully - choosing good and avoiding evil influences us to stay on the right path"
b'chores done now time for fun!'
b'chosenprodigy " my hair is long "'
b'love this cover so much. looks like an awesome band family of rock n roll brothers smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'chris_brony : mlp__rarity65 i am not a kid i am 19 and i do not give a fuck about you hey'
b"and that girl isn't together that's why i did not post it up. i had it early but i know chris get down. they're just friends..."
b'hey you i would feel better if you called me!'
b'i love the fact that you now sound human'
b'im tryna ball witchu my dude'
b'i wish to see you i am also a musician'
b'mike tyson giving you the best advise you could ever have'
b'thank you.. it is the best gig i have been to this year. just wow.'
b'is such good example is a christian.'
b"i'd be late for my own wedding if was on telly more! he's so interesting and can be so amusing too"
b'almost liked that for the first part only... go pack go'
b'i do not know how you do it but the sound of your laughter is amazing and it brings light to my life, i love you.'
b"\xe2\x80\x93 the tweet i've literally waited the whole day!"
b"ur video made me cry. stay strong, honey. dont push yourself too hard. you're a super human being for being you. i love you."
b'i thought it was interesting (& amusing ) hearing how your thoughts process as you record the podcast'
b"couldn't be any more excited to hear the new song grinning face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes"
b'i am really sick of puffed up wankers like you. you contribute nothing positive to our society. waste of o2 & bandwidth.'
b'just getting super good at the roast. i got chu.'
b'you know what i mean stop playing dumb... why you mad then? cause she on tv doing the t -mobile booth so tf what?'
b'chris smith has put together quite an impressive and amazing evolve photo book. click on the link and preview it.'
b'bandwagon hoes go be like " exchange "'
b'visiting an old school mate in bath, roaaad trip! should be great fun. will give you a weather update while i am there grinning face'
b'worthless whore is still a worthless whore & will never amount to anything without him'
b'i look forward to your tweets. one of the few reasons i joined twitter.'
b'lol love love love you too the cutest family ever. the perfect example of true happiness'
b"what you say matters a lot more than you think it. keep on bringing awareness to such important causes. you're amazing"
b'you mean you want a president who actually helps people when their houses are above water?'
b'your tweets actually give me life. i love you'
b'goodnight bb. beautiful edit xoxo'
b'thanks for following and god bless you and your family'
b"christina millian is mad pretty & she really got on live tv just to cry about his ugly ass expressionless face expressionless face she's dumb"
b'christ i should get some sleep'
b'christmas and holiday banners & badges set royalty-free stock vector art'
b'christmas auction ends this sunday at 9pm! do not miss out on a brian may signed cap!'
b'christmas can not come faster \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love him, my favorite actor smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes and my favorite show \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'christmas gift ideas :1. your love 2. your gratitude 3. your time 4. 5. a visit'
b"christmas isn't the only event happening in london. find more great things to do"
b'christmas music started on the radio! my heart is so happy!'
b'christmas needs to come faster'
b'christmas needs to come faster, i want clothes'
b'christmas party purchases \xf0\x9f\x92\xb7\xf0\x9f\x92\xb7'
b'christmas pls come faster \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e i might finally have the chance to have a proper celebration for the first time ever this year hehe'
b'oh... well so much better'
b'all ill say is that the true test of character is when there is risk to yourself'
b"this is an absolute joy to watch! that's how you get back in form"
b'chrome dev summit summary post gives a peak into the future of the web.'
b'well, i let it slide because, for the love of god, i could never figure out how that pre-req was waived. hehe. ;-)'
b'chs names board for small hospital spinoff'
b'looking good great to see you again. welcome back. hope you are feeling well'
b'chucking a sickie when you & the daughter are sick only a bit sick backfired. now we are really sick'
b"blood pressure chuck blood pressure keep it fun attackers well that's the libs i like ya cruz trump trump cruz ignore assholes"
b'im a hoosier so i dont have to say nothing. lol but would make for a hollywood ending. like him winning the 1st brickyard'
b'so any particular ideas? what would you like me to draw of you and adam? making love on the bed? showering together?'
b'church is not an organisation you join ; it is a family where you belong, a home where you are loved and a hospital where you find healing.'
b'church was great though.'
b'today is a good example why you do not sign three free agent running backs.'
b'ciara comes up with the best ideas face with tears of joy'
b'make me wanna smoke ha she make it look so cool on the snap face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"clearly, you're a genius and i am really intimidated. thanks for not coming down too hard on me. have a great day!"
b'cigarette break on the highway type traffic jam'
b'cigarette break when yall willing to pay me millions just to suck hit me up fam'
b'or those dreams that are continuous after waking up and falling back to sleep'
b'so so so devastated i am not able to go... send me some love here in twitter'
b'cincinnati (ap ) -- lunar pioneers plan to attend a private service in ohio for astronaut neil armstrong, fol'
b'circumstances grow more intense as you are pulled in multiple... more for gemini'
b'you know me, i can come up with all sorts of silly conversations hehe// and i love bringing up past conversations too!'
b'meet : meet girls online shows you exactly how to meet women onlin'
b"you cut your hair! i loved your long hair, but it's still beautiful"
b'got the answer thank you.'
b'night with stars city of wonder night with stars thank you all for 1k followers, you guys mean so much to me i lo... (vine by lunatic viper )'
b'undefeated! thanks for being an awesome buckeye and bringing a national championship to buckeye nation. best of luck in nfl!'
b'you will make a great player in the canadian football league.'
b'this is why potential candidates need to watch every single word they say!'
b'sadly babe i can only afford monday face with tears of joy just think two more sleeps and we can drink too much vodka xxx'
b'dude yeah me too \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7 ha last night was great though \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i missed you all so much!'
b"if everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough."
b'naweeee a smile and a hug are the best things you can ever give someone'
b'everyone else and'
b"i can try my best to explain. you're going to need something that can record your screen. hypercam is a good example."
b'class in session! i love school! i love learning! such a geek!'
b'its so nice to see you updating ur bio each time you grow. cant wait for 5 " 4 wow'
b'clean car, new socks, warm sheets out the wash'
b'cleaned, did laundry, and made homemade cookies. i am going to make an awesome wife one day.'
b"cleaning eric's room while he's at work smiling face with halo"
b'cleaning my room.. am i the only one who saved newspaper articles that i liked over the years?'
b'cleaning my room for this sleepover lol lord angela better feel special because i have a lot of clothes in my closet loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'cleaning my room & i found all 3 of my mac lipsticks i thought i lost forever weary face'
b"cleaning my room is such an ordeal. it's that time of the year where i feel like i have too many clothes for comfort weary face"
b'cleaning my room made me realize :1. i am a box hoarder 2. feeling sad when i had to recycle all my boxes only validated even more'
b'cleaning my room makes me happy'
b'cleaning my room takes quite a bit of time xd lol'
b'cleaning my room tomorrow forshure'
b'cleaning my room to prepare for the exams part1'
b'cleaning our room while babe showers'
b'cleaning out the fridge. how many 1/2 full jars of olives does one family need?'
b'cleaning the house always puts me in a happy mood! \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8f\xa1'
b'cleaning up after another successful craft sale on saturday.'
b'cleaning your house before the cleaning lady comes'
b'yep shes moving down here on the 14th. even got new kitchen and bathroom stuff so you know its real lmao'
b'clearly devastated i missed r. i. o at leeds'
b'*clears my throat and blushes deeply as my eyebrow twitches* well duh'
b'clear your calendar now... joins our desk for the full hour today! you can not miss this'
b'cleveland 102. 1 started playing christmas music. i am very happy'
b'clever people make me laugh'
b') click below for a chance but hurry competition closes at midnight!'
b'click here to visit the i added my link to : via'
b'click the link scroll down to wednesday and click on ethan and vote for my bro new song!'
b'and she is so above all the haters, and she is just so confident that is inspirational and i dont have to say any explanation_'
b'for me it was the gameplay in beta, was just a tad repetitive and not as inventive. the sound and atmosphere was great though.'
b'clifton paul fadiman ~ i think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.'
b"'clinton is winning': trump's trade rhetoric starting to fall flat in north carolina"
b"wow that's awesome"
b'how much did the fire authority profit from intentionally withholding essential front line fire cover during the dispute?'
b'cl new song is awesome! must watch and hear smiling face with horns'
b'closer is better'
b'close your eyes. clear your mind. take 3 deep breaths and just relax your brain relieved face'
b'close your eyes, sip your coffee and listen to the soft pitter-patter of the rain hitting the ground. relieved face'
b'closing mosques and keeping lists of muslims would never pass a court test, but saying it sends a dangerous message.'
b'closing shift after a good dinner and hanging with my best friends.. gonna have a good night. (@ target )'
b'read book... pension ponzi to see what our financial future will look like'
b'cl released a trap song, cause guess what : thats whats popular in the usa right now you dont need to be einstein to understand that'
b"nice work! do not forget they'll be back as electron on 12/26"
b"c'mon lads, make the christmas music in ditty free. you can not expect me to pay for what is basically royalty free music."
b"c'mon you pussies guess smile i will give you a cookie if you guess it right."
b'time to drop all stocks and dumping there stocks as well'
b'actually i remember djt helping the working people in louisiana during floods while obama enjoying golf course and hrc no where near'
b'also, the world does not look to usa as a progressive country; the world looks to usa as the democratic republic it has always been.'
b"america the reason race's trump dose not want lester holt to factcheck because he's scared that the truth about the lies he's saying."
b'a mistake is when you do right thing but it turns out wrong. american wars are deliberate and malicious. human life is less important'
b"am i the only one who couldn't care less about hillary's e-mails? would she really be saying incriminating stuff through email?"
b"why are you offering me trump's campaign manager as a news source? i just discovered pbs news hour. i am out a here"
b'and yet another racist promoted as hero by liberals. look it up. history of hate & racism that can not be tolerated. remember orlando?'
b'another way of saying, i can not believe i lost. suck it up butter cup. own it.'
b'as a us citizen i am not living in fear! we started 2 wars because of fear, trump would start the last war if elected'
b'because the crybaby communist intellectual is upset black people joined the fight for america and we all realized dems are true racists.'
b'black and brown ppl are being stalked by white supremacists making america great again and she wants to talk abt the internet! gtfoh'
b'bring out the fire trucks and hoes those protesters down they have no right to block a road'
b'ryan made our country look so bad by behaving in that manner. shame on you. i hope they ban you from future olympic competition'
b'does everything happens to trump or clinton have to cnn approval fuck off cnn'
b'i think all trump surrogates on tv should have to go they all are aliens from another planet. weirdest bunch of people lie so well'
b"it's backwards they did not know or got confused???? action"
b"i wasn't there and if you knew how technology really can be manipulated then do not comment. bet it would not have taken this long"
b'praying for the victims and all involved in this terrible tragedy'
b'standing behind a liar makes you as condemned as them... i would think about that as i reported and vote... the truth is the truth..'
b'too little, too late, too insincere. your real feelings were on display when you said it.'
b'what the hell is wrong with some of you? "ew, wtf", "but why use that picture".. maybe that\'s all the pictures they have access to?'
b'other options exist for tv viewing that will be equally as awesome'
b'if the emails were hacked by via why are they even discussed, playing into their hands'
b'cnn is working to advance hillary! they are biased!'
b'unless they decide to up kids in same profession in my view it is horrible choice of profession legalizing it is wrong'
b'destroy another white guy is an ugly woman. inside and out.'
b'please stop these people when they quote its a lie that hillary talked about hair.'
b'do not let the dour hit them in the ass good riddance'
b'for those of you who believe the polls have been honest...'
b"how about it's not that trump wants hurt just wants her & washington 2 live like us??"
b"get used to those stripes, cuz you'll be wearing them soon"
b'go tell these kids that have a life now that their seizures are gone that the thing that helps them isnt medicine'
b'hold up they do not love you like i love you slow down they do not you like i love you.'
b"hopefully they can determine what exactly happened that led to his shooting. i am sorry for his family's loss. :'("
b'how many people of color are there? i only see one race of people. remember, optic are everything right?'
b"how's third place treating you imbeciles? you are hacks and no one cares what you think or report. you are liars and irrelevant."
b'id bet alot of clinton voters want to change their vote, idk why youre pushing this wont help her'
b"i do not understand how we the american people do not see the monster he truly is. it's like looking at adolf hitler reincarnated."
b'if someone offered anyone that works there millions of dollars to speak are they going to turn it down'
b'if you believe in americas laws and values than you know donald is right. if there is no penalty, there is no crime'
b"i guess they've become accustomed to being lied to! change is difficult for many, even change for the better!"
b'i know a lot of people find this funny when it really is not funny. hormonal changes are bad for both men and women.'
b'i am a lesbian and i do not give a damn. why must everyone make a big fucking deal about who they love? what difference does it make?'
b'i am glad these guys make a good wage. but it baffles the mind as to why they make so much and teachers make 1/2 or less than them.'
b'i am tired of this! maybe we (as humans ) do not have the maturity, responsibility, respect, and love of life to be trusted with fire arms'
b'ask the white working class guy we are honor driven we are not like you do not want to b you = hillary'
b"is notorious for staging bullshit! y'all have been caught lying probably more then all the other media companies out here put together."
b'is that why she is repeatedly lying to the american people. what a hypocrite. she would not know the truth if it slapped her face'
b'the movement that helped destroy the black family from within'
b"it's very sad that this country is becoming as equal of a country as a third world. because of idiots that have no respect for life"
b'i watch everyday, and so far i hear minimal positives about come on stop being unfair about your coverage!'
b"i will never understand why we can not grasp the concept that we are all one race (human). we are all the same! race isn't a choice."
b'talking about pay to play and you change the subject to trump?really?lets stick to the subject not divert from the subject'
b'am i the only one that thinks obama is smug and do not believe a word that he says he could sit there and bold face lie'
b"like he's going to say yeah we did it! lol"
b'yes & mentally ill should b separated from rest of society -we are 2 politically correct 2 do it and 2 short on prison space'
b'having illegals afraid of just trying to have a decent life that even their status against the law or not.'
b'we need to keep asking him for his taxes instead of the birther issue in which we already know he lied. we want to see the taxes'
b'but there was no problem when the same election system that voted in our first blk president twice'
b'of course they do! do your job and become a real news company!'
b'ok you cant trust what middle schoolers do. freakin guys in my middle school snorted pixie sticks.'
b'america not worried. before november hillary will be in bellevue barking over & over'
b"and it's hillary who wants to take away your guns right?"
b'this is the back door battle the republican machine is spending powerful amounts of money to win the office!!'
b"guess she's planning world war iii because wwii was the biggest jobs program of that time period."
b'has trump found a way to blame hillary yet? he seems to know all about it, kinda suspicious if you ask me.'
b'america does not need a person who is acting like a child, trump is not the solution for this job folks!'
b'cnn loves this posting! seems they can not come up with anything better. time warner having bad publicity & disgruntled viewers'
b'cnn promting lies and hate - no wonder the country is in ruins - the media is running it.'
b'damn right. why do we have to take the trouble makers too? we have our own problems here. we do not need others.'
b'he should - this is very much an issue in the american black community! i take no offense so stop characterizing it as such!'
b'marco rubio is a two face after all the crap he talks about trump now they are buddies'
b'instead of deleting gov emails or pleading the 5th? cnn knows she is corrupt yet you push this bs!'
b'i owe you m. i say f u. you say, " i\'ll cut their heads off if you do not pay up! " i pay up. is that a ransom payment? you bet'
b'i think no, for what! he is not fixing any thing in there! ja.'
b'just what come one want to have the codes'
b'nobody kept a copy of those 4 her? 4get what w/ in the emails she destroyed? should of kept the hd'
b'so wants the input from a bunch of morons? shut up until the election is over!'
b"needs to find more info on taxes. he has not paid any taxes since 2000. he's hiding a lot. why audit?"
b'too bad he did not give a better example. he has been delusional about his accomplishments, manipulative and misleading'
b"question should be raised is 'what took so long for this email to be disclosed?' judicial watch had to go to court for it. wtf!"
b'sage advice from the tell it like it is guy those of us that love and trust hillary knows her heart and wants america to see it'
b'shame shame shame; in god we trust. worship the lord your god and only him; love your neighbour as yourself. stop war..'
b'still nothing in nyc, nj and mn terror attacks... cnn staying in the bottom for good reason. cnn working overtime to bury story'
b'stop white knighting.. no one cares about your opinion'
b'the only way obama would have a legacy is if he did not support a crook like hillary'
b'the problem is their schools are sub par run by people that chase after their own betterment not those of the schools'
b'this idiot flip flops on all his so called issues. wishy washy. and he makes no sense at all. he is a loser.'
b'whenever i read the other comments, i need to punch my bag out'
b'why follow his every move?? where is the news in that? so his plane landed, big deal! will you follow the motorcade too?'
b'yeah we get it, bought and payed 4. who does not own her? oh yeah american people'
b'yes cause its all smoke and mirrors to make sure trump answers correctly and does not sound like an idiot'
b"you do not need a header to know it's s or ts info. any person can make that determination based on the content itself."
b'you would think he might want to know what his new ceo thinks & who he associates with before he hires him, would not you?'
b'potus did not go to louisiana. what not criticizing him like you did for bush during katrina bias reporting again.'
b'cnn reporter apologizes for something she did not need to apologize for.'
b'report on trump owing 3 billion in loans 2russia 4 buildings on usa soil shows in his tax as reported this summer in newspapers'
b'says the guy who tells women they should have their body banned in ads. lmao this hypocrite also says free speech is bad.'
b"she said she'd do it as senator... and didn't. she full of more lies."
b'so i am confused if the hot mic talk was reality then why would ur pig dad call it just locker rm talk? which is it?'
b"stop ur damn lies, if the 2000 election wasn't rigged for bush then no elections have been rigged. ur gonna loose dude so man up."
b'straight to the point. its only in my country putting criminals in jail is so difficult. not in the west. i trust justice will be done'
b'tell mr sorkin to look at the trump children and hope that his parenting skills yield those type results!'
b'ten years???? i wanna escape trump sooner than that'
b'that beta male needs to shut the fuck up'
b'the clinton news network is emotionally upset hc health issues " braindamage " are being discussed but had no problem when jmccains was!'
b'the example tgey are setting for their kida if they have them is well you dont get your way throw a tantrum burn things yell scream duh'
b'the hypocrisy from the clintons and cnn is so thick that you can hear the backfires already coming next wednesday morning...trump wins.'
b'then tell my dog that because she loves paper and shredding it. i show her paper and tell her no no. does she listen? no no.'
b'the only faith she knows is lie lie lie and lie some more.'
b'these are the people that chant lock her up over and over again and they are offended when she calls it like everyone sees it. ha ha ha'
b"these people have a valid point. this is about water politicians who do not live here aren't concerned. we all,should be."
b'the thing is, people are aware that this is the way you work. they think : cnn is fucking us.'
b'this along with the utter lack of originality is why i never cared for country music - redneck - time to replace him on the voice'
b'this is no game, trump is a very dangerous demagogue and your ratings should not be an excuse to allow him a platform.'
b'trump will never get the african american vote ever mostly because of some of his supporters'
b'we got to stand strong together because it makes the world a better place to live.. love our world and the people on it'
b'west dr carson are even herman cain & sure no black gop person we woulda had 2 yell them 2 show same as white woman & didnt want you 2'
b'what nerve donald trump has calling pennsylvania cheaters! i would not vote for him once never mind five times! is he paying for votes?'
b'why does what this one man have to say matter everyday?'
b"why do you feel the need to exploit these children. their lives aren't something trivial to be used as media"
b'why would you have that fraud who for yrs. tried to pass herself off as black as a panelist? she has no credibility!'
b'you are just trying too hard and still do not get it. is going to win in a landslide.'
b'you make me laugh at this explanation. with the gps accuracy available to us forces. this is unacceptable'
b'you still do not get it. we are looking for someone who can not fake it.'
b'this is something i need to know how to do!'
b'i got you - you can even ride the bus if you want... we all take lovely naps!'
b'i can drive, if the 3 of you can come up with 5 bucks each for gas'
b'cobes play too much i swear face with tears of joy'
b"please tell me this is a subtle hint that you're both coming back to the radio?"
b'smiling face with sunglasses you feeling good this morning?'
b"lmao it's so damn dumb. doing it in the shower is more comfortable i learned"
b'seventeeeeeeeen babiieeees aww then we are both pretty sad i was really intimidated by you then! you look like a d o l l'
b'loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes i love you! face throwing a kiss'
b'make her eat yo booty lol'
b'suck her dick already'
b'it looks awesome cody! best of luck to you'
b'cod mornay for tea tonight grinning face'
b"cody's giggle after he blows me a kiss goodnight and calls me beautiful every night is the highlight of my day. nothing makes me happier kissing face with closed eyes"
b'for i finish my homework friend.'
b'coka wakes up to be fed and let outside. then back to sleep'
b'hint: if you would not want to see it hanging on your bathroom wall for fifty years do not get it as a tattoo.'
b'i wonder if stop and frisk would be received better if the officer exclaimed, "wow! have you lost weight?"'
b"just wanted 2 say thank u! y'all came thru 4 me 2day when i really needed it! working w you was gr8!"
b'cold as shit waitin onna bus'
b'cold beer conversation// george strait'
b'cold is an understatement! get me home to my bae and bed face without mouth'
b"cold + open-plan office noise has diminished my ability to hear line manager when she's trying to whisper gossip at me. awkward, but yay. smile"
b'i really loved your awesome performance tonite. full of life and positive energy. beautiful. you guys are musical royalty.'
b"just remember that millions of people love you because you're an amazing person, pls let today be the day you follow me ;("
b'please understand how much i love you and how much tonight means to me i love you. i love you'
b'colifer in between takes of sweet scenes i am fine i swear i am fine i said i am fine i am fine noooope not fine'
b'os could not handle a team that they were a two touchdown favorite to. add in ms had to go to a back up qb.'
b'brings together and supports groups of like-minded people who want to create their own homes.'
b'collaboration is your fast track to great results'
b'i hope your day has been amazing beautiful! mine is coming to a close so goodnight smile happy birthday beauty i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'college gets my mind away from more stressful things in life, such as arsenal!'
b"thanks collette, i am afraid to say i've never worked at channel m... i thought it was great though and is missed."
b'i think i am getting an ear infection and my butt is bruised from sliding down walls'
b'i did not do my home work cause i was watching your younow. priorities'
b'colorado is really bad at geography (at pikes peak )'
b'exactly, you love bed when you have to get out of it but as soon as you are stuck there you are fed up. i might read'
b"come and join us for our final market in in 2015. we have a hall full of children's clothes,"
b"hey comedy central should be filling your 11:30 time slot! i think 30m views is a clue you'd have some ratings!"
b'stop fucking playing step brothers this is like the 5th night in a row, its safe to say everyone has seen it.'
b"film night in feeling cosy fire on i hope u're all having a fantastic weekend"
b'come get that at our moments caf\xc3\xa9 on holloway circus this lunch time'
b'come home to no food'
b"come join us wednesday night (11/25) for a fun evening of painting, music, and some bubbly! 'paris ' is super fun"
b'come on june get here a little faster \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'come on no one cares about aaron rodgers and his little thrust.'
b'come out, join the fun in the rain & support ur hornet 9th grade football team!?'
b'come through and be part of the family!'
b"come to australia for the loudly crying face you promised to come back for the honeymoon tour and you didn't! we love you"
b'come to the game tomorrow 2 for a chance to win a pair of tix to the bc/nd game tomorrow night at fenway!'
b'come visit grace and gratitude today 9am til noon!'
b'come watch this guy playing aw, socialises with viewers smile via'
b'come with me you yiffy piece of shit'
b"come with us they said. it'll be fun they said."
b'coming back from school to a fridge full of food is like finding a gold mine'
b'coming home to a fridge full of food'
b'coming home to a full fridge is the best feeling in the world smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'coming home to shower & fresh sheets after long day of work smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'coming into lexington and we are greeted by a huge confederate flag... neutral face unamused face'
b"coming to the playground he paused and walked closer to see kira in the middle of a crowd full of children. he'd be lying"
b'comment seen on hoseok\'s wood teaser picture : " throw a piano at my face, it will hurt less " lmao im crying'
b'really shocked by that islamist scumbags? you are making ny blood run cold be more responsible'
b'company next door uses explosives to get their material sounds like a war, i spilled tea all over my notebook {thanks }'
b"completed month of my wonderful american year today! couldn't be happier rn smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'complicated " is an understatement for us.'
b'concept : president barack obama and joe biden running around the white house, shouting " me and my friends we got money to spend "'
b'condi authorized torture. not rational either. rt : : wrt to the last question, just remembered condi rice. anyone else?'
b"it's like not carrying a jacket or umbrella when it's raining when you know it's gonna rain and you know you're gonna get wet!"
b'confession is daebak. to the couple out there please listen to got7 new song and to single out there i dont have to say cheers lol face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'so it was an even bigger shock. i just did not want to change again before i shower & get my pjs on.'
b"i love you. and you're one of my favorite people on this planet. take the day off and get your ass to the bay area!"
b'congrats barca totally deserved, should have lost a lot more with this shitty performance, even shitty is alot for it sad'
b'congrats & wildcats football team great game tonight! looking forward to watching you win again next week!'
b'congrats jason, will really miss your pens coverage and your spot on the pens roundtable.'
b"congrats on the release of 25 let's hope frank ocean joins the release party soon!"
b"congrats to katie on winning the tickets to the weekend's football game! looking forward to having you as a"
b'congrats to katie rising, swimming & diving on wildcat athlete of the week'
b'congrats to my bro on his race making history can not wait to go out there and support him in state good shit bro'
b'congrats to the cast of joseph! awesome job! \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x9a\x82'
b'congrats to westwood students on a very successful craft and bake sale to raise money for grad'
b'congrats to what an awesome way to start off the holiday week or any week.'
b'congrats ur church testimony 2moro " : even tho arsenal lost but am happy liverpool made my day by trashing shitty like babies "'
b'congratulations mr kevin terrel on your 2014 nissan altima. welcome to the family. thank you mrs jinny for your'
b'congratulations to everyone in ap gopo! this is hopefully the beginning of a long and prosperous winning streak.'
b'congratulations to patrick marleau on the monumental achievement of reaching 1,000 career nhl points.'
b'congratulations to and looking forward to an awesome season of sps hockey for both the girls and boys!'
b'connections matter 30 min video'
b'i am so proud of your teammates-and was so devastated to be at the game and realize you were sidelined. a leader nonetheless!'
b'i love being up early bc productivity but also i love sleep'
b"12 i've not actually done any the missions just built my shit up lost my power armour found more and duped a lot of stuff"
b"congratulations! i can not wait to see you at next year's convention!"
b"mate if you're gonna tweet, least make it a bit more subtle you're ignoring someone. grow up please"
b'considering loosing my festival virginity next year! but the the question is what festival?'
b'considering they reckon they have top fans, geordies boo a lot and leave early. worse than the negative cunts at our place.'
b'constantly feeling like i am not good enough.'
b'what a day for crosby! and leave him on your bench if we keep dominating like this!'
b"convention has not even started yet and i low-key can not wait till it's over. so drained"
b'conversations with dudes are way more interesting. and they do not get butt hurt when i make comments'
b'convinced erie is the most boring city in the entire frickin world'
b'lmao i swear sweet woods be darker than backwoods sometimes'
b'cooking this for tea tonight x'
b'wat else you want her 2 do? " hey i was going to see if you reacted lke a bitch but then it backfired on me and i look like a dumbass "'
b'cool shades bruh smiling face with sunglasses \xe2\x80\x94 thank you. smiling face with smiling eyes i just borrowed it from a friend'
b'cool story bro, put it in a history book with all the other shit i do not care about.'
b"cool to see how it's going. looking great. sweet cake. feeling the vibes. hope you're having a fantastic weekend!"
b'you gonna be in chapel hill for another orange basketball loss? would love to help you drown your sorrows on franklin street.'
b'coping with holiday " by on'
b'copyright claim by i think they own the radio station it was on.'
b"tomorrow is gonna be my last day to rest before monday hits. then i'ma die all week at work."
b"or worse, significant negative learning occurs - you're always teachign them - are they learning what you want?"
b'happy birthday cutie! i hope you have a great day! i am sure i will see you over thanksgiving break face savouring delicious food face throwing a kiss'
b'or could not even handle me right now'
b'corporations love the " sharing economy. " they get to cut labor costs by not providing health care or sick leave.'
b'correction :1st place in event 1 will be alittle over 155k... headed into lvl11 with 31k... we bag for the night 10 min into lvl14'
b'correction : game today starts at 12:45 pm on gma news tv. we apologize for the error.'
b'correction i need a hug'
b'correction. in the low lighting of these fields i missed it. ally in lf.'
b'correction *my life would be complete if there was an olive garden & chipotle in danville'
b'correction she did not. i lied.'
b'correction. the messiah! rt : wow! mitt is a messiah'
b'correction to a prior tweet. prosise has a high ankle sprain. i repeat, not broken.'
b"tako is always packed though and it's so loud!"
b'costa break and free wifi smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f with this gorgeous princess \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\xab\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f my working mum view frame with picture'
b'enjoy your takeaway costa at home with partylite candles from mine on 23/11 at 19:30!'
b"oh really?!? we we're trying to look at that one too. i am seriously so excited i can not believe it's not till july loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'costa lunch with mum and brother \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f shortcake'
b'costa with mum a few weeks agoo'
b'costa with mum is always the best smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'cosy friday night in? enjoy a takeaway with us by clicking on blue heart'
b'cottage pie for tea tonight. always with a spoon full (or2) of pickle to go with it! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'cotto vs canelo this weekend should be great'
b'cougars last regular season game tomorrow night in bedford at 7 pm, then off to the division 1 playoffs!'
b'could careless about you and your feelings. all i care about is grinding money mouth face'
b"could identify it. you will be fine. i love you. your singing is p3rfect. i am loving your 5tyle. i'll get you bett3r. i love"
b'could may come any faster please'
b'could not handle living with lady c grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"could not handle tonight's too many emotions but absolutely loved it \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"couldn't be happier that i do not do a creative option, could not handle the amount of work they have to do"
b"couldn't be more proud of the effort left on the field tonight! thank you players, cheerleaders, parents and students for tonight."
b"couldn't tell my mum or sister... if i did... i think they will get him arrested. i love him too much to see him suffer"
b'could this get any better?'
b"could this mean the end of pottery barn? say it ain't so!"
b'could we take some time to appreciate luke in this picture? like what kinda blessing?'
b'could you pass the " faithful " test? guys with hot wives are put to the test lol'
b'could you pass this test? via'
b'could you save time and effort in sun position calculations? --- - great for solar programmers -sun track'
b'crap i just had to google. i bet her redneck parents are so proud of her.'
b'countdown to american ed week! we can not wait to see the great things happening in schools! make sure to tweet pics & events!'
b"couple of pics from this morning's cold weather wellness seminar. foam rolling it bands and lats."
b'couples make me so happy, i love seeing two people bring out the best in each other.. good for couples'
b"coursera is really good at shaming me every thursday when i havent started this week's assignment yet."
b'couture conundrums : where to eat, stay, and shop in paris via'
b'co worker and i taking about our sugar daddies all morning money mouth face and rolling blunts'
b'cracked the front screen of my phone today, good thing is now it matches the back'
b'crack is contagious?'
b'cramming for his upcoming exam? lol check out the other photos'
b'yeah. not looking forward to having to change the bandage dressing. thank god dad is ex-military medic. his phone advice a +'
b'crappy cold doctors office hot cocoa'
b'i am sorry it just happened that way'
b"crawfis dressing.! what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b"there's no way i'd ride a scooter in jax. the traffic is a"
b'chandu ur scaring me face with medical mask'
b'crazy about white woman who love being slutty. now bring that pussy here and let my cock fill that space'
b'crazy girls be like " happy one day anniversary baby i love you \''
b'crazy how fast things can change..'
b'crazy how today could be such an amazing day for one person and the absolute worst day for someone else'
b'crazy how you appreciate everything way more as you grow up'
b'crazy in love, dancing on the ceiling " one direction'
b'crazy stupid love is on my tv rn n i swear i am smiley.'
b'sounds surprising. awww i love seeing my bestie happy with your love ones.'
b'crazy to think that my career is over man'
b'creating a whole world in a 10 -foot space'
b'creative new iroar looks really sick!'
b'credit card limit : limit credit limit one card, one limit as soon as you receive your bluebean cred'
b'credit card pre-approving my credit limit right before holiday season is no coincidence.'
b'credit card score : score : learn how credit history impacts your credit limit \xe2\x80\x93 cibc a good credit sco'
b'credit limit : card limit too low? don t cancel! you want to do a balance transfer, you apply for a'
b'credit limit on my credit card been raised to \xc2\xa31250... thank you very much'
b"creepy af that you've been hacked \xf0\x9f\x98\x81. it's not right that they're going through your personal shit"
b'creepy drawings by kids who may or may not be disturbed'
b'creepy ppl at the strip club confused face go talk 2 a stripper not me'
b'keeping track of the game while i am on the golf course... great total to defend, well done to al and ellyse'
b'please follow me, my instagram-cristiano_ _ ronaldo _ _ _ _ _cr7 i know that you see it loudly crying face you love your fans, right?'
b"the awkward moment when 's tweet taking this piss out of this gets more retweets and likes..."
b'you are always the best footballer on the earth planet we love you, united for life.'
b'your hard working is always make you the best... my hero'
b"i do not want any mf foreign parasites in this country me and my friends built. you've done nothing but eat and shit"
b"cristine, i do not mind any subject matter, it was just that i wasn't part of the conversation x"
b'i have co-workers who every time you turn around, they are on a cigarette break. it amazes me they have a job still'
b"i'd love to go out in the rain using this umbrella!"
b'hehehe sure thing love face throwing a kiss'
b"she's me dream woman :')."
b'crowd could not handle this'
b'cruz14u boys getting it done today! going 2 -0 in pool play.'
b'considering this is my last day of work bc my dad made quit, yes very much'
b"crying bc i just failed my physics test & now i've gotta go fail my calc test, go me"
b'crying because i love chapel hill more than life itself'
b'crying foreigner on judge rinder using a pathetic sob story to win the judge round. i hate it when people cry'
b'crying is like a release of all the anger and frustration that i had built up.'
b'cry me a river para los kumpas! you dont have to say what you did, i already know! now is ur turn to cry! face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'crystal palace or even watford on their day (free flowing football ) could inflict same torture to this poorly managed madrid side. pathetic.'
b'thankyou for everything also for letting me stay for a night. punuan bus e. hehe. i love you always. face throwing a kiss'
b'ctfu the jig is up! she said he acts like a ___ jr lmao'
b'l heavy black heart convention and can not wait until june for my 2nd convention.'
b'we are ending another streak tonight. you do recall the 22 game winning streak the bulls ended against miami a few years ago!'
b'cuadrado : " the idea of coming back to italy attracted me a lot, i know the football, language & the people here. it\'s like my 2nd home "'
b'hoping to slow down wazzu passing game tomorrow night :'
b'cuddling in bed with someone you love is the best feeling ever'
b"ah, i see. that's awesome. how do you like being 18? {i glance at you as i throw some things into the trash }"
b'nice very pretty fan of the movies cant wait to watch last one.'
b'cult relationships fast days & fast love? better be sure! click button, scroll to listen, and share. sponsored by'
b"should i? i'll wait till peak ig posting hour to i do not wanna post too early and only get like 10 likes face with tears of joy"
b'hahah true i forgot that was a thing it was great though'
b'cup of tea, cuddles with henry and dear john sad'
b'curiosity is going to broadcast a song on mars? are you trying to provoke them or what, nasa?'
b'current events, us history, spanish and english... my nights gonna be so much fun.'
b'currently 37 degrees & my ac is blasting... wtf is wrong with my family?'
b'currently cant move my arms. thanks julie, but on the bright side going to be in shape by summer'
b'currently laying in the dark bc no tv loudly crying face'
b'currently loosing my hair dying virginity'
b'currently reading richard branson\'s " loosing my virginity " biography'
b'currently reading sen. grassley : gop not dumb enough to impeach obama, make him martyr'
b'currently sitting in the parking garage with jamming to adeles new album, no shame'
b'currently stressing about things that do not need to be stressed about'
b'currently upset.. well more than what i already was.'
b'in so much pain. the scissors were stuck in my thumb. i literally threw up all so i could shower with better lighting'
b"cus it looks really good, hopefully it's dark like how daredevil was maybe even better"
b'summit in 2 days! meet & our roundtable is about'
b'amazing green eyes'
b'but more research is needed before this can used as a marker, expert says'
b'odds of another life-threatening event are much higher than normal, study says'
b"cute or not that's not your fucking consern so keep your fat ass mouth shut if you aint the one with him do not trip about it dumb ass."
b'cuz my body so numb all i do is kill pain all i do is smoke loud put you niggas to shame'
b'cuz my phone was going dead & i cant charge it in 4th period'
b'wish you could too so i could too. ignorance is not bliss!'
b'pretty sure a lot of people share the same sentiment. chuckles and lets you tug me along. yeah, sure ~'
b"deal! i'll be staying in whiteville nc so it might be a little bit of a drive if i can not get to you but i'll throw gas"
b'i love youuuu, my favourite blonde british actor smile'
b'about doctrines on racism, can i be given data about these facts?'
b'oi dickhead, your harmless target on your head, probably block me because your a bitch. i got you dehosted a few months ago'
b'cybersuze and when it comes to clever strategies two heads are usually better than one. so go ahead and say " hello " -start the conversation.'
b"cybersuze so much better with someone to share everything with, including taking charge of life's essentials. life's easier with extra hands"
b'cycling in the dark and rain is a little less shitty and a bit more cyberpunk-y with this in your ears'
b'need to show something here.'
b'cynical me sees the trinity -spadina riding being mostly left alone despite pop. growth because splitting it would not help the cpc.'
b"love you both so much it's smart and beautiful and the best thing in my life, let's keep doing this friendship thing!"
b'yes but kelly and candice did have amazingly outfits but sill that was cold even it was shocked they would do that to her'
b'thanks ancheta! love and miss you too hehe face throwing a kiss'
b'daaaaamn, in pasadena its raining so fucking hard! some crazy shit'
b'dad cooked tea tonight'
b'i am immortal'
b'daddy just gave me for gas like i drive a pickup truck but i am not complaining'
b'skype sex with a 13 year old does not count as loosing your virginity mate'
b'smoking weed is not cool anymore doee only not popular kids do it now... -.'
b"daddy, you give me the biggest purpose. and i'll do it. i love you"
b'dad just said he reckons i should audition for xfactor'
b'dad just woke up, walked into my room, turned my light on and left.. you ok?'
b'i hate bullies stop picking on me you bitch'
b'dad trying tell rich can not depressed actually stupid android'
b'find something fun to do on your day off and delegate away the cleaning. love " oh god what have i become " smile'
b'i am telling ya. the vodka was great though'
b'that theory has been mooted many times. do not suppose it will ever be proved one way or the other!'
b'civil servants are not employed to be either europhile or sceptic but only to do the will of the people expressed through govt'
b'just read about ccjs. since 2011 county courts have no power due to halsbury law 2011'
b'how do you think these people are getting into our country government are allowing it'
b'" you see the railing here: tells you do not go over & try 2take pictures; people take chances; ends up like this. "'
b'if he gets his rmn-he will be getting help with that too. probably a degree!'
b'oh the outrage! just ignore it if you do not like it you fucking mard arses. people love moral high ground of being " offended "'
b'spend 5 seconds with the kids and then the parents, wonder why behaviour is an issue these days. parents do not care&gt;kids do not'
b'unfortunately due to tight laws and requirements, you can not just adopt a child. yet you can have your own regardless.'
b'yet more male violence against women, we are not calling by hate crime against women.'
b'the vast majority of americans within first days of 9 -11 were determined to live their lives and enjoy their freedom - just'
b'daily update - syria crisis roundtable event - 2 december hoc'
b'you need to charge your phone pls'
b"it was great! though i wanted so much more! can not wait for next week's"
b'have finished the cider. now moving on to red rice beer and lovely spicy green chile cheese tamales. want some? how \xe2\x80\x98bout mom?'
b'dakota is confirmed to be in suspiria thanks for translation'
b'dakota johnson and tilda swinton will definitely be in it'
b'dak prescott joins tim tebow as the only sec quarterbacks with 40 pass td and 40 rush td in a career'
b'good luck, prayers for all in cf rn'
b'gotta love how year after year the stars are making smart free agent moves to upgrade talent around mvp!'
b'nah finish your homework faster'
b'daly should always have been in the 2015 rwc squad - instead they chose barritt.'
b'" she is sizzling in the film " i cant wait'
b'ha should have included a hashtag'
b"hehehe loool we're like bae sisters for life! idk if that makes sense haha, let em be jealous face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'dam i hate wen i get sick pouting face'
b'damn, a woman can not even speak about her own personal experiences as a woman w/ a vagina without sj twitter bashing her'
b'damn brother need to stop beatin his meat in the god damn shower so i can fuckin cleanse myself'
b'damn chell what an uncomfortable looking sleep position'
b"damn. con law did not put me to sleep. probably a good thing since it's what i am going to study for the rest of my life."
b'damn, i forgot to charge my phone last hour unamused face'
b'damn last night was fun! can not say the same for this work filled sunday confused face'
b'damn shame how i must smoke'
b"damn they ain't even got it in morgantown lol"
b'damn.. took my phone forever to charge weary face'
b'damn work gave as a free turkey today and a free flu shot turkey'
b'dance brings everyone together!'
b'dance is like a chandelier. when the wind blows it swings your soul from one note to another... "'
b'dancing on the city of dreams tour at the hollywood palladium!'
b'looking forward to dressing this morning x'
b'dang, i also just remembered, i have bills to pay'
b"dang, i have all my stuff. it's just really hot down here"
b"dang! it's still hot down here!"
b'dan hartman - i can dream about you'
b"maybe y'all can figure out why gus will not give our best rb the ball near the goal line."
b'i cant wait to see you!'
b"ugh i forgot that was today... it's okay. i'll make myself a carrot cake \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"you come back aggy weren't an insult, just must be frustrating that you never spend any money"
b'i feel like people just naturally love bullshit. seeeeriously.'
b"that's not even a good roast"
b'thunder buddies reunited again good'
b"he's so funny lol i love him!"
b'pffft heskey and carroll what a strike force! btw loved seeing you the other day on the p and r!'
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and business.'
b'daniel really made my day by telling me that i got 100 % on my physics part 2 test.. smiling face with halo'
b'could you please take the time to read, share, or maybe even donate? i would be forever grateful'
b"you're absolutely right. thank you for answering my question so clearly. it really is that simple! he has never loved america."
b'only because we love you, but later we will make fun of you'
b"the way you've trained your pup, sousuke will be fine. ;a ; he'll miss you but he'll have fun and be super excited when you"
b"i am super excited for you and justin's performance on music station in tokyo how amazing!"
b'dankie mtase, get back to me with the explanation.'
b'thanks for the amazing show last night in super fun format. thanks dan & gord and thanks'
b'she isnt fat guys'
b'thank u! marcus is incredibly integrous, kind hearted, & selfless - even in midst of this hate (true test of character )'
b"strictly speaking no. but given the police track record on prosecuting electoral act breaches, you're probably in no great danger"
b'ha glad you caught that'
b'yeah was pretty good'
b'seriously in love with i love seeing women in great positions who think like me.'
b"the most views you've had is 100, you're in dare, former pysqo and astral. please do not reply to me."
b'dare i say that i am actually looking forward to dress shopping on saturday with and dress'
b'emma there has been unexpected conflict'
b'true true, like the freaking sky orb xd'
b'dark take on a good friends life.'
b'dark to light and light to dark. three black carriages, three white carts. what brings us together is what pulls us apart. gn'
b'darn, looks like i have to go to the colts game tonight.'
b'yeh good bud. looking forward to football starting again tomorrow. who you got?'
b'no brainier, anyone can wear hi tops but not everyone can grow that solid of a mustache'
b"ha i did the exact same, if i am having a bad day it's my go to video now"
b'man i be mad as hell lol they need to stop that fag shit'
b'datavia really just made my day'
b'the trip was great though! can not wait to go back one day!'
b'date a darkskin nigga with tattoos cause that obviously mean he got money to waste smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'date someone you can be fucking weird as hell with, and at the end of the day still wants to get naked with you.'
b'dating an athlete = you give me a massage, i give you a massage'
b'dating me is so poppin bc i have a smartass mouth and always got something funny to say you probably never gonna have a shitty day with me'
b'i am looking forward to seeing how you get on with all your new talent. can you handle all those egos in the dressing room?'
b'oh! oh! oh! say? say me - how are you in twitter always? how are you are answer on my question in every time? thank you very much!'
b'it was what i expect from yaya now, sadly - and pellers seems to ignore the obvious for no good reason sometimes.'
b'daven blade looked at the giant gun in his hands and felt shocked. he walked over to the window and reflected on his cold surroundings.'
b"week 11 isn't too late to try new things."
b'yes. i wear them to work'
b'we have to give our best to make them to present us a pretty wild card'
b"i do not claim to be an expert on geopolitical issues. these issues are so complex. i'll always dream about global peace."
b'finally got to see you \xf0\x9f\x98\xadand you in your best crew outfit haha! awesome show'
b'yea oh shit wait i forgot you guys do not have school like 9'
b"you are giving ben credit for the browns ' lousy pass defense? that's very generous on your part."
b'says telling someone they matter has the same impact as giving food to a hungry person.'
b'take your kids bro. a lot of people are doing that and get a picture with her. not creepy for being a fan and bringing kids'
b"aren't you whining and complaining about whiners and complainers? what a little bitch"
b'david tennant is a good actor but... he did his damndest to make sure this character was creepy and not the kind you wanna ship'
b'nero is worse but he loves on negative attention. i wanna see him lose for that reason alone.'
b"gets career-ending dear john letter from voters of louisiana in governor's race today."
b'wtf i was playing giant when all my stuff got taken from me and we lost because of it. thought that was fixed?i have proof'
b'if you claim to be a christian and do not judge, the truth is not in you and you make him a liar. smile'
b'dawg if the saints win this will be the perfect end to a perfect week omg bruh'
b'dawg this nigga is either late or always packed smh'
b'you look so cool smile'
b'day 1 of college classes'
b"day 1, only slightly awkward --i'm pretty sure i'll top that today. i danced in a room full of children last night. tonight"
b'day 1: thanks so much for keep making me the happiest person alive harry, i love you so much and you make me feel special'
b'day 21 of enjoying the a great start to family time for thanksgiving break.'
b'day 2 of high school in the morning. goodnight. smile'
b'day 2 of the convention. amazing day yesterday. can not wait to see what today brings.'
b'day 5 smoke free. thank you luv babs'
b"and that's why i do not give a fuck. bye"
b'day before we make a year, and shit goes down.. all you need to know is i fucking love you, and this needs to go out the window!'
b'day is shitty already'
b"day off today but i want to work. i could also render 4 videos tonight and finish next week's homework if i dont go. i have 1 hr to decide"
b'day off tomorrow! cant wait to have a nice lie in'
b"days like these, they go by way too fast. days like these you wanna make em ' last."
b'days like this i question why i do cross country'
b'days that can not come back, days that will not come back. i guess i have to be a little bit stronger too, right? - i to you'
b'you restricted me from the webinar because i wanted to create group with other beginners'
b'day two of the hangover : showing no signs of improvement. face with medical mask'
b'db13s hurt to look at. seriously top 3 ugliest of all time to me'
b"i've stayed up later than that face with tears of joy"
b'is this ok with u? there are free read sites just as you can rip music off utube-but you ok w it?'
b"y'all ever think about getting danny phantom as a property? i'd buy the hell out of that comic."
b"what a honor it was to see &meet you your show had me in tears every moment of magic it's not every day you meet your hero's"
b"ohio state should've lost to quite a few shitty teams as well."
b'do you miss old friendships and who you do anything differently to gain them old friendships back? because of old love'
b'body say might just be my new song. \xf0\x9f\x99\x8c\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb8'
b'can not wait to see you on tour on september 12! i love you so much heavy black heart'
b'can you come to hamilton to do a speech about mental health, you can help me graduate college love you baby face throwing a kiss'
b'wait wait wait i just saw this, wow. this is so amazing demi!!! so proud of you\xf0\x9f\x92\x9e'
b"everytime you come to brazil, we treat you damn well... and now you're laughing at our disgrace"
b'god only knows how proud i am of you, thanks for being and make me love you every day that passes'
b'happy bday my love!!! have a great day, enjoy a lot with your friends and family. i love you. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d'
b'happy birthay the best person never change!!!!! ilove you so much you are perfect i send a kiss and a hug'
b'happy birthday for one and my people favorite in the world. i love you so much, have a great day. heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday, i love you unconditionally, you mean so much to me, i can not explain it.'
b'happy birthday my baby, you are my reason to live. you save my life so many times. thank you i love you heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday queen, you deserve nothing but happiness. i hope your day goes great. i love you so much'
b'happy birthday, thank you for always being such a huge role model for me! i love you\xf0\x9f\x92\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9a smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday to the most beautiful girl in the world. i love you forever my queen\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d'
b'i really love you that mention made my day'
b'i am very proud of the person you become. you deserve all the love in the world. i love you heavy black heart'
b'i cant believe i saw you in concert for the first time 7 years ago on your 17th birthday omg it honestly feels like yesterday and'
b'if you knew how many people died from this disease you and your fucking mom would not being joking about it. ridiculous'
b"i know you'll never notice me, but you taught me to not give up my dreams and i love you"
b'i love you so much, happy birthday. thank you for saving 15 year old me a few years ago. you mean everything to me.'
b"i love you with all my heart forever, thanks for being who you are, i'll never leave you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i want you to know that we really love you, thanks for being an amazing person.'
b'just like you can not love other people if you have not learned to love yourself'
b'love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love'
b'omg it so is can not wait for my next one'
b'thanks for helping save my life. i love you more than you will ever know. happy birthday beautiful.'
b"thank you for being so raw and real with your fans. we appreciate it more than you'll ever know. i love you. happy birthday."
b"we still love you! and it wasn't offensive people are just extra af"
b'you changed my world. i am forever grateful for you. purple heart thank you. i love you.'
b"you do not know everything you've done for us, we love you, thanks for everything."
b"you're already amazing inside out. love you more than anything"
b'smile does this make me cool!?!?'
b'one of your followers low key want you boy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x82.. not gon happen.. never'
b'dead air ep 35 - thirteen ghosts on'
b'dead ass fam i can jump off a bridge and survive somehow i am immortal lmao'
b'dead! he brought his dog to school lmfao face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'dead justin has the and singles in the uk'
b'dead language etymology : my one real talent'
b'hey man, i am not as creepy as you may think. i like bands, you like bands, we could get along just fine'
b'my stalking game on point amiright (jk maya totally told me to follow you i promise im not creepy )'
b'de and lily. shes saying nice things about her creepy friends and when she leaves damon lets elena know hes not buying it. elena defends lily'
b"glad i left y'all in charge! i mean look at all that you got accomplished that we actually needed done!? smile"
b"dean playing it safe and not saying which diva he's attracted to so renee does not beat his ass"
b'dear all, less than 24 hours left on our auction! do not miss out on the best fundraising event of the year!'
b'dear cna, you do not have to go to school to make 00 an hour. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'dear one day i will have this nxt \\ digital innovation labs'
b"dear dumb bitch in the laundry room, if you leave your shit in the washer/dryer when it's already done, im going to move it. \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'dearest the book is an absolute joy for me, happy to share it with love and gratitude.'
b'dear ex-bestfriend, even if i did not become a better person let me ask you first, did you become a better person? sincerely,'
b'dear fans, thank you for your strong interest in sadabike, we apologize for the lack of an answer, but you are'
b'dear heart, its hurt. and this is what happens when you try to make decisions on your own. sincerely, brain.'
b'dear, it is advisable you take down the album (s ) you are infringing on. you might lose your website cc'
b"dear thank you for throwing your pic at my friend's head and giving her an amazing birthday present. we had a great time."
b'dear lord, pls let everything that i eat on thanksgiving go straight to my butt and thighs.'
b'dear happy 20th birthday. i love you so much and i hope you have an amazing day 5 seconds of summer'
b'dear i want to wish you a very happy birthday! have an amazing day! love you from the netherlands!'
b"dear mobile twitter, stop snapping back to the top of my feed and making me scroll back down. it's really annoying"
b"dear parents, i'll make you proud soon. smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'dear - finished your latest work - - and am soooo invested in this tale. thank you again!'
b'dear seth, please stop being a jerk and cock blocking. i love you and all but... face with tears of joy weary face'
b'dear sleep, i know we had our problems when i was a kid, but i love you now.'
b'dear - the english language is a beautiful, subtle and precise tool for conveying ideas, feelings and opinions. please use it'
b'dear twitter, why tweet button count is not counting?'
b'dear usa, please stop remaking brilliant television such as you are not subtle or french enough to pull it off. please stop.'
b'hope you had a fun day, and a great start to your well-deserved vacation!'
b'i can imagine your eyes rolling unamused face ha good morning debbie grinning face with smiling eyes study na'
b'classic exciting deadline day for us!'
b"i could talk to her 2m fasho cus she's gone braid my hair and i am sure she sleeping"
b"debris, lol that's so funny"
b'dec 24 - morning coffee business networking w/roundtable connections : we are roundtable conne...'
b'decent getting 20 % off booze like'
b'decided to have regular old sex. it was great though.'
b'decided to play tf2 for the first time in weeks since i have nothing better to do and... this happened.. _.'
b'decote dance and fitness newsletter'
b'ur hair is offensively long'
b'peace out homie! see you at the game tomorrow night! s/o to the compadre for the early wrapped present'
b'deeney never doubted he would one day take on the likes of manchester united'
b"so proud of you girl! this is just the beginning, super excited to watch you scale! let's go desi girls! xoxo!"
b'deepu dont wear heavy earrings..it takes away the attention from ur beautiful face..'
b'thank you, my love, for giving me the taste of paradise i love you so much,more than you can ever know \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'you are looking damn hot i kno you are not going to retweet but plz retweet once plz luv you tonz'
b'default answer detected. need to leave the internet due to cute fatigue. smile thank you!'
b'defense carries hidden valley to state volleyball final'
b'definelty failed the physics test'
b'define " spoiled " first. can a man pamper a woman without her getting spoiled? or is it inevitable?'
b'definitely failed that physics exam.'
b'definitely feeling another cold coming on, fantastic.'
b'definitely just failed that physics quiz :))'
b'zionists are worse in israel plus the added menace is that they control the media, so they do not ever receive any negative backlash'
b'dehaanradcliffe : the thing about being in the show is you plan your life around being in your peak at'
b'delete yo and the thread so you know its real unamused face \xe2\x9c\x82\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'delighted to meet you! just arrived at - sure is hot down here! thanks'
b'food was ready ages back, delivery service has delayed a 1 min walk from restaurant to being 20 mins late and counting'
b'take the open carry ammosexuals too give these tuff guys some real combat experience \xf0\x9f\x90\x94\xf0\x9f\x90\x94\xf0\x9f\x90\x94'
b'the dutch language is also really sarcastic'
b'if you think isis goes away as an issue/threat, sure. but doubt issue will be receding.'
b"well, it's a shame to waste our talent!... think we may need another accent, a large bag, some smoke & some hats!"
b"demi lovato singing stone cold live is the most beautiful thing i've ever heard in my life"
b'one of the most beautiful people to emerge in my recent memory. adele is simply incredible in every aspect.'
b'it will get worse. more of your going to fund retirement of ps. read pension ponzi'
b'castiel did as meg asked and stayed silent. honestly really intimidated. he felt a bit out of place. he looked around at the -'
b'oh cool! i wish you well'
b"i have not even done anything, you're so contradicting you say you do not care when you clearly do."
b'dentists be like " this will not hurt at all "'
b'would be totally different had it been male teachers banging their students - this would not be posted then.'
b"i want that to happen because owens is the kind of heel who could not only handle it, he'd rub it in people's faces."
b"anybody would be lucky to match bryn's level of effectiveness, clue, and work ethic"
b'ha no. this applies to anyone anywhere who eats another fat person its pretty much the fattest thing they could do'
b'because no-one wants to be on the phone to you smile only joking derry! love you loads!'
b'this may soind weird but i wish that cadie and your brother could be in the same brodcast thag wojld be cool lll'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f\xf0\x9f\x90\x9f deserve a mid week treat? enjoy our legendary fish & chips in our special - only \xc2\xa37. 95 per portion! \xf0\x9f\x90\x9f\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f'
b'ooh please do not say that to me/ i am just over 3 months, smoke free confused face'
b"yes i've gone smoke free/ helped by the tablets the doctor prescribed me smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes"
b'is going to be in dallas this week and i am super excited as if i was going to meet her or something face with tears of joy crying face'
b"exactly! 15 acting like she is... man she's got a lot ahead of her in life! hah!"
b'despite having to re map my schedule, i do not have any classes before 1pm and i do not have classes on fridays, i am so fucking stoked'
b"despite the recent news, i'll continue to support they've always been very fair with me and are generous w/ store credit!"
b'despite yesterday being chaotic & me being sore & sick today, yesterday was such an amazing day thank you so much'
b'lol this not a game'
b'destiny be really goin through it she retweeting all the shit she wish blood would have did to her face with tears of joy'
b"i did not say that you said they are... you need to watch who you're throwing that attitude at"
b"you're welcome. i like me too. i am smart. i am loyal. i can be trusted"
b'determined to actually enjoy this hunger games movie unlike the last time when it was rudely interrupted the entire time unamused face'
b'determined to enjoy this off day smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'determined to get all my essays done today so that i can enjoy the weekend'
b'determined to get my assignments complete so i can actually enjoy the build up to christmas'
b'deutchbrasil provides a good example of something to'
b'one of the best conferences in the czech republic. awesome people, great presentations and lot of fun.'
b'devin just called me honey bunches and i never laughed so much'
b'devon gales story is a tragic one but so inspiring hw he is handlin his rehab & approach to this situation. many prayers for the gales fam'
b'i love you smile'
b'while i was stealing them, i was told it was okay because you guys had another bag'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95 " : so wizkid should feature davido? " : i want sleep persevering face " "'
b'dhargenrader_ " 75 weeks ago i made one of the greatest decisions of my life. rip long hair "'
b'keep watching it i swear it makes sense the end face with tears of joy'
b'dh : mall santas now a big entertainment business'
b'can thanksgiving break come faster'
b'she has one already. just needs to pass her test now'
b'remember the dog in the sleeve picture and how i literally could not handle it'
b'did anyone else notice the commentators on the game just called d. l. hughley dj hueley? lol i think you fell off sir.'
b'did i drink too much? am i losing touch? did i build this ship to wreck?'
b'did i mention today has been absolutely fabulous! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'did i pass the anatomy test'
b'did it hurt when you fell from heaven bc it hurt when i did'
b'did not start the morning the way i planned.'
b'did not charge my phone last night so now i can not go anywhere smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'did not even know your name face with tears of joy face with tears of joy stop foolin'
b"did not expect to see owls outside gladstone's land today in edinburgh... great idea & attracted the crowds smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'did not go as planned but i still had sooo much fun last night. i missed them \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"did not pass the cpr test and guess who's grounded smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'didnt see that coming rt : allen pinkett will not be part of radio broadcast this weekend.'
b'did not study for the quiz tomorrow in english?'
b'didnt think i was gonna win the fifa tournament at all i was in complete shock :o!'
b'did not wipe the water off my back after getting out of the shower so now my sweater is wet good :~)'
b'did sarah fucking make eelhowell i swear to god'
b'we are going to give it our all & we are looking forward to a blooming good game!... as long as it does not snow!'
b'did the meet the press roundtable just all collectively ignore the fingerprints of the paris attacker that came through greece? really?'
b'did the rousey bandwagon break down or are dem hoes still loyal?'
b'did what i could to be even so you know its real'
b'did you know that noel gallagher has admitted he does enjoy working on films about expenses.'
b'did you know that one of bolshoi ballet members was born in maranhao? bruna gaglianone is part of the moscow group!'
b'did you know the average newborn should sleep at least 16 hours a day?'
b'did you know wicked fitness is now on trip advisor? love our classes and instructors? well, how about give us a'
b'did you know your is literally to your body? reveals how on'
b'did you love own a copy! pre -order now and get a free positively prayer cd!'
b'did you quit smoking yesterday? if you did, congratulations on your first step to your smoke-free life!'
b'did you see it was my present for your birthday! i hope you had a great day! i love you'
b'did you sleep well?'
b"did you spot the reference in tonight's it was quite subtle"
b'did you think i\'d be too to know what a is? " -'
b'different butt shapes \xe2\x80\x93 and how to determine which one you have - the better butt challenge : submitted by fut'
b'different kind of breed smiling face with sunglasses so do not approach me with that dumb shit like you will not get dismissed i do not care how cute you are sleeping face'
b'did you wash your practice jersey too?'
b"i do not normally show my frustration, or anger. when i go to release it, it's either through boffer fighting, or when i am"
b'take care of yourself! your work ethic is on another level 3'
b'im so excited to finally meet my baby'
b'happy happy birthday to a beautiful soul face throwing a kiss'
b'i feel really intimidated rn \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3lol'
b'good i am so happy for you and your whole family.'
b'lmao so many people got butt hurt over the video! look at the comments'
b'i hate it tho i feel so sick now face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'dinner date at the melting pot with'
b'dinner outside the house ahaha it feels great to be out with friends pala'
b'dinner was great though'
b'dinner with friends (@ davidson street public house in charlotte, nc )'
b'ignorance is bliss'
b'dirt under your finger nails has to be the most disgusting looking thing ever'
b'haha. working from home most of the time does that to me. was that you that said to run ivory right at watt? loved it. wear him out'
b'disadvantages ng dancer &athlete = so much body pain'
b'disappointed is an understatement pensive face'
b'disasters are our business and veterans are our'
b'disconforme0602 provides a good example of something to'
b'michael this bae over here is sweet af i swear you and the boys are so lucky to have her as a fan notice her!'
b'discovering whole new types of adult toys is always amusing and interesting.'
b'disgusted with & no heating/hot water for 9 months! they do not care about their customers.'
b'disgusted with the but on the bright side... more free time this summer.'
b'disgusting! they love death more than life - child brusts into tears on seeing israeli flag'
b'dis is nigeria where loosing a phone is more painful than loosing virginity.'
b'disrespectful ass men i swear'
b'me too! so bad at it. i want and need to improve and get things under control again.'
b"she does this wonderful subtle thing with the chorus where it's like she's working out why she's so fascinated with that woman."
b'distance makes you appreciate all the important people in your life'
b"district was awesome! couldn't have done it without my best friend and best chair"
b'things are happening really fast can not wait to get some new pics of my own great shots'
b"d it's impossible to beat sans"
b'diva keeps it classy and sassy... book your stay with us today!'
b'say something nice? haha! hello, your app looks awesome! cant wait to get my stickers and try your app!'
b'you too black heart suit hope you have amazin day'
b'soon there will not be any of that breed left, as good as they are in traditional roles. every year you have to do and know more.'
b'my weekend has officially started happy out'
b"please do not encourage them ; maybe it's a subtle message about heterosexuals dominating others?"
b"fasho aye mane i appreciate you bumpin that ballin like you did that's a blessing cause i put my last in my music"
b"these clowns know they ain't swim since the last g -unit... they ain't foolin nobody."
b'dk why i am in such a happy mood rn'
b'you know this pic is not of her, do not you? this pic is of the girl in thirteen ghosts. did not know janet had been dead so long.'
b'is there anything he can not do?'
b'dmc bound, 3 more months to go'
b"that's awesome what made you come back"
b'ah but the fact that you appreciate the nerdy comment means'
b'dmv always packed unamused face no matter what day it is weary face'
b"and i expect my thank you gift cuz i've invested too much of my time into you kids face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'dnc convention next week can not wait'
b"do any of you lovely us fans want to hear the album before it's released?"
b'do any other couples out there have the same issue & i have? we literally wash 1-2 loads of laundry a day!'
b'do a roast beef in between 2 trees and land in a few feet of that good shit smiling face with sunglasses'
b'dobby i am already stressed out enough as it is. i do not need that kinda stress in my life too'
b'i just heard this from the tv in the living room lmao'
b'also - just a report leaves gp not knowing what pt knows/ if result acted on etc.'
b'doctors : the only form of employment where you can never be fired for running late...'
b'doctor who is trending... bring back matt smith pensive face'
b'does anybody know any apps where you can download audios on to your phones or convert mp4 to mp3 while its being downloaded'
b'does anybody know how to say baagee in sign language? since we can not say it at them we can just motion it at them.'
b"does everyone else's stupid android auto correct change words like'then ' for'them ' and 'our ' for 'out '? skynet driving me to suicide"
b'does funding science pay? us has attracted 28 nobel physics winners born in other countries (physics world )'
b'does harrys long note count as loosing my virginity'
b'does it sting? can you feel my hate my anger blistering at you? inflamed and furious that not even the herculean'
b'does my friend look like pocahontas?'
b'does not it hurt your chest?'
b'does sexual slavery have " nothing to do with islam "? sheds light on + girl \'grooming \' in uk.'
b'does where you live really have an impact on the car you buy? new research says the ford fiesta (left ) and nissan qashqai (bottom ) are the'
b'does your latest investment pass this test?'
b'does your relationship pass the test?'
b'thanks for following back. enjoy your tweets ; look forward to more.'
b'no i mean the issues where the game literally could not handle past " high " default settings'
b'are awesome. like when they lick the floor where the other dog was just sitting & then chatter their teeth at you.'
b"and second, they sure as hell do not measure the amount of effort you've put in. do not give up it's never too late to try again"
b'do i drink too much tea the answer is no'
b'do i even attempt to sleep'
b'do i have time for your bullshit? no no no no no no \\_ no no no no no no'
b'do i look cool with this casual pose? "'
b'do i need to say anything? effects of religion. pls remember - law is above religion'
b'doing laundry and homework but time for a cigarette break smile'
b'doing my own acrylics out here so you know its real'
b'doing research for the book, good does anyone have any tips for resources/videos/tedtalks/articles/books on curiosity?'
b'do i want to look cute for the two days i have of school or should i just go with sweat pants... this is a struggle'
b'i swear to god can you shyt the fuvl you p'
b'watching this last bit has done me in devastated'
b'dolphinscheer : hey there! looking forward to taking over the dolphins...'
b"\xc3\x97i nod and smile \xc3\x97 yeah, i am just attracted to the idea of being cufdled for warmth in a tiny tent with you.. it's romantic"
b'doms are the worst, but why do we get them? find out more here -'
b'do my home work later'
b"please help the woman attacked today who was protecting your father's star on the walk of fame"
b'no one cares if they did she would be in jail already'
b'donald trump on oreos no longer being made in america : " you do not have to go to high school to know it\'s not good. "'
b'donald your policies against immigrants are not right! we need peace and to embrace each other, not to build walls.'
b'was invited once to speak to students that were doing my degree. did not check my emails in time but they had free pizza & beer sad'
b'done all my assignments so i can take a break for. 5 and then stress over exams, wow i love school'
b'done what i had to do outside of the house... now to do stuff inside the house!'
b"done with my first day of classes. editor's meeting at 7"
b'can we just appreciate that kookie monster are wearing couple outfits that are both nerdy and cute?'
b"don lemon tells joy behar his career'took off ' after coming out via"
b'donna is a beautiful cinnamon roll, too good for this world, too pure. but she can also kick your ass. so glad plays her'
b"do not be afraid to burst the bubbles of disney -idealism the world is not a playground, the world is full of children's sweatshops."
b'do... not... be around my cousins & my homeboys if you see them drinking lol because a fight is gonna pop off face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i be laughing so hard'
b'do not expect a " bless you " after your 3rd sneeze. get that shit under control'
b'do not feed any anger, disrespect, hate against you and your beliefs. is about mercy and forgiveness.'
b'do not fw me if you making another bitch feel like she has a chance w/ you!'
b'do not stand in the corner. move to the front, be heard, be proud. " your parents \' best career advice :'
b'do not b big headed judge lol hate big heads'
b'do not be a hard rock when you truely are a gem smile'
b'do not be mad at me yo bitch can not get enough my nigga \xe2\x9d\x97\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"do not be posting about what a shitty day you're having, i just lost my damn straw in a capri sun!"
b"do not be so formal because i am much older you think it's not nice to ask me help.. pls do tell me so i will not be feeling much guilt."
b'do not be the chick who easily replaceable be the woman who a man can not live without'
b'when my parents get back'
b'do not break my cat kiersten'
b'dont care about the same shit i used to'
b'do not care about what other people think of you. there will always be those people who want to see you fail because they can not succed..'
b'do not care what happens to your boarding pass after flyin'
b'do not catch an attitude with me trying to look cool for your " bros ". i do not play that shit b.'
b'do not clean out your pantry for a food drive. think before you give'
b'dont come looking for love. no love no love'
b"do not despair it's here it's here! ep 35 of dead air - starring 13 ghosts!"
b'do not do this shit on thanksgiving'
b'do not doubt me, cause i swear ima try to shit on you smiling face with horns'
b"do not drink too much lean ya'll be careful"
b"do not drink too much soya strawberry milk you'll probably barf like im about to"
b'do not ever think i have not built enough evidence to prove all this shit was you smiling face with smiling eyes i am just waiting for you to fuck up really good'
b"do not fancy the cold? get a takeaway on the way home, we'll box it up for you carefully to enjoy when you get in."
b'do not force someone to make time for you, if they really want to, they will.'
b"dont forget about late nights laying in the dark & waking up inside my arms boy you'll always be in my heart"
b"do not forget the theme for sat's social is bring out the flags! if you would like to dress up feel free, looking forward to see you all!"
b'dont forget to pray before you sleep good night heavy black heart'
b"do not get caught up in others opinions bc you'll lose important people & let me tell ya it's not a good feeling"
b"do not get me started love. i've had too much to drink. too much time to think so leave me alone"
b"do not give a fuck about none of the bullshit if it's not beneficial to me."
b"do not give a fuck anymore! there's no going back!"
b'do not give a fuck what you think of me'
b'do not go looking for shit if you do not will not those feelings hurt'
b'do not hate me until i give you a reason to. do not judge me until you know the whole story! ~'
b'do not have time to sit in & enjoy a coffee? we do hot drinks & soups too'
b'dont have to say a wooooord!'
b'dont have to say much'
b'- dont have to say much moe! you my bruva for life \xe2\x9c\x8akeep eatin on that court'
b'do not hit me up to be boring while we talk.'
b'do not hmu when you need something'
b'do not i know it \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b"do not insult me bro. i did not see that garbage. tyrese and mark wahlberg ain't been n a movie together?"
b'do not insult pigs like that what did the pig do to deserve being compared to a cop'
b"do not interrupt people's shit. the professor went to the university to schedule that room. this isn't on the campus quad. rent your own room"
b'do not judge my spelling, i got home from a shit day at school and now its late at night.'
b'do not just fall for a pretty face and a bangin body.'
b'do not know what to have for my tea tired face'
b"do not know where where we're going 9 until the morning we rolling rolling rolling"
b'do not lick my ear! yuck'
b'dont make me post the conversation face with tears of joy'
b'dont make the mistake of fucking w me cause i will ruin you'
b"do not mine at night please do not get caught by skeletons while you're looking for diamonds they're getting closer, better run"
b"do not miss geoffrey farmer as part of our jet set live auction! he's making a brand-new piece just for us!"
b"do not miss julien's auctions hollywood costume auction! : hollywood collectors and ordinary people are going to"
b'do not miss our 8th annual empty bowls & silent auction powered by the daytona auto mall! buy your tickets now,'
b'do not miss out on our huge auction over in our vip group!'
b'do not miss out on this santa piggy set! auction closes tonight at 9pm cst! link in the comments.'
b'do not miss the 11th annual auction and brunch with its nov 22nd at the lord nelson!'
b'do not miss the arts place auction benefit this evening - drop by & bid on closet update gift cards among many other great items!'
b'do not miss the estate auction today with'
b'do not miss these auction bargains going on right this minute - -rt & share!'
b'do not miss walking the runway for wise fashion show and silent auction tomorrow november 21st at bluefield elks'
b'do not miss your chance to bid in the old rip van winkle charitable auction'
b'do not miss your chance to bis on this mercedes -benz glk350! live auction starts at 3 pm!'
b'do not miss your chance to give or get a romantic getaway \xe2\x80\x94our annual travel auction ends tomorrow :'
b'do not miss your chance to win a beautiful cocktail shaker with'
b'you should know sleep " never was an option " with me.. it\'s been a while i did not take the serum. i am still hearing them.'
b'do not need to compare your stressed with mine'
b'do not pay attention to this tweet, i am standing alone in public so i am doing this to make it look like i am texting.'
b"do not presume to lecture me when i fought for gay and women's rights in the 80s + 90s when it mattered and it was about equality"
b"do not really care about being in a relationship, long as we cool. that's my nigga for life. raised fist"
b'do not reply to my text but reply to everyone else on the group messages please it really makes me happy smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'do not rt for the fuck of it. rt things others might find mildly amusing or interesting. its like someone giving you a bad reference'
b"do not say it's too late to try, to make it right"
b'do not say no awkward shit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'dont shit matter but the money. fuck everything else kno thaaaa!'
b"do not sweat it - we're a football school now."
b'besides the other men in there yelling about nonsense lol'
b'do not take my niceness for granted i am still a real nigga'
b"dont talk to me if you're a fucking piece of shit"
b'dont talk to me like im fucking 8 years old bitch'
b'do not tell me you do not care.'
b"do not think i've ever felt this hurt in my life."
b'do not think this night could have gone any better'
b'do not trust too much. do not love too much. do not hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.'
b'do not try to understand women. women understand women and they hate each other.'
b'do not turn into who hurt you'
b'do not you just love it when the north parking lot is always packed and the person in charge will not let you change lots. fuck mentor high man.'
b'do not you just love long bus rides?:);)'
b'do not understand as pretty sure i already apologised to you two weeks ago but eh whatever'
b'do not use this attack to defend multiculturalism. we do not want to carry on as 2nd class citizens in our own country'
b'do not wana see a single person today, thanks! really really fun night with everyone but today, do not talk to me'
b'do not wanna be stressed over such things like that right now hahahaha please leave me alone i do not need you yet. face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'do not wanna eat sleep drink do anything but doing nothing hurts?!?!?!?! help me'
b'do not waste time grieving over past mistakes. learn from them and move on.'
b'do not worry babe. people throw rocks at things that shine. i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'do not worry, the grass is always greener on the other side'
b'do not worth about anything, instead pray about everything.'
b'do not you fucking dare try to argue that there is ever a reason to be a shit boyfriend. if you do not care for your girl leave her. simple.'
b'dont you hate it when you miss people who turned out to be really shitty to you?'
b'do not you just love waking up early'
b'do not you just love when someone bullshits you'
b'do not you know, do not you knowwww true friends stab you in the front'
b'do not you know that formerly the amycleans worshipped the noble bacchus above all other gods, and gave him the name of psila, which in the'
b'do not you love it?'
b'do not you love waking up to cat poop on your bed? \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'doom and joker the best villains of all time'
b'do people enjoy stealing my credit card info and exceeding my credit limit. seriously 2 times already unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'do people really think this is funny? our " staff " tried that on us once, hehe they got 40 claws extended. cute tho'
b'do people that believe in reincarnation not say yolo?'
b'doragonisi hace 2 semanas it\'s a beautiful day outside. flickies are singing. flowers are spinning on days like these, " original " character'
b'dorothy st. angelo is the proud owner of a 2016 nissan rogue, and is thrilled with her salesperson, bobby winter.'
b'i laughed for like 20 minutes'
b'then the college freshman in front of the high school seniors'
b'people get mad at dory bc she steals tweets but half of em do the same thing grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'she can not talk. she looks exactly like her father which is nasty af'
b'i am actually crying, like why would you rt this? you are a terrible person. but i love you so much for doing it too...'
b"do some people ever stop going on, you're boring sleeping face sleeping face"
b'do something awesome, no one sees it. do something embarrassing, everyone sees it.'
b'do teachers understand that you take other classes'
b'do these 2 things to release the power of god into your challenging situation.'
b'do they mean the " old suho " that they liked to make fun of for being ~boring'
b'double e keeps it classy.'
b'double j always keeps it classy'
b'double sexy package is the best type of package'
b'double text me. annoy me. give me your attention. i love tf outta that shit. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'cool. i am getting home in about 20 mins so it should be great'
b'doubt if i pass this test disappointed face'
b'that is quite an impressive line-up for a news station that started only 8 days ago'
b'then i eat it early and get hungry again at lunch time'
b'do you ever become friends with someone and then you get to know them and its like no wait i do not like you can we stop this friendship thing'
b'do you ever do something mildly impolite like not give a nice goodbye or not hold a door and spend the rest of the day thinking about it'
b'do you ever do you ever just have that one class that one freaking class that just depresses you when you think about it bc oh god you hate it so much'
b'do you ever feel like no one actually wants to talk to you or even likes you'
b"do you ever feel like screaming \xe2\x80\x98fuck you ' to your family members but you can not so you just keep the anger inside and complain on your twitter"
b'do you ever feel people staring at you and then you suddenly forget how to walk'
b'do you ever feel so ugly all you wanna do is go home'
b"do you ever get a message and do not reply bc you know you do not have any chill & if you do reply, you may be liable to hurt someone's feelings?"
b"do you ever get random bursts of love for ur friends? they're annoying af and i could murder them sometimes but you just love them so much"
b'do you ever go on youtube just to watch a music video then 5 hours later you find yourself watching a tutorial on how to talk to a giraffe'
b'do you ever have the urge to tell someone to shut the fuck up even when they arent talking'
b'do you ever just break out in song when you hear a certain word'
b'do you ever just crave someones presence and realize they probably dont even think about you'
b'do you ever just dislike someone so much that you hate when people are nice to them'
b'do you ever just get a vibe that someone has a crush on you & then ur not sure if they actually do or if ur just really really self-absorbed'
b"do you ever just like flex your foot wrong and it cramps and you're just like this is it this is how it ends"
b"do you ever just make plans for the whole day then suddenly it's 8pm & you've done absolutely nothing"
b'do you ever just make scenarios in your head that will never happen but makes you so happy so you just keep on imagining them'
b'do you ever just miss someone and then you realize how trash they were and realize like fuck them'
b'do you ever just picture yourself with someone and imagine all these scenarios and conversations you two could have'
b'do you ever just realize wow i am gonna miss this moment while ur actually living it'
b'do you ever just wanna do a split but then you realize you cant'
b"do you ever just wanna rant and be really sarcastic end then realise if you tweet it you'll offend literally everyone and start drama"
b'do you ever just wish everything in ur life could be perfect all the time'
b'do you ever just wish that one thing didnt happen to you'
b'do you ever just wish you can do a backflip then you realize you cant'
b'do you ever just wonder how different everything would be if that one thing did not happen'
b'do you ever leave ur phone for like an hour and expect to come back to like 60 texts but you get none yeah same'
b'do you ever like a song so much and nobody really knows it and then the song gets overplayed & then everyone knows it & youre just so annoyed tired face'
b"do you ever look at someone's lips and... you just wanna mmmmmmm"
b'do you ever look at someone you used to trip over and ur just like hahahahaha'
b"do you ever look back at a really good point in ur life and wish you'd cherished it more"
b'do you ever lose ur phone in ur blankets & spend 5 minutes searching & then you end up having to take all the blankets off and you just get so mad'
b'do you ever love a celebrity so much it makes you sad'
b"do you ever miss someone and then you think fuck that because they probably aren't even thinking about you"
b'do you ever pretend like you did not see something so the other person does not feel embarrassed'
b"do you ever say bye to someone and in the back of your mind ur hoping they'll fight for the conversation not to end"
b'do you ever say something so bitchy and ur like damn i need to chill lol'
b'do you ever see a dog and ur like wow i want that dog'
b'do you ever smell certain scents and it reminds you of a particular time in your life?'
b'do you ever stretch and it makes you feel like you got ur life together'
b'do you ever take a nice selfie and stare at it too long and realize that its actually the worst pic ever'
b'do you ever tell a story and the you realize nobody is paying attention so you slowly fade out pretending you said nothing'
b'do you ever wanna do a backflip and you realize you cant'
b'do you ever want to grab someone in ur class and pull their face close while staring at them in the eyes then whisper shut the fuck up'
b'do you ever wonder how many girls have screenshot your shit and put it in a group message and just completely slaughtered you'
b"do you ever wonder how many people's dreams you have been in"
b'do you ever wonder if anyone else in the world is listening to the exact same song as you and on the exact same lyric as you'
b'do you ever wonder what ur most noticeable feature is like what do people see first when they look at you'
b'ooh, it came up as a square for me lol. smile'
b'do not make light of such a heavy, heavy topic. now will fuck your ass up. crazy bitches who lift weights.'
b'doug love your fuckin comedy and stories. watchin you and rogan from a few months back. brilliant & fuckin funny as always.'
b'i am drunk as hell and decided to watch your special instead of jacking off in my roommates kitchen.'
b"when you're not grown so ya fridge is always full and you ain't gotta pay bills"
b'you are my favorite actor i really like your work'
b"you're so cute! i love you so much, you precious little sunshine. please reply to me, it would mean the world!"
b'downed 3 cups of coffee, i am already feeling wired flushed face'
b'download - business strategy (the brian tracy success library )'
b'download " do not fingerprint my soul " here. one of top 3 most downloaded clips. ---'
b'downloaded all george harrison songs free with free youtube to mp3 boom via'
b'downloaded as mp3 so i can hear it all the time ahhh i can not even describe how much i love it and the boys overall, so proud loudly crying face heavy black heart \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\x87'
b"do you believe in life after tab? joke's on you, tab will be around long after you're dead."
b'do you ever eat so much you feel like ur gonna die but then keep eating'
b"do you ever express feelings and then afterwards you're like : wow that was gay as fuck."
b'do you ever feel like having too many feelings that you just might explode'
b'do you ever feel like running away? just suddenly leaving. no note, no warning. just getting your shit, and leaving.'
b'do you ever feel people staring at you and you like forget how to walk'
b"do you ever feel physically sick because you know you're not good enough for anybody and you can not do anything right and you're too tired"
b'do you ever feel the need to ask someone if they actually still want you in their life because it always feels like they do not really care'
b"do you ever finish watching a series or movie and you're like... so what do i do with my life now?"
b"do you ever get a weird crush on someone that's not even attractive but you're just attracted to them and you do not know why?"
b"do you ever get in those really weird moods that you can not even explain what you're feeling it's like everythings mixed together all at once"
b'do you ever get so bad and shitty you forget to shower for a whole week ha yeah same'
b'do you ever get your period and just think about your recent behavior like wow that explains a lot'
b'do you ever go on youtube just to watch a music video then 5 hours later you find yourself watching a tutorial on how to talk to a giraffe?'
b"do you ever go to school confident in what you're wearing and you get there and you're kind of just like wow well that was a terrible idea"
b"do you ever hate someone so much but you do not even have a valid reason you're just like no"
b"do you ever have a plan for the day and suddenly it's 5pm and you've achieved literally nothing"
b'do you ever have so much to do that you just decide to take a nap'
b"do you ever have the urge to tell someone to shut up even when they aren't even talking"
b'do you ever just be like why these hoes bandwagon so much.'
b"do you ever just crave someone's presence? like you would literally be happy just sitting next to them. it could be dead silent but perfect."
b"do you ever just hate someone so much that whenever they do literally anything you're like"
b'do you ever just look at people at school and have a sudden urge to push them down the stairs'
b'do you ever just look at really attractive people and sigh.'
b'do you ever just look at someone and feel the urge to repeatedly smash them in the face with a rock'
b'do you ever just look at someone and think " wow, let me take off your pants? "'
b'do you ever just make scenarios in your head that will never happen but make you so happy just imagining them?'
b'do you ever just meet one person and at first it is awkward then you start talking & its like holy shit where have you been all my life'
b'do you ever just rub your eyes so hard that you just start entering some other fucking galaxy of swirls and patterns.'
b'do you ever just sit in a group of people and know that you do not matter'
b'do you ever just sit there and realize that you mean nothing to anyone and you start feeling like shit'
b'do you ever just sit there and think " why am i not rich "'
b'do you ever just wake up and go " nope " and roll over and go back to sleep?'
b'do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper, " no one gives a fuck "?'
b'do you ever just want to punch yourself in the face for liking someone too much'
b'do you ever just want to redecorate your bedroom & buy new clothes & completely reinvent yourself but then you realize it takes time & money'
b'do you ever just want to scream " no one fucking likes you " in someones face.'
b'do you ever just want to sit outside with someone and talk all night'
b'do you ever just wear headphones so people won \xc2\x92t talk to you'
b'do you ever just wonder how different your life would be if that one thing did not happen?'
b'do you ever listen to a song and remember exactly what life was like when you first heard it'
b"do you ever look at a boy's hands and just nod to yourself"
b'do you ever look at a couple and say to yourself, " wow you guys are probably going to break up. " lol'
b"do you ever look at someone you used to trip over and you're just like hahahahahaha"
b'do you ever look at your pet and you can literally feel your heart melting because you love them so much'
b'do you ever look back at that one thing and wish it didnt happen?'
b'do you ever need a five minute hug but only from like a specific person'
b"do you ever randomly remember that one time 4 years ago you said something really awkward and you're just like god why am i such an idiot"
b'do you ever remember one thing and wish you could go back to those days'
b'do you ever see someone hot and you just think " bruuuuuuuuh "'
b'do you ever see your face from a different angle and have a mental breakdown'
b'do you ever think about shit you did in the past and just go why the fuck did nobody punch me in the face'
b'do you ever think your special to someone but then you see this person acting the same with everyone else and you just kind of oh alright.'
b"do you ever wanna do a backflip then you realize you can't?"
b'do you ever wish you had a second chance to meet someone again for the first time?'
b"do you ever wish your investigating skills weren't as good cos you always end up seeing something you wish you did not & it's all your fault"
b'do you ever wonder if anyone reads your twitter like everyday just to check on you?'
b"do you get distracted easily? here's 7 cool ideas on staying focused and getting more done in your life. smile"
b'do you go to sleep excited to wake up the next day?'
b"do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? no? how about now?"
b'do you guys ever just stare into the sunset and think : i locked the door, right?'
b'do you guys remember how in the 90\'s we had a room in our houses called " the computer room "?'
b'do you have a charger? " is the new " could i bum a cigarette?'
b"do you have any christmas t -shirts for us australians? it's awfully hot down here"
b'do you have that one person in school who everyone loves but you do not and everything they do just gets on your nerves'
b'do you have those friends where you can not even remember how you became friends you were just suddenly friends'
b"do you know how much it hurts when you come home from a long day and there's no food at home"
b'do you know when michael jackson began his solo career? take the my coke rewards music quiz.'
b'do you know who is awesome? my 1 new follower in the last day! growing with'
b'do you need more peace of mind during these stressful times, and greater inner strength and confidence to get'
b'do you regret loosing your virginity to the person you lost it toooo?'
b"do you remember last september's power outage in would you be ready for another?"
b'do you remember telling michael savage that you listen to his racist trash all the time?'
b"do you remember the night when you brought it all up how you couldn't move on how you were still i love"
b'do you remember when the brought in mary to sort out the high street. that was a success wasnt it.'
b'do you remember when you were a kid and the doorbell rang you would run and see who it was, now i just run to my room instead'
b"do your parents know that you've fucked up your life real bad?"
b'do you solemnly swear to stay in your lane, your whole lane, and nothing but your lane'
b"do you sometimes feel that there isn't room in your car for you anymore? as usual, we rush to the rescue with... ha aww nothing wrong with that sometimes, i think i am going out tomorrow for the first time in months!"
b"do you think irene will want a purple or pink steam iron? we're trying to get ready for when she contacts us!"
b'do you wanna do a bunch of fun stuff with me? " im yelling'
b'do you want a cookie for that?'
b'good i know i dont really know you but i am happy'
b'ima find this illegally somewhere and link everybody no worries'
b'drake has me feeling good this morning smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i am happy for you you've been waiting her to love you for 7 years now she has a forever tattoo only for you"
b'see this is why the real rap community do not fuck wit u, you dissed the whole community for a white boy like u? niggaz will rap circles'
b"drake still has not made anything better than fear, closer or say what's real... i do not know if he can"
b'thank you for the best night of my life.'
b"your opening act is sucking right now bro... i am here and he's missing every note and the music isn't even good..."
b'thank you very much, same to you as well. wishing you a wonderful blessed'
b'looks like fated to love you hehehe'
b'drama on the first day of school!'
b'cheers did not see that might be due to this game is causing me to drink too much!'
b'drank a nice lil bit last night... feeling good this morning tho'
b'draw and fade golf shots cavity or blade -'
b'get an 2016 toyota avalon or nissan maxima? how basic you getting?'
b'get a nissan altima or maxima'
b"dreamed i had kids they'd all drown or get eaten by giant plants"
b"lol fuck no i stay playing the game i've always had a console, i be crushing shit on bo3"
b'dream of peace [aeterna vocal edit ] on'
b"dreams are what i used to chase but by god's grace and favour... they are chasing me now... always grateful"
b'dre just yelled at me because i said " i love you too " weary face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'dressing mac & cheese is what i am looking forward to'
b'dressing up as a tree and standing in the forest and scaring joggers that run by...'
b"dressing what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'dress ordered for saturday looking forward to a girls night'
b'dress rehearsal went really well tonight, finally looking forward to performing much ado'
b': it was a conspiracy to tank the whole program because he had long hair! lol'
b'drew is still fuckin cute with his broke ass glasses fuck this kid i am out'
b'the absolute joy i get from should be embarrassing.'
b"life's about what you make it not what you let other people make it!"
b'lol it was so funny - i always feel like odd man out and to see how distinct my choices were it was like " welp, there it is. "'
b"pretty sure that guy was being that way on purpose and that it's a really sarcastic parody."
b'drift " they left me for dead " album release party november 28th'
b'too bad, you gotta come see your bestfriend.'
b'drink bleach i hate sharp things'
b'drinking a marks & spencer belgian wheat beer by -'
b'drinking double for the homies who can not lol'
b'drinking lemonade from the 2 l bottle instead of using a cup.'
b'drinking on the job lol'
b"drinking through my hangover wasn't one of my best ideas face with medical mask"
b"drink too much coffee, wear lipstick that's too dark, and never settle for a life you do not want"
b'drink too much wine for my own good me'
b'drive less than 10k a year? check out and enter to win a gas card & swag'
b'driving to manchester, topic of conversation - who names hurricanes and why do they have normal names?'
b'i enjoyed all 3 public lectures held rsc chemweek. thank you for making chemistry fun! smile'
b'dr. king has been arrested again for fighting for what is right.'
b'drowning shadows pre -order the album on and my new song will download instantly.'
b'a guy that is visiting or seeing her but not talking to her'
b'hey daddy shove your big old bald head in my pussy and use my asshole as a blender for your breakfast smoothies'
b'i think i have all of these. i feel half crazy most of the time.'
b'thanks for following'
b'drunk watching burlesque with a whole bunch of dudes is the best thing ever'
b'fall outs with friends, embarrassment at a house party, road rage on the road i feel as if i am going a bit crazy!'
b"that's awesome! i've started making a building like that. not to that effect though. but that was great!"
b"it must be nice to be back! where's home base for you?"
b"yeah that's impossible. you're saying that cause we do not have school monday face with tears of joy how we got the same lunch & i never seen you"
b"well, glad they're back. sometimes it was the only highlight of the game."
b'some great articles up this week - it departments definitely need to be investing more in innovation and making it even better!'
b"there's a thing called waiting pa din antiiii!"
b'duane steele - two people in a room -'
b'dude : " hey sexy can i get ur number? " me : " i dont know you & ur not my type.. " dude : " well what ur type is.! " me : " cute.. " *walks off*'
b'dude keeps touching this girls butt at the bar so you know its real'
b'dude you were 3hrs late, do somn abt botho f yall rt " & his inability to keep to time? even wen i was 3hours late! "'
b'due to the deteriorating weather we are going to cancel classes for friday night 11 -20 -15 and saturday morning 11 -21 -15... please stay safe!'
b'i hate this so much this is an insult to me and my family delete this'
b'dumb bitch made me change my plans and the bitch never showed'
b"i've had enough of your bullshits. this is the end bye"
b'duncan keith fucking piece of shit'
b'dunno if i even have time to finish studying like, 6 books welp gotta read while drawing while watching youtube videos while eating... good'
b'at least the music was great though! smile'
b'during kissing you yuri was waving and peace signing and winking i could not handle that much cute'
b'during the media roundtable this afternoon. this festival going to blow you away!'
b'great feeling upon hearing this good news for a sunday morning. fantastic baby! smile'
b'i just got home from work! pooped! haha! going to bed now sweetie! i love this pic! miss you sweetie! love you!'
b'the kids were great! favorite little actor was rat two yagers and a smith'
b"aw you're such a good friend"
b'take care, i know how it feels to loose someone you love due to a shootout. but keep your head up and focus on god. \xf0\x9f\x99\x8f\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b'unfortunately it is the wild west out there because of the ethics of the people who did this crime. the problem starts at home.'
b'i just needed to release my frustration is all.'
b'dybala is dropping too deep. allegri needs to realize he is no tevez. the closer dybala is to the goal the better'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dying at the smile ppl get when you say honestly i havent started that essay/assignment/studying either. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy raised hand'
b'dying because the people in my twitter tl are kinda effed up...'
b'dylan keeps tripping im dead'
b'i told mal to tell you that your best friend said she loves you. and you said who face with cold sweat i was'
b'dynamic devices attending the first international congress in sports physical therapy. three impressions.'
b'implying its ever too late to try'
b"each moment that lies ahead is the unknown, let's all face our unknowns with great triumph!"
b'eager to slim down? works perfect for just that'
b'backup qb lewis looking forward to dressing on sunday via'
b'looking forward to it. have yet to pick out a dress.'
b'ear doctor cause i am dying grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'earlier i heard a woman in her 50s complaining about how her favourite tea room has closed down'
b'early christmas mood in the office, and tonight is the holiday dinner! one month in advance! agha happy holidays!'
b'early christmas present for me! smiling face with heart shaped eyes earphones \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'who is really intimidated by a mans balls? bihhh you better get on them knees and get to work... \xf0\x9f\x91\x85\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'along with the other countries having troubles though these tuff times.'
b"nhl used to be a game i'd look forward to playing and arguably the best sports game but wow you guys took major steps back"
b'no, it was stuck on another one, but it stuck out in my mind.'
b'eating chocolate in the shower'
b'eating nutella out the jar will always be my weakness'
b'i could not handle that much excitement at one time... lol'
b'ebay snipe rt \xe2\x86\xba harry potter lot of 8 hc books vguc smoke free home \xe2\x86\xbaplease favorite & share'
b'thanks for your rt would love to fill chapel for penultimate concert b4 lengthy refurb'
b'also praying for people in nigeria. suffering from attacks of boko haram. enough prayers to go around.'
b'business strategy (the brian tracy success library )'
b"i am not sure i'd say that. it's more like... i was maybe too much of a suck for how creepy the first episode was."
b'eddie is the best person ever'
b'so that everyone can see your pretty face. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thank you for always blessing me here on twitter. i appreciate you.'
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and ministry and business.'
b'ed sheeran is going to star in the new bridget jones movie'
b'kiss me has been playing in my head all week long.'
b'we\'re missing you, i miss you too much ed, back to us, honey i love you a lot, " reddie "'
b'please please tell us your fighting before the year is over?'
b': only took you 14 mins to decide? i can only hope you give the dnc equal time.'
b'educate before you convert and find ways to filter for not right customers -'
b'education never makes a man educated precise society does'
b'happy birthday ed! have a great day balloon'
b'happy birthday smiling face with horns hope you have a great day balloon'
b'well, there\'s a reason why " they " love recruiting people from here hehehe.'
b'i am sorry ;^; i often just fave things i find witty, amusing or interesting when i have nothing more to offer to complete them!'
b'effect of cognitive behavior group therapy on parenting in mothers of children with'
b"two of the three plagues seem to have been wrestled under control! just the third to go and the coughing. i'll take it! smile"
b'" : the mice at farringdon station are hungry. hungry for blood : via "'
b'ehh why not run another one back.'
b'eh! face with tears of joy " : man shitty lost arse -anal lost real madrid lost... what a great saturday it has been "'
b'eh some things just do not need to be stressed about'
b"eight children from seven women. that's quite an impressive achievement. the man just knows how to make everything big!"
b"it's subtle i do not make it obvious... put please believe i am looking"
b'either funny, attractive +interesting or stupid enough to be amusing (whether it be bc of drama or 2dumb2function )'
b"either it's gonna be an easy win or an easy loss... i am prepared for the 2nd... intuition, hope you're just scaring me"
b"either she's pretty or ugly, rich or poor, sexy or fat, virgin or not, every woman deserves to be respected. heavy check mark"
b'ejaz sb your intellectualism is hard for people to understand. stay whst you are my prayers stay blessed and happy'
b'you are too funny sometimes. i just can not take it'
b'is an absolute joy on the cricket commentary. and i tend towards being a non-fan of women commentating on sport i like.'
b"ha enjoy. i've just put some beers on chill for a relaxing evening in. do you do takeaway smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'does kevin have no shame flushed face'
b'always packed. baggot st the best by a mile - in terms of packed (ness )'
b'thank you i became invested in this decision very quickly'
b'el classico, i am a celeb and tea hot beverage tonight smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i can not personally at all relate to those lyrics but i love it lol'
b'electric picnic has a fantastic line up this year'
b'elementary pressed for recess middle fuck dis shit highschool man i am boutah go see dis bitch n skool but man i cnt wait to finish skool face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'at least its nice outside'
b'elenamateus0 harry_styles needs to let me braid his hair'
b'elephants upstairs? stfu'
b'eleven days until the national convention! are you as excited as we are?'
b'elf musical very enjoyable and feeling extra christmassy now! well done all the fantastic cast'
b'looks awesome. how long did it take to paint?'
b"elibeth's cousin are freaking me out. they are like looking at me and its creeping me out"
b'just watched the faculty again such an awesome movie man! just had the urge to say that. need to watch cooties still'
b'i should go to sleep instead of doing random shit lol'
b'good luck in every step you take and every choice you make. i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wanna say early congratulation success after success. powerful women heart proud to be one of ur fans'
b"elita's new project is a smooth sail with a 90's feel mixed with are &b appeal... so you know its real"
b'omg. please find a way to sneak a subtle lil " poop " line in for rock xd'
b'you really have to love school face with tears of joy'
b"no freaking way. life is creepy enough right now to hear/view that hot mess 'o nightmare, lol"
b'may god give strength to everyone suffering in the whole world. p. s liz, you need to charge your phone xd'
b'great meeting you, ellie, and a big congrats for you & your team putting together such a successful event!'
b': omg so excited " shss cake woman!'
b'when you do not have school on wednesday and everyone else does'
b'but why are you in a foul mood elle? cheer up! xx'
b'your tolerance is a breath of fresh air'
b"hahahahahahahahaha! :'l oh i just loooove you so much for putting this on twitterrrrr -. - smile"
b"that's awesome! meh my life has been pretty shit lately and i am going to be doing homework all night but besides that i am good."
b'pensive face pensive face i need to see you soon! btw i love reading about my bestfriend being an all star! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f can not wait to see you play'
b'plus it has a great new inspector!'
b'too much load on that breaker. upstairs rooms are intentionally lower for fire code reasons.'
b'your town you guys decide and i will be there. what day did we decide?'
b'is expected to peak in the next month or so. but what does that mean? new blog post!'
b'- spdr dow stock analysis - day trading option -'
b'i changed the password after i was hacked but that was like 2 weeks ago and i just got this. just do not wanna get tricked again'
b"email isn't dying - it's getting better, says black pearl | zdnet"
b'bc it made me get grossed out and i know you hate puke too. love you hahahhaan'
b'embrace a child today. " when i close my eyes, i dream of peace. " judy collins - song for sarajevo via'
b'i guess i got one more week to at least be half right winking face'
b"emilia was born weighing just 8 ounces and is believed to be the world's tiniest baby"
b'where can i find more guys like you two are relationship goals and i need a jake in my life face with tears of joy'
b'july needs to come faster'
b'you just wanted us to know you go to the gym'
b'same, a and will are yelling at me haha, i love jeeps man'
b"aaaaaa same here omg im super excited! let's give our best until it ends! waaaa im good im good! i've been studying a lot too"
b'chip still had not responded so your second choice send the lyrics to joshbarron23@googlemail. com chip thinks hes too big for mc jay'
b'day 1 waiting for eminem to answer me and make me the happiest person alive'
b'aw babe you dont have to say that kissing cat face with closed eyes'
b'like i do not hate classes or teachers ever but i hate that class'
b'you look lovely 3'
b'i hope bear wins just to get right up ur suck up snotty nose willis, i am not a big fan of bear but the huge bias is disgraceful'
b'lmao my ex bf would never let me braid his hair! he liked the " princess leia " buns more. face with tears of joy'
b'he blocked me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy could not handle it at all'
b'hakeem was trying to tell his mom about her man was into no good. now she know. i am so glad'
b'you should be great full, cuz some do not even have a mom (me )'
b'empire state of cronut statue of liberty shout out to for bringing'
b's coming tomorrow & new song coming this week!'
b': love being 18 so i can buy everybody else shit bc i do not do drugs grinning face " you do not have to be 18 to buy drugs'
b'i know i ask much,and sorry if this is bothering you,but how can i help heforshe,i will do feminism speech at school,but what else'
b'i love you will go out with me and be my girlfriend'
b'make a difference emma. you represent a fantastic cause which will make the world a better place for women and men \xf0\x9f\x91\x8d\xf0\x9f\x87\xac\xf0\x9f\x87\xa7\xf0\x9f\x87\xba\xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'one must think about why is there still need of asking for a change in lives of women i guess itll always be like that..'
b'wtf is wrong with people lmao'
b'regina smiles up at him, " tired is an understatement but you surely can lift my spirits. " picking up her glass of --'
b'oh yeah forgot about that shit'
b'to me judy their is no one better than another there is no such thing of putting people in categories we are all the same'
b'end of but what a wonderful year! thanks to all of the wonderful people i met. hopeful that i get to connect with more next year.'
b"end your relationship with mediocrity. it has no place in your life when you're doing what's best for you. reach your greatest potential."
b'enemies who once was a friend'
b'enemy " it was once said keep your friends close, and keep your enemy (s ) closer, after all who knows you better than you. catch it!'
b'england coach who failed at world cup backs england coach who failed at world cup shocker.'
b'greetings from ireland. some very interesting and amusing posts on your timeline. have never been to russia, but who knows?'
b'thank you! i greatly appreciate it! peace &blessing to you and your family during this holiday season!'
b'enjoy a nice talk coffee breaks are a way of meeting new people. enjoy the conference and new connections in our'
b"enjoy a ruby's salad, your indian takeaway does not have to be unhealthy!"
b'enjoy breakfast matt & gary coffee takeaway please'
b"enjoy brunei premium'signature ' burgers... visit us for friday takeaway & have an awesome"
b'enjoyed my mexican tea tonight - nicely prepared by the mr \xf0\x9f\x8c\xaf\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b'enjoyed the day getting into classrooms and seeing the great things happening at shs!'
b'enjoying a beautiful day with friends and loved ones will improve your emotional state.'
b'enjoying my relationship, enjoying my life, thanking god cause ik when i am doing what i am pose to do he gone make a way. \xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'enjoying this windy sunday morning... woke up early, did a huge grocery haul (i was pretty much out of everything'
b"enjoy life, we're not getting any younger."
b'\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f\xf0\x9f\x90\x9f enjoy our legendary fish & chips every night monday \xe2\x80\x93 saturday in our special! yours to enjoy only \xc2\xa37. 95 per portion! \xf0\x9f\x90\x9f\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f'
b'enjoy pocket friendly chinese dinner at facing east juhu! for takeaway call : 09769687774'
b'enjoy the fresh smell of apples and imagine eating a slice of warm apple pie!'
b'enjoy these determined need to work on their plan great'
b'enjoy x-factor & a quiet night in with 50 % off your fave takeaway with'
b'nowhere near good enough, either not good enough or do not care enough to put the effort in take your pick!'
b'+ smell of freshly cut grass and how she enjoyed sitting under the cool shadows of the trees in the summer. he knew +'
b'if you cant sleep why not take a selfie with you smiling while lying in bed lol love your music'
b'en route to work. last day yeahh'
b"entertaining a person costs money. even as a woman. but the thing is.. you blow the cash without thought when you're that into them."
b'entertainment & arts - bbc news'
b"entertainment | simon cowell's son looks on intently as his parents share a kiss |via linda ikeji"
b'enter to win 2 vip tickets to 2016 x -games when you include the hashtag, to show your new adventure!'
b"[for christ's sake! why was his best friend so stubborn? that was part of a reason why he actually loved her, but right +"
b'let me put on my kentucky shirt just so you know its real'
b': finally all the bs is done? " hopefully lol'
b"she does? hmm that's awesome to hear.. i was just wondering."
b"on bbc five live you wldn't know city were even playing. joke"
b'epic salad for tea tonight. topped with pan-fried tuna'
b"episode 20 - stalkers - holy cats, we've made it to episode 20! that's awesome. thank you to all of our"
b'jp lost again... pretty sad. the event was great though. now its time to go to work. have a great night!'
b'*smiles* you are my great friend and good person ever i met you.'
b"oh that's good! i do not know if i expressed it well cause there's a subtle difference in saying the same thing to a younger"
b'erased snap chat shit got boring to me.'
b'you should bring back era smile'
b'eraticus take a sickle and bring back sprouts smile'
b'and his non profit org is awesome man. great piece on in regards to veterans and our dog best friends'
b'ha am i supposed to be intimidated?'
b"anything with obama or hillary's name attached to it is a disaster."
b'your dad is more than welcome to withdraw from the presidential race at any time. it will not upset me one little bit'
b'i enjoyed our friendship i miss ur pretty face hmu sometimr'
b'it\'s " im in a really happy mood " *'
b'do not drink too much'
b'woow pwrfect then you need wait at home ready, waiting their call, very funny'
b'i am so happy it helped your skin erin! i started this company to heal my own eczema xx'
b"ah i see. being able to read numbers must be great. but there's too much happening in too little time"
b"erm weren't you just saying shit about the album before?"
b"ernest hemingway's love letters to paris"
b'thanks so much nick! really appreciate the support!'
b'it was great, though i only got to hear half of it before i got called away. sad'
b'errr no... thank you! keep them spirits up and remember how awesome you are x'
b'escape daily life for a couple of days? come to and stay with us.'
b'it definitely seems to permit high density urbanism w/minimized conflict, but response to change & unexpected is inhibited.'
b"if you do not like what god did back then, that's okay. it was avoidable. today jesus lives and you can accept him."
b"good i am so excited i'll be reunited with my queen face savouring delicious food face with tears of joy"
b'especially if the only mf i want do not give a fuck face with tears of joy'
b'especially those people who put up snap stories of them smoking, " vaping " or drinking... lol wyd'
b'especially when 1/3 of them graduated from unc journalism school. yea. i do not get it. usually they are swimming in that tank'
b"especially when it was 7 am time to leave ain't no one trying to get lost in there service is so shitty"
b'especially when you like to spoil your other half and they do not appreciate it, it could feel like extra luggage'
b'pres. obama should have said " freestyle? is that like dressage on a bike? "'
b'so, rather a pole dancer for a role model than an athlete?'
b'espn is disapionted that they didnt get the game tonight. it is monday night after all'
b'the rangers are going to demolish the panthers saturday night in florida and start a new 9 game winning streak. panthers going down'
b'dan, do you think jason tuck or that paul pierre kid make the giants roster?'
b'wow college football seems so intense. what a great game, great job putting together that schedule'
b"the one with the best ideas will win. we've seen some great (! ) ones from bo, but now's the time for change."
b'we even have a full fridge. im so excited'
b'happy happy birthday mommy karla ng lahat.. hehehe.. thank you for always there to us. i love you po. hope you notice it.'
b'you made a stereotype about cub fans seem cool, that is so completely uncool. her parents must be so proud. never using'
b'eternally grateful to - your music and lyrics really did get me thru my loneliest of hours'
b'i wanna be your gf so bad, one thing is that im really sarcastic soooo grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'eu a good friend of jamaica \xe2\x80\x93 jsif head - jis'
b"hey i am a big fan. my all time favourite is the song 'bring me to life ' is it based on christian theme? please reply. thank you"
b"i swear i get favs when i tweet dumb shit but whenever it's something sweet i go unnoticed sleeping face face with tears of joy"
b'me too! my maths is on monday grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'even celebrities get excited when they meet harry styles'
b"even if you're not particularly interested in cricket i think you'll enjoy our doc about tonight 10 o 'clock."
b'even more breaking shocking news : chelsea and barcelona have agreed on a 4m fee for lionel messi! more to follow! "'
b'even on not so sunny days the wakawaka base will provide solar light & power to charge your phone.'
b'even the lady making my cake is making the decisions for my party without considering my feelings, idc anymore'
b'even tho arsenal lost but am happy liverpool made my day by trashing shitty like babies'
b'even tho running man team did not win, but they are still the best. they gather 100 famous person on time with a phone call only.. wow!'
b'even though i hate winter cause i get sick but whatever'
b'even though the build has been terrible for i am still looking forward to the show. the matches should be great.'
b'even though may have had to help me mulligan because of the drinking, i still won. lol 2 and 0! smile'
b'eventually, you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is. " \xe2\x80\x95 gary zukav'
b"even when it's not hot down here it's still hot"
b'even with all the drive in the world, you still need gas...'
b'ever feel like ur not friends with some of ur friends'
b'ever have that stupid physics teacher that asked you why birds do not get shocked when standing on nepa wire then said cos insulated feet?'
b'ever hear some shit that makes your heart hurt?'
b'ever look at someone\'s social media and think " grass is greener syndrome "'
b'ever noticed how n s rekindle old sure has the beautiful ability to pause out for the moment'
b"ever seen a girl walking under rain, wanna share ur umbrella with her & when you see she's not fine, you change your mind?"
b'ever since i stopped drinking nobody fucks with me no more lol'
b'ever since i stopped fucking with some people lives been great'
b"ever since i've moved out of the skook my radio game has been everything but t -102. it's a fantastic feeling. radio"
b'ever since lsu lost to bama they been playing shitty'
b'ever try waking up but you keep falling back to sleep? ugh its one of those mornings today.'
b"ever wanted to experience the moulin rouge in paris? take a look at today's blog :"
b'ever worry about yourself when you suddenly fall into a great mood? 1. am i catching a cold? 2. going crazy? 3. just a happy girl?'
b'every age, after all, must have its own aisling and dream of a better, kinder, happier, shared world. " - michael d higgins'
b'every artistic and media endeavor in history has been unabashedly chauvinistic in nature because each was made by ignorant men.'
b'everybody at work laughed at my wallet smh'
b'everybody getting kicked out tonight for drinking at job corp lol'
b'everybody go follow my nigguh'
b'everybody has a story. everyone has gone through something that has changed them.'
b'everybody has left the house what an absolute blast with friends today'
b'everybody hate this class face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"everybody in my group of friends has gotten fried severely. that's what we built our friendships on that shit hilarious face with tears of joy"
b'everybody out drinking and i am tightly tucked in bed lol'
b"everybody please send thoughts to my cat, junior. he's really struggling right now"
b'everybody read this and spread it. stay safe'
b'everybody should go to a concert at least once or twice bec being in a crowd of strangers singing together to songs you love is beautiful.'
b"everybody's smiling when you win. the true test of character is how you handle defeat. this team lacks character."
b"everybody's tired of someone, our eyes wander for help. prayers that need no answer now, 'cause i am tired of who i am."
b'everybody sweat her like catholic school'
b'everybody was at greene street looking good, all turnt up & shit... while i was home drinking henny making roast disappointed face'
b'every child has the right to be loved and respected. everyday.'
b'every child has the right to be protected, loved and given quality education'
b'every dark light is followed by a light morning. good morning and do not forget to be awesome!'
b'every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - doug firebaugh'
b"everyday is a blessing. you're lucky to be here. the second your eyes opened, you saw today someone else died. appreciate life smile."
b'every decision driven by fear is a bad one'
b"every friday i expect the gym to be dead until i get there and remember it's always packed, do these people not have lives?"
b'every girl has run out/lost their makeup so have had to use a shitty mascara from a magazine that was published in 2003 as a last resort'
b'every night i am driving home i wish i had a personal driver cause i am lazy af i drive super slow cause i do not bother hitting the gas'
b"everyone be there, it's semi-state dress warm, make sure to be hype smiling face with sunglasses"
b'everyone come out to the girls bball game tomorrow night to see play and me sing the anthem smile'
b'everyone gets names. without names, we do not know who put down and warn others about you!'
b'everyone go support my good friend with her company'
b'everyone graduates highschool, i can not wait for the real graduation 3 months after'
b"everyone has the right to love & to be loved. but why others are busy playing on someone's heart?is it also love?"
b'everyone is hopping on holmes dick you bandwagon hoes'
b'everyone is in such a good mood today.'
b'everyone is in their feelings on my tl..'
b'every one is living for some one and i am living none but me...! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at your home'
b'everyone is out having fun and i am here being a potato'
b"everyone is so in love to justin bieber's album and i am so happy and proud hehe"
b'everyone jumpin on the justin bandwagon, like lil hoes iv been listening since the chris brown cover. see you all never'
b'everyone keep your prayers for those in mali'
b'everyone knows that if you send the last text at night, the other person is supposed to start the convo the next day. thats how it works.'
b"everyone loses someone eventually. the true test of character is what you once they're gone."
b'everyone make sure to check out that new song (feat. royce rizzy ) - single by'
b"everyone please request by & so it reaches the dct3's spot smile"
b'everyone please stay safe over classic weekend, follow your first mind, and tell your loved ones you love them'
b'everyone ready for school? me either'
b'everyone says luke walton is coaching the lakers next but just wait til phil jackson brings him to ny so they can do mushrooms together'
b'everyone seems to be taking your dreams more seriously these d... more for aquarius'
b"everyone should go read this article my sister wrote. it's hilarious!"
b'everyone stay safe'
b"everyone's watching the dreaded x factor and i am sat with my cat watching a programme about building hitlers () supergun. yah"
b"everyone that's attractive does not live near me"
b'everyone was making comments about how big my butt was. awwkkkk'
b'everyone who failed the physics test \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'every pot got a lid fa true'
b'every quit journey begins with one step : the first day smoke-free! get tips from cdc :'
b'every retweet = 1 signature to bring back ncaa football games'
b'every roast you all make is damn good. absolutely delicious. this is it for me, all day.'
b'every single cholesterol is worth to eat, my tummy is still in happy mood. thanks grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'every single person in my house had plans with friends. been home alone all day lol'
b'every single winter i am confused and shocked by how cold it gets. global warming where art thou?'
b'everything about everything sucks today'
b'because our defence was scaring him shitless like the rest of us?'
b'everything does not need a reaction confused face you gotta charge that shit to the game & move on.'
b'everything happens for a reason open hands sign'
b'everything happy turns sad at one point and sometimes we do not have the will or power to make it happy again'
b'everything i saw/read on it was about how much it meant to pat and to the rest of the room'
b'everything is fine everything is under control'
b"everything is okay it's not but it will be i am hoping. i feel like a piece of shit for not being more emotional and not letting people in to"
b'everything just been dead lately.'
b'everything looks wrong to you.'
b'everything makes perfect sense when i am with you.'
b"everything's just great! smiling face with heart shaped eyes unamused face"
b'everything you do must be real'
b"every time a new song comes on i'll vote"
b'every time i clean my room, i realize how i desperately need another bookshelf. yeah i could get rid of books but'
b'every time i do laundry i throw one sock in the garbage, because i lose shit on my own terms.'
b'everytime i genuinely happy or in a good mood something always has to ruin it. i do not understand that'
b"every time i get a text on hoping it's her and shit"
b"everytime i get on the bus, it's always packed af unamused face"
b'everytime i go to drive i forget which is the brake and which is the gas lol oops'
b'every time i put pants on juno gets really excited because she knows i only do it when i am going somewhere. face with tears of joy'
b'every time i see a preview for hoarders, i grab the closest thing to me and immediately throw it away.'
b'everytime i see a ups truck i think he got da birdz n da bak!'
b"every time i see dave grohl with his long hippy haircut i wonder if he's back on heroin."
b'every time i watch selena i just wanna fade yolanda. talking bout " you\'re such a good friend " fraud ass disgusting ass'
b'every time sam takes a snap of me i never know it'
b'every time she comments on my pictures my heart goes pitter patter loudly crying face'
b"every time someone touches my hand they're shocked by how cold my fingers are smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'every time you bring ps into your school is an opportunity to talk to them about their family and make personal connections'
b'every track in our library is available to be downloaded as an mp3 or a 24 -bit wav. visit'
b'every year angela raynor asks the team what weekend is this? only one correct answer - happy memorial day weekend - thank you 4 your service'
b'every year i get shocked at how cold it actually can be \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'every year i am always shocked about how fucking cold it is'
b'hahahahahaha! pain is funny in my case! also i am immortal. * shows blue flames coming out of my palm *'
b'ewa beach house fire found to be intentionally set via'
b'what are yall talking about? this class is so awesome, i get here early.'
b"i hope so because he's a talented actor that is going to have a long tough road but we need him back on television my prayers are for him"
b'ew why are you saying i love you, you legitimately met 48 hours ago and i want to puke. for shame,'
b'exactly 1 week until i am reunited with school, good'
b'exactly 99 beers in my fridge. full beer inventory complete.'
b'exactly, but some middle class want it raised apparently. rt : romney is lying now -obama cut middle class taxes.'
b'exactly flower child ass bitches! tries one tab ass hoes! i fuckin hate these happy ass bitches'
b"exactly, he looks like he's in good shape, he's jjust lost and someone is heartbroken."
b'excellent dress rehearsals this week year 11. looking forward to the exam performances next week now!'
b'excellent food and beer tonight with'
b"excited about meet 'n some cool & talented peeps at face savouring delicious food thanks to a berry cool mom!"
b'excited about the convention! can not wait to work w/ to make the national platform reflect their principles'
b'excited for the new experience, new people to meet, huge amount of money i can save but a little sadness will always be there.'
b"excited smiling face with smiling eyes meet angelo's new muse in 'psy '"
b'excited to be working for love your melon which is a company that gives back to cancer patients in our community \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'excited to be working with love + light hairdressing on a cool new beauty series!'
b'excited to celebrate tonight with for his this evening! & then hit the game tomorrow night +++'
b"excited to go to the game tomorrow night but it's going to be a cold one!"
b'excited to meet future teachers today. primary teacher interviews staniland academy'
b'exciting stuff happening on transfer deadline day in the spl'
b'exciting weekend ahead! many great events happening with something for everyone'
b'excuse me while i interrupt your schedule meek mill vs drake debate... this was outside ophs. good day'
b'exhale all bullshits in your life.'
b'exhausted is an understatement'
b"exhibit b. idk what she's singing but it sounds beautiful."
b'hot babe girl is loving some lesbian fun. today we'
b'existence makes my life worth living and i will never lose hope in you. you are important for me,i love you'
b"existing ain't half bad. the consciousness part is pretty good."
b'i loved my friends that were kuffar/infidels how could it be right to hate them just bc i was told to?'
b'exmuslims are haters now? more likely people actually read the quran and got sick of the hate.'
b'expectation for the weekends : productive, able to finish homework and work on college essays reality : unable to get out of a blanket cocoon'
b'expecting a call any minute now, telling me that qpr wants to sign me!'
b'expecting is my favorite crime and disappointment is always my punishment.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e disappointed but relieved face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'expect the best. prepare for the worst. forget what others think.'
b'expensive grocery list feeding a family of 5. but also love the feeling of having a full fridge & cupboards'
b'explosion in kabul kills two - media'
b'do you think secret love song - is a good song to define h &l?'
b'please reply me : when will the contract with mm end?'
b'express pkg from dhl, failed to deliver friday, left wrong redelivery note and left 11 char id (they are always 10) you had 1 job'
b"oh man! i wish there was a show in albuquerque since you're here grinning face with smiling eyes enjoy the rest of your day off. much love jesse!"
b'eyebrow twitches'
b'\xe3\x80\x8c \xe3\x80\x8deyebrow twitches, " what did you expect me to do? "'
b'yall sick he prolly reading this shit hoping yall do not name drop'
b'eyyy must be da money'
b'green : organic pesticides kill bees they were supposed to protect'
b'i am disabled and near house-bound, facebook is how i keep in touch with friends and disability support - why am i locked out?'
b'facebook is just a waste of my time, really sick of it'
b"just made some serious changes to their relationship options (they're awesome )"
b'facebook -top tips for business success'
b'depends on how you define intelligence. confidence can be an essential attribute of being intelligent. problem not with the world'
b'failed another physics test smile'
b'failed my physics literally wrote idk this but life is great on all the problems smile'
b'failed physics.. what a shocker did not see that coming'
b'seeing tyt get worse & worse has been crazy. and i was fooled by not knowing about that damn name etc.'
b'face with tears of joy idk why he always putting my name in shit i did not say nothing like that'
b'im not on a great track but im glad its still around its about spreading the word no matter who presents it someone reads it'
b'it is... have a full house lol full with friends & family smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'faith is a virtue in the same way that ignorance is bliss.'
b'fake. a symbol of or " : the power of \' smile \' "'
b"i did not say she was a good example of a christian (or even a human being ), but she's definitely christian."
b'fall convention is today! can not wait to see everyone!'
b'falling back asleep after waking up early is the best feeling in the world'
b'falling back asleep after waking up is impossible'
b'falling in love when lonely is a lot like shopping when hungry, you end up with a bunch of shit you do not need.'
b"fall is my favorite fashion season and it's way to hot down here to wear what i want to wear weary face"
b'exceeded my expectations. laughed so much i kept getting the elbow to be quiet!'
b'fallout 4 is the pinacle of my frustration. waiting years for it to release, only to have a too sucky computer to play it. wait for me!'
b'fallout 4 looks like a awesome game cant wait to play it nice work'
b'fall out boy seemed so happy tonight! they all seemed so content and full of life and i am so happy for them!'
b'fallout touch my butt :'
b'fam having a meeting (w/o me ) about why i do not have a " career. " yet i am 20, in school, work 2 jobs n practically pay for all my expenses.'
b'family bonding " sit on our phones on the couch and watch tv great time fam face with tears of joy'
b'family time enjoying the company \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at casa novelo'
b"love in the house couples ' banquet at rccg chapel of light festac town"
b'famous view point in the winter of shirakawago in japan stock photo, picture and royalty free image. image 27197640.'
b'fam wtf is wrong with him? loudly crying face \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'fandango my mandingo, we should do a movie'
b'wtf is wrong with you?'
b'lmao, so you know its real'
b'fantastic bgm cinematography and a with the best after long time. spectre. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling excited'
b'fantastic feeling'
b'fantastic feeling to be crowned champions, to make history as the first dpmm fc to do us & share d moment with my kids'
b'fantastic first trip of the season to the highlight me and sis celebrating with'
b'fantastic lunch at the clivedon first class food and service'
b'fantastic piece of goalkeeping from pepe reina again'
b"fantastic piece on a young man's college experience, navigating race/class lines. eye -opening."
b'i have never laughed so much'
b'farm season is almost complete my last day of work is tuesday then i do not have to report back til february...'
b"fascinated by girl on the train who's spent the past hour (since she got on ) doing her quite an impressive feat!"
b'fashion business owner musings : self doubt never seems to go away ||'
b'fashion : physics question that shocked everyone :a teacher has apologised after giving h..'
b'fast replies? i like that shit. i feel that i am special.'
b'fast & simple faux braid hairstyles for medium lengthy hair tutorial -'
b"we'll give our best and try our towards"
b'good can not wait to hear your questions and talk books with you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you for your rt and prayers!'
b'fat " isn\'t funny. that\'s rude. the disappointment you feel when your favorite band tweets problematic things... expressionless face'
b'fave lecturer called me katelyn instead of caitlin today and was so embarrassed and apologised so many times why is she an angel from heaven'
b'faves : drama & history least faves : maths and music bc i hate my fucking teacher ugh'
b'fav if i can hug you tired face i need a hug babe'
b"favourite interview i've literally never laughed so much fff"
b'fav to go on a date to a byu football game tomorrow night'
b'i get distracted so easily weary face'
b'hey blaziken can you reply to this please smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"hey jason i hope you're having a great day 3"
b'jev please reply to me i love you'
b'look how cute this kid is!'
b'i want to send you fan mail but i dont know what to get you what woukd you like me to get u? please reply man i want to... please'
b'omg you guys should go to house it would be great!'
b'rain i love you to heavy black heart keep up the great work'
b'your hair looked beautiful in your vlog today'
b'rug what part of texas are you going to? please reply cause i will be in texas too'
b"again you did not do your job. why are you there, you need to i'll alone have just destroyed the usa"
b'every day we learn that comey let a very big criminal named hillary slide what a very big joke'
b'opening an investigation 2 weeks before the election? i am disappointed that the government is tampering with our democracy.'
b'this guys bag is a good start to finding him. maybe he used a cc or debit card for his purchases.'
b'someone reversed into me at traffic lights. did not see me when trying to reverse behind t line when lights turned back to red!'
b'fccs would like to thank telhio credit union for their generous donation of 200 to holiday wish. president and'
b'i can not feel my left ankle after rolling my ankle running this morning'
b'i am pretty sure someone will upload it on youtube'
b'fear is the path to the dark side. fear leads to anger. anger leads to hate. hate leads to suffering.'
b'feeling blessed polished off a bottle of wine last night and i feel fantastic today smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'feeling fantastic about the fact av just spilled prawns and their juices all over my couch'
b'feeling fantastic at ignition'
b'feeling good about tomorrow, not great but ready to just try lol'
b'feeling good about urself is hella fucking important'
b'feeling good got my nails did smiling face with horns'
b'feeling good on my own without you'
b'feeling good this morning :))'
b'feeling good this morning. decided to work from home --'
b"feeling good this morning relieved face even if it's raining outside today thunder cloud and rain"
b'feeling good this morning! everybody who rts this post before 12:45 gets a free ticket +entered in giveaways'
b'feeling good this morning, finna put on my running shoes & chase that money with wings'
b'feeling good this morning god is awesome!'
b'feeling good this morning i hope you are too.'
b'feeling good this morning.. i am blessed'
b'feeling good this morning! it must have been the three shots of calvados with honey i had last night! i really recommend it.'
b'feeling good this morning looking forward to what today will bring. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'feeling good this morning! oh how i love the name of jesus \xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4'
b'feeling good this morning.. will be on cam after 12, get the aw credits topped up face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'feeling honored! can not wait to play tonight!'
b'feeling like an idiot when people scream your name and you can not find them.'
b'feeling like i got this under control somewhat'
b'feeling mad good but i need my bed now lol'
b'feeling particularly " on brand " as i listen to shout out louds 2007 release like there\'s a song on here called " go sadness " like lmao true'
b'feeling pretty disappointed in my wedding photographer choice. yayy'
b'feelings are not right or wrong. they just are.'
b'feeling so sick! can not wait for class to just end!'
b'feeling worst having sore throat face with medical mask'
b'feelin like shitt. hate being sick'
b'feel like crap, tomorrow should be great.'
b'feel like i am going to pass out in the gym today,'
b'feel like i need a new girl to be bothered with but the grass aint always greener on the other side its green where you water it'
b'feel like shit and i need a fucking fag \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'feel like this might be a great day to share some things i have been really digging.'
b'feel really sick disappointed but relieved face face with medical mask'
b'feels good to give my bros & a chance to be them on la radio!'
b'feels good to hear our record on s/o to and'
b'feels like i have not been to a hockey game in forever. no hs football for me tomorrow so i am looking forward to winterhawks -americans.'
b"feels like it's been foreverrrr"
b'feels so good to bust out your homework on saturday night and then have all of sunday to do absolutely nothing'
b'feels so good to lay in your bed after a fresh shower, after a tiring weekend.'
b'but you need to watch the steroline scene in 7x08 it will be really good and i heard that stefan will say ily to caroline'
b'i hate ppl that not only judge but we super wrong with it.'
b"we're like a family at this point, you can love and hate them at the same time."
b"oh my god that's great! the best place i have ever been to i will never ever forget, truly took my breath away. wow. sweden."
b"felt bored af due to uneventful day off and then shitloads of translation work came and it's 02:34 am and i am still up. i love it, in fact."
b'felt pretty dumb after i found out they did not love me the same way. unamused face \xe2\x9d\x97\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'females do this \xe2\x9c\xa9'
b'first, " ex -factor ", then the next morning it was " rolling in the deep " lol'
b'i do not have your number but i love you and everything is going to be okay'
b"thank you so so much for posting the warning - i would've just kept reading and been really, really devastated & triggered"
b'a good quarterback with receivers can roast this defense. nothing has changed in that respect since texas tech.'
b'congrats to and to all been a wonderful year for me to get to know you!'
b'fewer people having their credit card applications rejected, but credit limit increases harder to come by.'
b'because i laughed my ass off reading those " 7zezir " ^^'
b'had the absolute joy of seeing these amazing peeps yesterday x xxx'
b'this friday is who i love like a sister. an insanely hot and hilarious sister. some kind of lannister shit going on there.'
b'ff to and his gorgeous boyfriend even though he do not have twitter'
b'yeah. that panic attack just hit me like a freight train, or like the smell of freshly made popcorn in the office.'
b'fight for freedom rain sound what the well secret love'
b'fighting brings us together.'
b'fights over text are always really confusing because im usually really sarcastic and sassy and the other person cant really tell'
b'film twitter is fun today. *sarcasm emoji necessary *'
b'fina hit his ppl up gotta make sure shit str8 bbl'
b'final day at thank you to and and all who helped run a successful meeting and tourney!'
b'finally a credit card but only a credit limit, ohh well'
b'finally can watch running on empty on my phone, gonna watch this, then go to bed, in love with danny relieved face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'finally day off. and also day off on saturday. yay. i love you guys!'
b'finally, dinner. yes i have not eaten yet. so hungry from all the questions earlier. i need a cigarette break.'
b'finally downloaded an mp3 of " koi no yokushiryoku " / " love deterrence " from metal gear solid : peace walker.'
b'finally downloaded the mp3 version of on repeat now.'
b'finally finish! been rolling since dis morning'
b'finally got around to wrapping up the ending for fallout 4... was expecting more really. the story line overall was great though.'
b"finally got my hands on this year's got a bottle thanks to my sister, then got some on tap."
b"finally got myself a copy of queen of shadows! good though it's weird that the first three books are more expensive than the fourth."
b'finally got round to listening to adeles new song. ooooft. you can call me a thousand times if you want hen'
b'finally got some yessss! long mission with my homegirl'
b"finally got time to watch htgawm. intensity at its best. and it was so bloody emotional at one point. and everyone's acting is just wow."
b'finally! i am done with all these bullshits'
b'finally! " : i took those long nails off. they were just press on for my shoot. omg i can text & tweet again. "'
b'finally lunch time was hungry af'
b'finally organized all of my make up! lol'
b'finally saw and can not wait for next week'
b'finally they decide to answer the phone, thank you ljmu :))))'
b'finally went to see earlier with my brother!'
b"i think everyone is fed up with the convince of a 80 soda pop long time pop drinker now rarely have one it's phasing out"
b"find a man who's worthy of you, do not look for your worth in a man"
b'find a man who will willingly drive your car and pump your gas.'
b'finding money that you hid then forgot'
b'finding nemo was my very first movie in the cinema so much feels i cant wait for finding dory'
b'finding out has hiv is like finding failed a drug test. not'
b'finding ranch in my fridge when i did not expect it to be there is the'
b'finding the best ideas for your blog'
b"finding two awesome hours a day | kivi's nonprofit communications blog"
b'find myself reminiscing about our late nights, early mornings'
b'find out what i love about sundays smile'
b"find so interesting and amusing preeing through people's twitters and instagrams idec"
b"findsomeone that makes you happy even when you're in the worst mood ever."
b'find someone who can change your life and not just your relationship status.'
b'find the beauty in christ.'
b'find this &more supervisor, customer care sales at comcast (tacoma, wa ): comcast brings together the best'
b'lol at a game nigel?'
b"finger waves should stay in the 1920s and 1930s unless you can pull it off and lol this isn't a good example"
b'finished season 1 of lost face screaming in fear loudly crying face so many questions'
b'finish homework, yeay now time to take it easy hehe... happy weekend ~\xe2\x99\xa5'
b'finish swimming to come home to no water, brilliant neutral face'
b'thanks for spelling my twitter name correctly.'
b"fire alarm. one in the morning. it's raining. imma jump the bitch that burnt her popcorn"
b'fire at kokua pool intentionally set'
b"fireball friday! we'll be open all weekend, serving you delicious beverages and great food. doors open at 5!"
b'fire breaks out on 50th floor of chicago skyscraper, injuring 1. blaze now under control'
b'fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found... the latest'
b'fire pit and alcohol with friends at my house, hmu'
b"fire rescuers assist fully -clothed swimmer - 'a woman who went swimming fully clothed had to be rescued by fire"
b'fire that injured teen at greensboro home was set intentionally'
b'first 6 months : you so feisty. i love it. 6 months later : you always got something to say. smart ass mouth.'
b'first all nighter of the year'
b'first ap calc homework of the year'
b'first day at physical therapy xoxo - glozell'
b'first day master class -modeling \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at sugarcraft school'
b'first day of classes...'
b'first day of school... how exciting!'
b'first day of school is always the best.'
b'first day of school.'
b'first day of senior year'
b'first dose of iv steroids.. let the moon face begin!?'
b'first ever friendsgiving was so much fun, and even more chaos ha'
b'first fall of the year is in the books \xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f but i did save my coffee so good'
b'first friends are great because they can learn to share'
b'first game in like 2 freaking days dude.. smirking face'
b'first home game tomorrow night at 7:30 vs tuscaloosa county. need a big turn out by the students!'
b'first look coming soon grinning face with smiling eyes god is great \xf0\x9f\x98\x87thx fr ur endless support always face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'firstly because are they even relevant any more? and secondly, why would ea pay a guy from breaking benjamin. of all people? ha'
b'already late for work due to no 07:00 17 bus from rochdale so please could you reply so i know what to tell my boss?'
b'first meeting to re-orgnise the party in district kohat quite successful'
b"first monday i've ever got to sleep in... wow"
b'first of all, " psycho " is a slur for mentally ill people, it\'s degroative in it self. and it has nothing to do with an angry girlfriend.'
b"first quarter browns ' grades via"
b"first scene : andrew scott as devin walks through the rain with an umbrella while we hear an irish version of 'you are my sunshine '"
b'first snowfall of the season was more of a snowstorm but fun road trip in grey - bruce country'
b'first test of the year in physics today'
b'first thing to do upon waking up in the morning : watch vlogs from my fave youtubers.'
b'first time i actually remembered to record the death fall'
b"first time in london in 2 years. spent so much time here it's nice to be back for a visit."
b'first trip of the season to king power stadium tonight!'
b'first tweet ever - this is my " testing 1 -2 -3 ". figured it was time!'
b'first you get that money then you get that power if he turn his nose up, boy he on that powder'
b"fitch expects sears ' ebitda to be in the negative million range in 2015 and potentially worse in 2016"
b"ha butt head. i've never even seen your face so"
b'fitz yelling " do not lie to me " gave me life... the lies & deception pissed me off too. no more mr nice guy'
b"five games that could end the warriors ' winning streak"
b"five minutes into this week's episode of south park and i must say, if you're a journalist, you need to watch it. all about the media biz."
b'five minutes til lunch time i am already so hungry'
b"he's just a lovable person who genuinely cares about the fans. 5 seconds of summer"
b'five stages of a successful performance review meeting'
b"flashback : the press in 2012 laughed off mitt romney's warning about terrorism in mali"
b'was trying to find our photo! gr8 to hear from you! so devastated we lost. ugh. how are u?!?!?!'
b'scooter would be great when they cut off traffic in london'
b'lmfaoooo god damn it now i really need to watch what i say. pino suave tho face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'it\'s even funnier because their talking about how " shitty " our team is. lol you lost to our shitty team then, how\'s that? crocodile'
b'your resolution is not acceptable. unless you have something worth considering, please do not call. reply to my e mail.'
b'flirting on twitter be all fun and games till a nigga buy a plane ticket lol'
b'floating through the day by doing as little as possible sounds... more for aquarius'
b'flolee6 provides a good example of something to'
b"let's get you back! we'd be more than happy to go over our switch and save promo. dm us to get started."
b'florida do not even participate in winter. little too hot down here'
b"before you get all giddy about the first lady tweeting you, realize she didn't. not signed-mo she does not care about you."
b'i am sure all those filthy mouth rappers you have at the wh shake you to your bones too!'
b'all about business man you have to mentor someone'
b"smh. i wish i could help. ain't shit out here tho. that's why i am tryna move back to the city as soon as i finish school n shit"
b"tired face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face 50cent snatched his career from him, now he's on drugs? df jarule face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'i am drinking now weary face weary face weary face weary face i am good though lol'
b'one person is richer, then another must be poorer. one culture " takes " from another, the other must be diminished. 2/3'
b"it's the idea that is so beautiful. you have to be attracted by it. the potential for a llm revolution is huge!"
b'& - thanks for your rts & your great support of our red dress dash! looking forward to working together!'
b'focus on your goal. no one else is going to do it.'
b"when did popping pills become so cute. starting to see mad females bragging about it like that's attractive"
b'looking forward to a good game of football again.'
b'folk who fat-shame because obesity is " unhealthy " yet smoke and drink for their tumblr aesthetic lol go away'
b'follower -1, unfollowers - 0. i did not know i was this awesome. get your daily stats via'
b"guess it's too late to try the no speak ingles line"
b"liar u've sold ur virginity to a creepy ass man so you can buy yourself a ticket i am not gonna end it dsh"
b'food and no play makes for a boring meeting. vancouver will be great.'
b'food for thought : negativity only makes a negative situation worse. do not feed the fire.'
b"foolin ' around at work jewelers ' row, philadelphia"
b'football and hockey are the only two things i am looking forward to this school year?'
b'football game tonight... 6 hours away. gotta love long bus rides'
b'football has been great but now i am ready to see my girl burn up that track.'
b'football is the best sport ever.'
b'football : local players looking forward to eddie meath game'
b'for a cigarette break and to cuss him out " - reasons why my sister goes to the cemetery'
b'for a down payment of 00 you can work on your self-love and learn to not place your opinion on sh*t that has nothing to do with you.'
b'for a dslr at an price you have found your store!'
b"for all his qualities what i really love about alexis is his level of sharpness and work ethic when he's fresh."
b'for all my complaints about final projects, irl i love school, specifically to be studying what i love. 2 voice lessons a week?!?!'
b'for anyone wondering what i want for christmas'
b'for bbq takeaway call us 22464818 & will prepare the beef patties for grilling. enjoy?'
b'i do not think so. once past this political season, those who left will be back.'
b'that looks like something... can not quite put my finger on it..'
b'for best performance ariana was ranked and justin im so proud of my parents'
b'wells fargo just showed you still can not trust the system unless your on the inside if you have to cheat to win why play.'
b'yeah i would give some deas but you know what i mean.'
b'please send me a direct msg so i can reply. thanks'
b'forever attracted to women who have no idea what they want, but know exactly who they are. which is cool with me \xe2\x9c\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e.'
b'happy birthday beautiful! i hope you have an amazing day! see you in carnaval'
b"at the end of the day you have to do what feels right for you. just know you're appreciated and loved."
b'she always packed and ready to be shipped w/ her too smart ass'
b"im sorry julia it's so weird. cold headache. it is an iconic term bc i am so shocked by it"
b'for everyone that makes fun of my gums showing too much face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"forget \xe2\x80\x94it's all about learn about this shopping holiday with our blog :"
b'forget obama, mine is the real success story - senator mike sonko'
b'forgetting my headphones on long bus rides weary face weary face weary face weary face'
b"forgive those who hurt you. and ask for an apology when you've hurt someone. then you can be happy."
b'forgot a coat today, was okay due to the warm embrace of your takes.'
b'forgot i did not charge my phone up last night.'
b'for lower income families i agree but for poor lil rich kids nah... sorry'
b'for my 18th birthday i want to meet the lovely, inspirational, god -loving, fantastic filled personality, the kind'
b"for other women's rights, see timeline of women's rights (other than voting )."
b"for real though where are they going? what are they doing? they sounded really sarcastic when they said they'd have a good time."
b'for sale : 00 microfiber furniture in great condition, no rips and smoke free relocating and do not have the room for this.'
b"for secret agents kate & jake connors, life's become a balancing act... one sea saw scene after another."
b'for some reason, like nearly 3 months of being smoke-free, i relate. a true and realistic expression.'
b'for that video i wasnt even singing. i literally downloaded an mp3 of people singing happy birthday to make that video'
b'for the first christmas ever, i do not really have a budget that i need to follow for timmy, my family, or myself! smile'
b"for the past 3 weeks i've tried to book an appointment on a friday for my gp it's the only day i finish college early. i'll be dead soon tbh"
b"for the record i feel like shit tonight and studying for this nursing exam isn't helping"
b'for the record, the boy is a legend. thank you for pulling up and blessing me with wave bro. appreciate you.'
b"for the tour has to skip calgary. well i'll keep my fingers crossed that my parents let me go to edmonton my dreams are crushed."
b'cubans deserve to have connections, to use anything they want to talk to each other, even if the gvt. is afraid.'
b': sk8ter boys are so 2002.. " lol \'ing!'
b"found great grandfather's full ww1 records-a government of canada resource-search but a slow download"
b'found : missing new mom, domestic violence victim safe - cleveland 19 news |cleveland, oh |news, weather,'
b'found my id... my day is off to a great start. good morning!'
b'found myself zoning out like 4 times today, thinking about'
b'found the most interesting comments on my drawings ever today... it made my day but damn... really? you think i am that good? ya kid yourself.'
b'found the pug scaring culprit... holiday paper & ads that was hucked at the storm door. the world is safe again for pug kind.'
b'found this on sunday. made me laugh! clever people'
b'found this sticker on conner. hilarious!'
b'four days smoke free and still craving and dizzy and want to be left alone!'
b'four officers blocking two lanes of traffic on university and 13th because someone rear-ended a scooter. no one injured.'
b"four hours sleep isn't enough for me, no xbox support no awkward phone call you've been dreading"
b'four in the morning we be rolling to my house'
b'four keys to a successful first ministers meeting on climate change'
b'four months ago he was doing great. we never think about cancer happening to us.'
b'four more " sleeps " until we move into our new house!'
b'fourpawsddc batman and robin cooking my tea tonight as i be informed it steak night'
b'four yrs old an 1yrs old. dammm i was a cute kid'
b'omg yousef jake gyllenhaal is my favorite actor prisoners is my fav movie of all time and i love how he transforms for each film'
b'really excited for the dof app bruh'
b'sick people, go home then back to your sharia law.'
b'are you concerned about the billion dollars missing from the state department, dead americans in benghazi, classified emails?'
b'but he has no money, hillary has it in the foundation'
b'but they will return cause he never leaves or forsakes you.'
b'hillary says at rally i talk a positive rally not an insulting one yet all she does is insult trump. mixed up person'
b'when you mention more white kids are killed the response is "disproportionate". totally irrelevant!'
b'that usually happens to very bad criminals. they can not stay away from bad.'
b"lol there's nothing that any of them can do. only the sheep from two different herds are going to like either of them."
b"following that logic, there is no way trump isn't hiding something terrible in his tax returns!"
b'if a clinton tells you they are lying.. do not believe them'
b'well white trash ignorance needs the government for help. kkk does not move without food stamps and free sheets'
b'dude will be out ina year'
b'everyone do not be fooled these ppl do not care about you there rich and do not care if they pay more taxes'
b"filegate was a boom for hillary. no one will cross her. i'd love to know what she has on comey. unless he's just afraid"
b'i hate this sort of speculation - even from chris wallace'
b'the russian government is in trump pocket and his wife wants us to be like the old russian government'
b'do it! or send them all to austin and let the libs deal with them.'
b'people better wake up bc if she gets in our america will be gone.'
b'has everyone heard what this man in n. c said about god??'
b'changes story because when you are a habitual liar you have trouble remembering what you said at other times'
b'i am so sick of these emails. did anything bad happen? nope. so get over it.'
b'shame on you evil evil evil'
b"she's a fucken joke no energy you can tell she was sleeping"
b'so why does she take saudi money or help get contracts for blood mines?'
b"tell that to your bill's victims! do not forget your own clients! how do you look at yourself in the mirror?"
b"the collapsing isn't excellent physical health. people do not collapse unless they are very sick. very simple"
b'the people are calling for you to do prison time!'
b'you are so you would have to reach up to scratch a snakes belly! you are without a doubt a corrupt person!'
b'i am a videoorgrapher for 30 yrs. thst video was not edited. richard as usual has no clue. shut him up'
b'i do not believe it for one second. nobody likes her'
b'i read the article, the tweet is right on, the is nothing more than a yellow gossip paper now. very sad!'
b'is that asshole working so hard for hillary, wants to avoid jail also.'
b'it is easy to see why the economy is so bad!'
b"i've never heard of him, he contributes nothing in my life."
b"no jeb what's disturbing is that you do not stand up for your word. signed the pledge and did not mean it."
b'hillary is a liar apparently people do not understand how dangerous her lies can be for our country.'
b'just because the car is burnt out, we can not rule that the woman too is burnt out, please!'
b'did that video of hillary clinton wearing a red outfit show her arriving at hofstra for the debate?'
b"all you have to asked yourself if govt can kill 3000 on 911 can they steal an election it's obvious yes"
b"if she's really broken the law why would the presidency exempt her from prosecution?"
b'like they say, " do not mess with texas ". now other states need to follow suit.'
b'just blame it on their policies e. g. gun control where only criminals and police have guns'
b"please do not they'll only make it worse!! help law enforcement"
b"shut it lady!! it's too little too late on your support for law enforcement!"
b'he speaks to the people, all of them. not like hillary who speaks black when speaking to blacks.'
b'so the mayor does not look at bombs going off are acts or terror? everything else with bombs was considered terror?'
b'last years fine for not having 3 months of insurance was ~$285. i am sure it higher now, but cheaper than obamacare'
b'the future generations. what kind of world are we leaving behind for them! & why wont you care!?'
b'nobody cares about brad pitt getting divorced!!!!! we will watch tmz if we want that kind of news!!!!!'
b"it's western education, dominated by white men, get a hold of that reality if you are going to change things"
b'notice after everyone laughs when she starts calling people names no one was laughing'
b'not sure which one will need a shower more after that embrace.'
b'the african americans are neither dem or rep,, they are just americans who want to be left alone.'
b'like the republican senate and house has been for the last eight years!?'
b'how in the world can anyone still be undecided when we have open borders? still no jobs? really?'
b'sorry minister you are wrong. he will build that wall. the next wall will be between north and south states.'
b'they do not look like the america of my people. sorry 4 their loss but they are 2 angry at america'
b"anyone else notice she's reading from notes? if you want to remember what you lied about you need 2 write it down?"
b'this is pathetic spin when he clearly meant horrible to lose 2nd amendment w/judge appointments'
b'we like mr trump to be trump/we want him to be him america do not want any more a busch, or obama. let him be him'
b"whatever. you go after clinton on everything. she could refuse to eat a cheeseburger and you'd yell elitist."
b'canadians actually buy short term insurance before traveling to us so they arent screwed by our system... telling!'
b"put the son of a bitch in a men's prison after giving him a sex change operation."
b"a bird could fall out of the sky and it would be a politician's fault... it's like being the eldest of 320m kids."
b'all of the left is a problem mostly why america is broke'
b'youre missing a name in there fox. just thought id let you know.'
b'there are a lot of things that i do not like, but mostly it is you! hope ya lose big time!'
b'what is she going to say if she can not lie? her whole campaign is nothing but lies and cover up'
b'isis was formed when bush 1 ran off the the royal guard. the were sitting and waiting d'
b'this has little to with o. c. this is the way the new world order plans to depopulate the u. s.'
b'this is the reason these protest should stop they are not producing anything but violence'
b'this is what happens when you tell americans " you can not exercise your rights"! god bless the child!'
b'very a sad, government say everything is good,, drugs kill everyone and do not have political or racial preferences'
b'and the people no longer have that trust due to the lies from hrc and the current administration.'
b'what you think about vape not being in college if it stopping smokers to smoke.'
b'who was it that investigated clinton in 2002 over this? james comey? why is that name so familiar?'
b'would not it be more beneficial if she created jobs for people'
b'it would have been far more valuable if it was a decent story, you know this.'
b'yes any coward billionaire bragging about money but can not answer the f@$k? which bank you got a billion at?'
b'yes but that does not mean they do not believe in god.'
b'you are an idiot.'
b'you are currently off the air on spectrum cable other channels work fyi burbank, ca'
b"you can not even climb 6 steps w/o the help of 2 men. you'll be fighting your pillow to rise out of bed."
b': cheap prick lesson 1, bring chips to a party that nobody likes but you " keep this in mind.'
b'fraction sector 9 skateboard only r1880!'
b'is a class act. fantastic attitude. wish he was still a'
b'i do not have to make her though? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy jk'
b'love you more than i can explain in 140 characters bb but you bring so much light and love into my life'
b"cant wait hahah what's nice is florence? i've still got some unplanned days"
b'do not you love my lil baby hairs flying out of my head hehe'
b'freaking porn just came on my tl. i am in a room full of children i had to scroll so fast.'
b'freaky fridays playing on abc right now'
b"freaky things girls love, but they're afraid to ask you f"
b'): stupid android phone it needs to get w the program'
b'frederick woods, 64, the last of three men convicted of hijacking a school bus full of children nearly four decades ago was denied parole'
b'free condoms and lube'
b'free flowing football from the super eagles now'
b'free kindle book - how to have a successful and profitable garage sale by tracy kemmerer'
b'sofa - love seat - bed set - chairs - plant (ft lauderdale beach )'
b'free pizza for all of our friends in chapel hill last night. love, \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'free will can determine the outcome of life. it can be your greatest blessing or your worst nightmare in recovery :'
b'french police post photo of dead paris terror suspect and ask public for any information.'
b'ha & i know me too!?'
b'freshly fallen leaves and vanilla smell awful to draco'
b'freshly picked & yummy! find out more about in through via'
b'freshly washed clothes is actually my favourite smell ever'
b"frfr fuck hype and what everybody else wants the grass is not greener on the other side fam lol just be happy i am tellin ya'll"
b'fri 7 sept : " hasta la vista " - story of young men determined to enjoy life, who will not let their disabilities stop them!'
b'its party central over here in h -burg.'
b'friday commute underway with increased traffic on the 290 at sheridan but still up to speed!'
b'friday is finally here and i have to be sick! i hate being sick!'
b'friday prayers for egypt : russia, give and take'
b'fridge full of food you say nothing to eat. wardrobe full of clothes you say nothing to wear. internet full of sites yet you are bored.'
b'fridge full of for the show tonight! yayyyaaaaayayayayay'
b'fridge full of groceries... who dis?'
b'fridge full of three 6 -packs and a large smirnoff ice for tomorrow'
b'fried rice one of the best ideas ever.'
b'friend : i failed my physics midterm other friend : nice nice very nice'
b'friend last night was fun \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'friends are so fun!'
b"friends hangout and do shit together, they hit eachother up and stop by to say what's up, not only when they need something, my fault"
b"friendships aren't meant to last but when there gone it's the pain of that loss that still lingers."
b'friends understand one thing. i am no trail blazer, path shower or any of you may perceive me. so do not give me gyan! this is fun twitter'
b'friends with benefits in india be like : she will do my home work i will do her mobile recharge.'
b'bad i respond late// " hehe i love you ~ "'
b'from 1995, " now that was just for no good reason. "'
b"from car fan to house fan - richard turere's laters home improvement"
b'from drain to outside ground floor the bubbling pitter patter of rain fall continues on in flowing sound minutes'
b'from google making it easier to cast your ballot'
b'from hanamasa with mum family. whadda great moment smile menu for today :4 sehat 5 semaput smile'
b'from my 5 years working with liz la point. check out my new book " i love liz la point - 5 years of art'
b'from my all-girls hs experience, white women are really intimidated to do any hair texture different than their own.'
b'from roadtrips to endless beach days, we love seeing your snaps of wa on instagram. follow us & tag pics'
b'from short-term financial management to real estate finance, a business admin degree prepares you for success.'
b'from throwing up yesterday all over my bed, to dropping all of my modge podge on it today, i still love my babies \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'from volleyball right to football... i look hot.'
b'many prayers for the family and you as you guide your parish through this time.'
b'fr she can be hot down here'
b'fr the people i nanny and babysit for all have the nicest freaking houses like can you say goals'
b"fruit in your water? it's good for you and yummy too!"
b'fruits & vegetables. yummy! had me some good portions today grinning face'
b'always keep little boxes of in my purse... ez fast & yummy'
b'so many yummy ideas! can not wait to add a few to my table!'
b'thanks for the fun yummy party! congrats lucky winners! have a great evening all!'
b'frustrated is an understatement'
b'frustration and anger building up. struggling for release. but fighting and violence is not the way. i am gonna say what i want and shout'
b'frustration build up then you gotta release'
b'fr wanna rent a house up in tahoe with friends this weekend'
b'she had a pretty face... but... her head was \xe2\xac\x86\xef\xb8\x8f in space'
b'fsu might need to start looking forward to field hockey season'
b'must be so proud of'
b'fucc i did not do my home work'
b'fuck all you bandwagon hoes who all of sudden started liking jb like last week who got tickets i get to see and meet him for free whenever'
b'fuck being sick. i literally can not breath right now. and cause of some fucking idiot i was up half the night.'
b"fuck dancing i'd love to sing"
b'fuck drinking, like frfr. i hate waking up off three hours of sleep sick.'
b'fucked up my hip and lost my wallet fuckin shitty i tell ya'
b'fucked up slapen en fucked up opstaan lifestyle'
b'fuck hate " bumper sticker on 64. so many small beings have proudly read that to their parents.'
b"fuck i can not stop crying i've been like this since fucking 5 wtf is wrong with me"
b'fuck i need to charge my phone'
b'fucking & sucking hella niggas but still yelling free her boyfriend face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'fuck i really hate helping slacker kids in class never again'
b'fuck it another cigarette break to waste more time at work'
b"fuck it's hot down here"
b"fuck it's sooooo cold. loudly crying face but it's too pretty to not enjoy and forget about the cold"
b'fuck i want creepers but i want more shirts.'
b'fuckkkk i still gotta do my home work crying face'
b'fuck me over? fuck you & your life. i could careless about you \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'fuck my stupid android phone'
b"fuck over the good girls for the easy bitches.. face with tears of joy swear i wasn't supposed to be a part of this fucked up generation"
b"fuck school today they ain't doing shit but showing movies"
b'fuck. shout out for the record and the starburst'
b'fuck sinclair, i am so glad that bitch is dead'
b"fuck substitutes who think they're actually teachers"
b'fuck texting. i want you here.'
b'fuck the police'
b'fuck the police, cause i know that they watchin \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'fuck the police from every possible direction'
b"fuck the police? i can see you're a ruthless gangster. nobody can control you."
b"fuck the police, we'll be back san antonio... thank you guys houston see you tomorrow."
b'fuck these outta town hoes i am sticking with my local love'
b'fuck this, i am off to my love ; my bed.'
b"fuck what they talking bout on yo timeline. that's cuttin into my time wit you"
b"pain randomly came back on wednesday with absolutely no warning. i've done a lot of stretching and foam rolling & this morning"
b'fukk it, i am popping these pills like they skittles! i can not deal with the migraine, back pains, nausea, hot flashes etc all at once'
b'fantastic dress rehearsal last night... really looking forward to next few weeks performances'
b'full of children with sticky fingers and terrible trash manners!'
b'fully intend on watching every mark ruffalo movie on netflix after i finish this homework.'
b'fun and sexy night! winking face face throwing a kiss so honored to perform and be at the'
b"fun app lets you select a man's voice with different accents as your alarm"
b'fun day at work lmfao'
b'fun day touring showcase house in atl yesterday with friends'
b'did you know that boys who dance are better all around athletes? dancer +artist =athlete'
b'fun gig last night! and sounded awesome and the band rocked it despite being a handshake gig!'
b'fun lil fact : someone can be christian, jewish, muslim, mormon, hindu and literally any other religion and not be a good example of it'
b"funniest interview ever. i've never laughed so much face with tears of joy"
b'funniest night with :when the motor scooter gear got stuck &went out of control n da middle of 66th in traffic loudly crying face loudly crying face wher on it!'
b'funniest shit i seen today face with tears of joy'
b"funniest shit i've heard all day face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"funniest thing i've seen all day thank god i do not take public transport"
b'fun night with great people || h18bd santi, hope you enjoyed it'
b'fun night with them'
b'funny girls fails and stupidity'
b"dude it's like 5 degrees outside and you're wearing a freaking tshirt"
b'funny too! lmao! sweetie you are awesome do not every change for anyone. btw foooooooooddddddd.'
b'funny typos that changes the context of the whole conversation - you will roll on the floor laughing!'
b'funny we never hear about that level of work ethic with certain players to remain nameless.'
b"funny who's talking. aren't you the person who does nothing but live from someone else's lives? how boring."
b'fun place for - half shop half'
b'fun & powerful people : of the press and trade days at the los angeles auto show in the los'
b'fun set of irish drinking songs last night at the excelsior. i wish was there to sing along.'
b'furlough day 1 of 8. shutout to our legislation that have put public education on the back burner ntm taking money out of my pocket'
b'future is sick he said " i aint got no manners for no sluts, imma put my thumb in her butt " lmaoo'
b'future of work : " a culture of \xe2\x80\x98 technical \' & collaboration around design & co-creation. "'
b'future of work : every company needs to innovate in some form & to do this as a culture.'
b'omfg i love thaaaaat! lol'
b'sad well take it easy'
b'you created the best game i ever played, with an amazing soundtrack, an original gameplay and a story that inspires me. wow!'
b"fyi the grass is greener on this side. my side. i am the greenest fucking grass you're ever gonna get. act accordingly"
b'gaahhhhh i love that ou basketball is back on track. already looking forward to march! this team is great.'
b'thats hilarious! i broke mine about a yr ago. good stuff on the run, always packed!'
b"still kinda upset but so happy you're going you deserve it. have an amazing time, do not puke. i love you"
b'what a coincidence i think the same face with tears of joy face with tears of joy kidding great words by the way. thanks for following me smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'gahdamm facebook, could you be a little more subtle please'
b'gah these complications existed since may and idk how i got it under control then but somehow i can not rn?'
b'thank you gail. the world is blessed to have people like these genuine individuals who bring light to the dark'
b'gaiti keeps it classy with golden and black look'
b'this needs to be restricted to " tacticool ", or i\'ll pull out my photo holding the beretta shotgun done by the apple watch designer!'
b"game and time to get healthy he's been hurt all year, all new coaches colin is only a little part of the problem"
b'gameday tomorrow. that means hanging with friends in a house with 3 cats. i usually pack catnip. i look forward to this every week.'
b"but it's so much better than the movie. do not get me wrong, the movie was good, but had it been closer to the source --"
b'could you reply please'
b'please reply me and please bro'
b'garageband is sounding like the thing - will have a snout when i get home!'
b'i laughed so hard when i saw it'
b'if the pen some-how transfers writing-motion to the screen, then it is an amazing advance for note taking?!'
b'yes please can we have a gb selfie as it is my 1yr follow anniversary from you xx'
b"good afternoon! glad i hope to see you soon! you were watching the game, liverpool won're happy gary! enjoy your weekend!"
b'i am marrying my forever love after 22 years and would love you to come to our wedding in 2017'
b"my boss is 50 in december and she's been talking in her salon this morning how fantastic it would be if you turned up!"
b'will be available as a song to download on itunes?'
b'are you just saying this to put people off you wearing your undies on motd saturday? we havent forgotten.'
b"having a go at someone for finishing 2nd or 3rd he'd be happy with 4th would not he?"
b"sorry i'll miss it tonight, i am watching some paint dry"
b'not me gary not whilst the footy is on'
b'he called his own wife an eu migrant and an immigrant in parliament.'
b'would love a rt for my partner, who has terminal cancer, trying to raise donations for her bucket list'
b'gas is 50 a gallon breh what a time to drive a v8'
b'ga slapen yesterday you said tomorrow so just do it'
b"gawd i've been through a lot of bullshits and still counting... face with tears of joy"
b'incorrect. the equivalent would be the credit limit on a credit card.'
b'hey thanks for the follow!... what would be a good online source for indigenous royalty free shimshali & balti music?'
b'good happy to hear! i just got back from australia, i am settling back home and picking up books again!'
b'thanks so much! smile glad you enjoyed it!'
b'g dont forget to wish your crazy lot ki pyaari si member face throwing a kiss its her birthday today please do wish her okay heavy black heart'
b"cool wish i could play it but i am still banned even tho it's been like 4 years face with tears of joy"
b"geech unlocked his and ain't know was going hack his twitter"
b'video camera geeksofdoom : vladtheimpalainvalhalla : bugtears : modmad : we interrupt your usual schedule to bring you'
b"completely understand your concerns... valid point. for what it's worth, i once dated a woman who hit me for no good reason"
b'i dont have to say it cause you know naman i do ha'
b'geezer can not play that attacking free flowing football that they have started to play now! long ball when his on'
b'gender has nothing to do with love'
b'hope you have a great day'
b"general news \xe2\x80\xa2 'school kids drown in densu river ' via full story at"
b'generous airline loyalty and credit card reward programs likely to get stingy under new rules to be announced soon'
b'geneseo cross country what a day! the women place 2nd and the men place 3rd overall at nationals!'
b'genesys uk has its own blog now! subscribe to the best ideas, tips, and stories around'
b'gen is always packed worried face'
b'genuinely feel that lvg wants to play that nice attacking free-flowing football & is instilling the basics in order to do that'
b'genuinely never laughed so much at an interview ever'
b'kick & roll open gym sessions are always packed full of heat!'
b'both hats look very cool ; smooth with the feathers'
b'george road closed between eagle drive and charles street for construction. pse &g is doing gas work.'
b"i miss you even more, if you're free tomorrow night, get your arse to woking."
b"i've just had this issue, do they charge to your phone at all?"
b"na i've just priced somewhere else up thats a lot nearer n a lot better value for money"
b'what movie are you working on next? big fan of your work.'
b'german singer whose lyrics insult gays and jews to sing at eurovision'
b'aspects were known 50 yrs ago & more over last 30. why we always need new antibiotics. however use needs to be restricted'
b'get a disposable roasting pan, add turkey, spices, cover with foil and let that baby cook for hours. i believe in the simple route'
b'get a little closer better be on the album rita ora'
b'get a takeaway from us this evening & enjoy our food from the comfort of your own home'
b'get distracted sooo easily tired face'
b'get home and tell me these antics'
b'get home drunk to find my roommate playing trivial pursuit w/ his bf. jump in for 2 games and destroy them each time. *drops mic, goes2bed *'
b'get home n facetime me'
b'get me famous so i do not have to go to school anymore'
b'do not die now! the episode keeps getting better!'
b'get money niggas hate but hurt when you do not come around'
b'get my subtle joke please.. (look at the time-stamp )'
b"get on that fit5? four you wedding fing3r. love? i'll pay four it when i see you? i love you baby love. always. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f\xe2\x84\xa2"
b'get out this afternoon and enjoy some sunshine. weather looking pretty nice here in okc'
b'*gets beauty school dropout sticker for my car that i do not have *'
b'get the investing tips and tricks you need'
b'get the secret to twitter success'
b'get the weekend started right with friday happy hour!'
b'get this little videos for free'
b'getting 100 % on a math quiz when you are just too over powered in english to handle math!'
b"getting addicted to a show, then watching all the episodes and feeling so empty when you finish them, because it's over. just fucking over."
b'getting a late start on this slow cooker meal.'
b'getting better at contouring. secretly thinks to self i am the contour queen.'
b'getting better use out of you already have'
b'getting better : via'
b'getting drunk with other people is so boring now. i am so over it i just want to get my shit together lol'
b'getting forced fed by my boy and best friend today was just ridiculous.. need to start getting better'
b'getting gas and then i am starting the drive back to okc. can not wait to be home! missing good old ok!'
b'getting hit up with that ntb.'
b'getting home for break... first things first gotta raid the cabinets/fridge for real food!'
b'getting in shape is a long road, but each and everyday you will feel better, and be one step closer to achieving your goal.'
b'getting me some random followers doing this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ps... my friend caught you at a good angle ha'
b'getting my mom to buy a matching purse in a different color so i can borrow it smile'
b'getting my weight back i am smoke free smiling face with sunglasses'
b'getting new northface! the highlight of my life!'
b'getting ready for another super fun night w'
b'getting ready for the first party in the fantastic party factory studio in hollywood... for my best girl \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x94 feeling excited'
b'getting ready to go to work. i love you so much. i hope you have a really good day.'
b'getting ready to make this the most productive day of my life. waking up at noon was a great start!'
b"getting ready to visit with friends. it's a good week to share a bit of good news and gratitude."
b"getting really sick of studying even though it's only the first semester"
b'getting " sluts " is too easy... finding a respectable woman to spoil is hard...'
b"getting some lunch time delight! hope you're hungry smiling face with open mouth"
b'getting so sick i hate this'
b'getting tipsy. 3rd glass of fancy wine. letting/encouraging my dog to kiss me on my face. ok my lips. maybe.'
b'getting to reinhart is a hikeeee'
b'getting up from bed just to charge my phone'
b'getting up super early ; hectic day ahead! starting to slot in more lovecraftian stuff into my too.'
b'secret love song xx'
b"getting wifi out in the shop was by far one of the best ideas i've ever had"
b'get to work and my boss said it was so slow during his shift he was falling asleep standing here so obv for my shift there is nothing to do!'
b'get to work on my last day in appleton!'
b'get you a woman who was loved by her father she might just respect you and love you right if ur good enough'
b'get ur indian takeaway from sizzler dunstable and enjoy the free beer when you spend \xc2\xa325. 00 - delivery only'
b"get well soon hyung! (oppa ) let's watch roommate together when you get home. :*"
b"get well soon yixing so happy you're reunited with the boys. good i love you"
b'get yo bitch under control, she keep tryna leave wit me.'
b'get your hoodie online today at'
b'doing a really sarcastic you should fit right in under my breath'
b'nothing better than a great vacation in a sunny and happening location! do not forget the less fortunate!'
b"ghetto parents yelling at their kids he's 4 he does not understand threats"
b'g hill could not handle and at the same time last night face with tears of joy'
b'i found another one get ready for some spam'
b'happy birthday nugget! i hope you had an amazing day! i miss you'
b'giant arrested! the spirit and anger and of fighting possessed this man from a baby stage through a name. it is'
b"i'll stop watching if she does not"
b'gifts for boyfriend - gorgeous image'
b'i just laughed so hard'
b'everyone is entitled to their personal space and safety, keep doing you gigi, we love you.'
b'thanks for taking the time out of your day to make us smile. you really care about your fans and it shows. we love you.'
b'thank you for showed everyone how to defend like a girl i hope you are okay'
b"they're trying to make you look bad, but we know you'll never do that"
b'this is bullshit wth! i am so proud you stood for yourself, this should never ever happen! i am sorry for you'
b'this tweet is a good example of why you do not speak using hyperboles'
b'i was wondering if i should watch! from this the answer appears to be " no run fast in the other direction " so thank you!'
b'! " : practice being cancelled would be a gift from god "'
b'having fun with your new boyfriend gorgeous gina smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'gintama fandom sux i cant even have my dream url in peace'
b'made that correction, i need more gio in my life'
b'goodnight with your beautiful ahh face throwing a kiss'
b'i love that shit smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"girl : i want a freak me : i'll put my thumb in your butt while i fuck you"
b'girllllaaaaaaa your a cold bitch tho face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you ran out on your responsibilities. but i can honestly say i am not shocked at all i knew it'
b': i fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much.'
b'idk why i laughed so hard and why i am still laughing'
b'girls are 12 and already sucking dick and 13 loosing their virginity worried face sleeping face'
b'girls be like " 8/23/13 i love you babe black heart suit " bitch isn\'t that today\'s date?'
b'girls decide they do not like me before even giving me a chance. i promise i am nice. i want to braid ur hair and talk about makeup'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy girls just like being sluts do not they?'
b'girls just wanna have fun grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'girls literally walk up to nodir giggling and tell him he looks like james franco all the freaking time'
b'girls love being in nothing, but a big shirt and underwear'
b'girls need to recognize when they have something good trying to interact with them cause they complain about guys who are sus only if they'
b'girls reveal the most common mistakes guys make in bed! ('
b'thank you very much for the info. i am going to follow u. awesome job!'
b'girls who say " suck my dick " aren\'t clever or funny. that shit is strange. you do not hear guys saying " suck my pussy " as a comeback'
b'girls who throw around " i love you " to every single guy makes me want to puke \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b"girls will sleep in your bed & take up all the space like they're at home."
b'girls will stressed that they do not need a nigga, the next day they cuffed up.'
b'girls with hot guns & sexy garter tattoos'
b'girls with long hair catch first everytime'
b"you right it ain't i just hate this class weary face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'girl they be irking me. i had to get my irritation out somewhere face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. class full of children'
b"girl, you got straight sloppy on that snap story.. bet you're feeling good this morning.. face with tears of joy"
b'girl you scaring me fr i promise i will not tweet not a song me myself personally face with tears of joy'
b'we seem to be bucking the trend so far. i am truly shocked that so many are playing into terrorist hands with all the fear. 1/2'
b"over here it's always packed cause its food is very good all fresh"
b'give a person power that will be a true test of character.'
b'give me 15 minutes to do my home work ok byee ill be back one direction'
b"\xe3\x85\xa0\xe3\x85\xa0 i wish we can go every bts's event tgt it would be so nice! cant wait to see you guys next week finally yeah ~!"
b"give me your best ideas for rewards for weight loss {i'm planning for when i get to my goal }. no food rewards."
b'give mummy a kiss before a 12 hour shift too much love heavy black heart'
b"given how tough the sec has been in that span, it's quite an impressive accomplishment."
b'given these are their two best wins, pretty spectacular fact.'
b') give people a bit of your heart rather than a piece of your mind.'
b"gives a good example for trans teens... that theyre not too young to be trans or that they're strange or weird"
b"give us a rt if you're excited to meet santa this thursday!"
b'give you all my social networks so you know its real face with tears of joy'
b'giving a family thanksgiving this year. smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love my church for doing so much volunteer work'
b'giving has always been a true test of character. do you add to society, or do you expect the most from society?'
b"you're really funny and amusing (tweets mo ) ha and i find you really interesting good"
b'glad having a great conversation with you tonight. hahaha.'
b'glad i can not see this game i despise jim harbaugh'
b"glad i did not bust my ass in high school, i ain't sweat shit & might be makin more money than folks who go to college for 4 -6 years"
b'glad i did not go to whatever party that was last night'
b'glad i get off work at 3'
b'glad i got to see my sister one last time last night. baby angel rest in love annie, always hibiscus \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'glad i am caught up'
b'glad my foots getting better'
b'glad myke do not put nor keep me in hoe drama'
b'glad that person was in my dream'
b"glad they weren't so baroque they couldn't afford gloves"
b'glad this my last day at work for a week'
b'glad to hear you enjoyed it. did you know 75p from everybag sold is donated to the samaritans?what is swimming in your tea?!'
b'glad to know i mean so much to you.'
b"glad to say we'll be at on july 30! tickets on sale now at"
b'glad to see get a good turnout in halifax'
b'glad to see my 10 cents a day is going to good use'
b'glad to see terror attacks do not interrupt party schedule'
b'glad to see is clearly an unbiased blog reporting on " voter repression "'
b'glad to see who true friends are'
b'glad you blocked me on facebook because i told you your boyfriend was impersonating someone else.. makes sense lol'
b'glad you had fun, and glad you liked it! i love you.'
b'glad you proved me right grinning face'
b'we were guessing it was her husband like tryna kill us bc this bitch was crazy lookin i could not handle lmao!'
b'i dont get on well with the anaesthetic so can sympathise! i love my bed normally but fed up of being stuck in -'
b'the shaders/consoles back then could not handle floating point which made it look like vertices jumped.'
b"i think evans is another one who's going to be really good"
b"that's what im gonna do omg! apparently i can be loud, cos i yelled i love you at chris and i think he heard me lmao"
b'talking about everybody was at greene street looking all good last night while you was making roast lol come thru tonight!'
b'did comey comment on case as dems say or did he simply fulfill his duty to notify congress'
b'is a sociopath that cries a lot and lies more than msm'
b"glenn is so dumb. he should've gone back to alexandria. now he has a piece pulled on him."
b'glenn robinson had 17 points against the bucks. that is a new career high for points in a game for him.'
b'glenn\'s fate revealed on \'walking dead \': it\'s been a long few weeks for fans of " the walking dead, " but finall'
b'fjglkhsfhlfd oh yeah i did that for no good reason'
b'glory and praise to god for keeping me smoke free for 2 weeks smile'
b'they only have that 16yr old striker, so they desperately need a striker, even if that is chamakh lol'
b'gmorning bang 3 5 seconds of summer - she looks so perfect - vevo dscvr (live )'
b"g'morning! just waiting for my to get home so i can get his back in me, where it belongs smile"
b'sessions will allow landowners to come in and talk about their progress.'
b'" what a day for cosby "'
b'go ahead, be a when it comes to your ride.'
b'goal for the day = successful bag sale!'
b'goal : only say nice things today with no attitude.'
b'when you and bae finally moved in together smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'go and buy oil 10 mins later, " where is abeiku? "'
b'go and check out my good friend stream of fallout 4 on twitch'
b'go checkout my little brothers highlight tape'
b'god bless my parents being strict on me lol i am proud to be who i am today!'
b'god bless the young lady who honored the fallen soldier. prayers for our brave soldiers and their families.'
b'god blue jays fans are suck idiots. reyes is an idiot too. joseph definitely was trying to step on his hand while catching the ball!'
b'god can do some remarkable things in your life'
b'god can interrupt your schedule.'
b'godddd that shower felt so guuuuud.'
b'god has it all under control ; go to sleep.'
b'god has something good in store for me tonight!'
b'god have ways of showing us.. b rdy!'
b'god hears your prayers, whatever you ask for in faith believe you have received it and it will be given to you!'
b'god.. i cant wait til my find me... this is what i want him to wear... with some nice dark jeans n a polo tee'
b'god i can not wait to play tonight smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'god i look exhausted and i am. no my hair isnt cut off. just in pony tail. i need a long long nap'
b'god i love him lol smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"god i love pam african studies. so much. idk what i would be doing if i wasn't having so much fun in this class."
b'god i love school of rock so much, there will not be a more perfect movie in my heart'
b'god i am so glad i am nice lmao. relieved face'
b'god is watching us and love is all around!... hehehe'
b"god i you're so cool. i wish i was you.?"
b'god thank you for a new blessed day ijn amen'
b'god will send a word at any time and interrupt my schedule no matter what i am doing.'
b"god will supply us with the opportunity, but it's up to us to do something with it."
b'go figure. the 1 day i am intentionally dragging my feet to work to miss the fire drill, i am still too early.'
b'go find other guy, he doesnt deserve you afterall. smile love xx \xe2\x80\x94 hehe thank you xoxo'
b'go fuck yourself'
b'g o f you c k y o you are s e l f'
b"go 'head and talk your shit, i know you're hoping that i'll react"
b'i would be like a bull in a china shop, wide open lol'
b'going through crowded nyc streets with my mother on her scooter reminded me of how appalling people can be about slow moving traffic.'
b'going to a show/concert with me is literally just me yelling profanities at the band/performer so do not expect good videos'
b'going to attempt to sleep early today'
b'going to back to shithole parma senior high, cant wait to see all your shining faces.'
b'going to be a fun final week'
b'going to be awesome heavy black heart'
b'going to bed and not setting an alarm, can not remember when that last happened'
b"going to beddddddddddddddddd. gonna go and get my knee stabbed in the morning (steroid injection ) - that'll be fun."
b'going to bed, hopefully when i wake up, juju will be ahead of those faggots and the voting will stop being messed with. smile nightttt.'
b'going to do burgundy & black kinky twist in 2 in a half weeks smile'
b'going to get the new edition to my fam... my 4 -legged little girl. paw prints'
b'going to for tea tonight smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes waffle or cake? or both?!'
b'going to lincolnshire... might see my beloved father'
b'going to school again tomorrow. school nalng everyday, even saturdays cuz i love school!'
b'going to school with wet toms.'
b'going to set up a display booth on saturday night at the panther hockey game and looking forward to meeting new'
b'going to show and a thing or 2 about golf tonight'
b"going to sleep at the same time every night increases your chances of achieving a good night's sleep."
b'going to sleep... byebye sweeties! 3'
b'going to sleep in a great mood'
b'going to take a hot shower so i can get ready for hell'
b'going to take this goofy train to the top of pikes peak (at manitou springs, colorado )'
b'this could be downloaded right? i wanna upload a bunch on my mp3'
b'he looked like he just got hit on the back of his knee. no awkward bending of the knee. hope not serious.'
b'- need a good source of ideas about gold then continue on! -'
b'thank you for helping me pick out the perfect wedding dress! looking forward to my fitting in april - laura xx'
b'- what you need to know to cash in on your gold -'
b'this is the understatement of the year. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'go listen to my new song " montedayungg - daily " \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'go look at what a professional twerking on facebook she is, she does not work out she twerks out, like its super cool " -quinn face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'that question is not absurd, i would just like to know why you want someone to sing the song to you so you know its " real "'
b'go morning. still can not use my internet because it got absolutely destroyed yesterday. fixing all that when i get home later today'
b"gone from my nice cosy flat in dundee to traffic jams and a house with broken heating. it's definitely not good to be back in falkirk face with tears of joy"
b'gone (not very far ) in 60 seconds : incredible moment pensioner caused traffic chaos by going ro...'
b"i am fr you have to drive lol i'll help with the gas"
b'i love dogs, but its important to never forget that they enjoy eating their own puke and shit'
b'gonna attempt to go to sleep early tonight... grinning face with smiling eyes sleeping face'
b'gonna attempt to go to sleep early tonight.. hope it all works out'
b'gonna be a dirtyy weekend in ic, lets fucking goo'
b"gonna be a great day tomorrow! we have 2 track cars to look at. the 650hp 2, 2l 3b audi seems to be the one we're going for"
b'gonna be another looonngggg day'
b'gonna be nice to be back in the 717 for a week'
b'gonna bring back the goat avi guys. prepare yourselves'
b"gonna buy some nike air max's to follow all the hipters"
b'gonna expect something to keep me busy after my shower so here smile'
b'gonna force my mum to take me to costa before work'
b'gonna go shower up so if any of yall idiots try to tweet me and be like oh were you at... now you know'
b'gonna make myself a cup of herbal tea in attempt to make myself feel better n go to sleep, feel so shittt'
b'gonna miss beta convention but i can not wait for next year'
b'gonna start making my cake pops again for the holidays shortcake'
b'gonna try to finish homework in how many hours woo rakrakan na'
b'big up to go through loosing his virginity today winking face good job bro face throwing a kiss'
b'good afternoon and happy friday to everyone! well i am ready to get my weekend started. going to hang out with my'
b'good at painting/decorating? enjoy project work, fire alarm testing & conducting regular maintenance checks? we have the perfect job for you.'
b'good conversations happening at event. doing a great job of mentoring'
b'good day 2 hook up sum grub on da grill... have an amazin day everybody wherever you are around the world... cheers! smiling face with sunglasses'
b'good day for the 222 car. strong in the wet and dry. did not put slicks on in p2 so we finished down the order in that one. p8 for the day smile'
b'good deed of the day. reunited a lost mobile with its owner. yay.'
b"good first night out with the boys. it's so damn nice to be back, i've missed gilbert very much."
b'good foggy morning \xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1'
b'good gosh! chris paul is gonna be feeling that one for days!'
b'good icons are hard to find!'
b'ugh every time it catches me at home i cant move from my bed. i love this show'
b"good lord love in the dark would have been a perfect olicity season 3 song. like it's season 3 angst 100 %"
b'good luck to all our students and faculty at quite an impressive list of presentations!'
b'good luck to my amazing girlfriend tomorrow on her state physics exam! love you, you will do great'
b'good luck to my starlights friend this weekend \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f skate your heart out gorgeous \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good luck too them boys from bethesda playing in that state ship today \xf0\x9f\x8f\x88\xf0\x9f\x8f\x86'
b"good luck to our who are on the road this wknd! bring home some w's and keep that winning streak going!"
b"goodluck to the moody football players today! been looking forward to this all week! love y'all face savouring delicious food face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'good luck to the other physics classes today'
b"good match isn't it... some lovely free flowing football"
b'goodmoring baby love you \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96 two edits after school smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good morning all you wonderful people'
b'good morning... and good night soccer ball " woke up to a win. pretty great start to the day! \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f "'
b'good morning, and what better way to begin the week than with the smell of freshly roasted espresso in the air?'
b'good morning beautiful. i hope you have a fantabulous day. i love you.'
b"good morning eorld! heavy black heart to start this monday here's our fave heavy black heart"
b'good morning everyone, please have an amazin day...'
b'good morning from so excited to get rolling this morning hello'
b'good morning grinders infuse some level of smartness in your work ethic today be productive'
b'good morning, he looks gorgeous'
b"good morning! here's a funny dog video to keep your saturday rolling!"
b'good morning. i awoke to find myself still aldvez whifh is a comparatively great start to the day. jonathan ross'
b'good morning! if nobody has told you they love you yet today let me be the first i love you! have a blessed day'
b"good morning im in a hella good mood so everyone be happy k k y 'all are hot k bye \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"good morning, it's a beautiful day!"
b'good morning have a nice day'
b"goodmorning messages are nice. it's a good feeling knowing you're the first thing someone thinks of when they wake up."
b"good morning or maybe is it night? hard to tell bc it's so fucking dark goodnight"
b"good morning smile such a good morning! sooooo happy and excited about argentina's future! meet mauricio"
b'good morning to all of you, i am chad & i love you...'
b'good morning twitter! stay away from negativity & negative people and have an amazin day! be positive!'
b'good morning winners, " you were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and'
b'good morning world! what offends us today? what do i need to watch when i say it now? what angered the p. c. police when they woke up today?'
b'good mornin.. i hope you have an amazin day.. if you learn somethin hmu asap'
b"good mornting that's my momma getting gas for this young drive to new haven"
b'goodnight alfie, thank you so much for noticing me yesterday! you really made my day and i love you 3'
b'goodnight all! big hug/kiss! have a beautiful night! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'goodnight babe 3 i love you sleep well'
b'goodnight babe i love you sweet dreams stay beautiful face throwing a kiss'
b'goodnight beautiful sleeping face'
b'goodnight beautiful people smile'
b'goodnight beautiful people face throwing a kiss'
b"goodnight beautiful/weird world i love all of y'all."
b'good night everybody! make sure to contemplate about your entire existence before you sleep ^_ ^'
b'goodnight \xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x9c\xa8 friendly reminder that mark tuan is the most beautiful sunshine boy \xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'goodnight i love louis and harry very very much and i am so thankful for all of my beautiful mutuals smile'
b'goodnight lil babies, rest your mind, body, and soul for the beautiful thing called, tomorrow \xe2\x9d\xa3\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d'
b'goodnight look at this beautiful angel'
b'goodnight loves remember that you are beautiful and deserve every bit of happiness and more! sleep tight xxx'
b'goodnight loves! smiling face with horns we are fresh out the shower, too lazy to shave so i apologize face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'goodnight mama.? i love you & miss you so much.? i wish you were here, but i am staying strong for you.? sweet dreams, see you soon.?7?'
b'goodnight... my parents are wonderful'
b'goodnight. super excited about the upcoming week with family visiting and all.'
b'good result for common sense, where will it end if we can not chose what clothes to wear.'
b'good start to college'
b'good stuff with my netflix evening lol - drinking a ziegenbock amber by -'
b'good thing i am nor going to spend all my money at downtown disney.'
b'good times'
b'good times with good friends'
b'good tips to use when you need information about gold -'
b'good to see you in happy mood, congratulation on your successful filmdom'
b"goog bowling but i'll be drinking instead lol"
b"google's 5 keys to becoming a success might surprise you"
b'love the debt clock at gop trouble is they dont break out what portions was bush and what is obama'
b'anyone leaving the us & fighting as a terrorist in must lose their citizenship & be arrested asap'
b'thanks for the following'
b'gorgeous girlfriend home sex tape - description : teen girlfriend is smoking hot and allowing her boyfriend to are'
b'gorgeous + having jaden smith as a boyfriend? sarah snyder wins at life smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b'see you next wednesday! looking forward to supporting some local/hometown hockey.'
b'the iraq war is a pretty good example of the american christian theocracy'
b"gosh! this really funny? min woo's version gangnam style? am style"
b'got 3 cds of today for 50 % off from via us only sale! i can never find their albums at a good price.'
b'1st anniversary fan meeting 365 + playground : this was one heck of a successful event. awww loudly crying face'
b'i must be pattient for a new song by got7. i got7! say yes to confession song smile'
b'got a blunt w/ nobody to smoke it with whatta shame'
b'got absolutely tons of work to do for sixth form today... good'
b"got a burning question about a particular you'll love our smart drugs library"
b'got a freezer and fridge full of food but i do not feel like cooking.'
b'got all my classes! good'
b'got any ladies lines up for the week? " " hahahah no " ~~~awkward silence ~~~'
b'got a pretty face and stand up like a stallion'
b'got a pretty face looking like a stallion turn off da lite -i found ha!'
b'got a really good feeling putting on that jersey!'
b'got a very nice picture from a good friend.. cant wait for it to arrive here!'
b'got cha with the birthday boy smiling face with heart shaped eyes great start to my day'
b'i am immortal. i have not aged, so i might as well be.'
b"good that's awesome news can not live without gotham it's amazing i love it smile xx"
b'got hella memories with her... i remember we both got arrested together for fighting these bitches face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'got home from a short time in the office and getting my nails done to sam fixing pot roast. it was good. spent'
b'got it tatted so you know its real face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'got jell -o shots in the fridge, a cooler full of beer, and a big jug full of jungle juice grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"got kill and nobody to smoke it with. that's a damn shame"
b'got mentored on my hobby, got better at it. now i am on drugs and can not think straight. swag'
b'got more plans made for trip to in looking'
b'got my best friend back today! i knew today would be a good day'
b'got my foams in 2mins! new record thanks for the fast checkout'
b'got my jackets, barcelona won, and now some sushi, what a great start to my day grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'got my name tatted across his heart so you know its real'
b'go to meet my mum in costa to have a chat and some coffee and she ends up ringing someone and ignoring me'
b'go to the swimming pool w/ one direction'
b'go to the uni library or public library hm... uni is always packed but 2 hours max in public, unless anybody wants to give me their details smirking face'
b"got paid today can not even spend until i go to new yorkbut it's okay tho."
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy got set up for the kill'
b'lol they do not care bout the hoeing part. but that logic of being renewed is trash lol'
b'gotta book how to learn a scooter soon traffic kills'
b'gotta feeling that 2016 is my year for achievements'
b'gotta get back home to fallout. gas light on... must drive faster.'
b'gotta get some gas then make this drive up to dc'
b'gotta go charge my phone.'
b'gotta go home tomorrow & finish the rest my homework'
b'gotta lot of frustration built up that i gotta release weary face weary face weary face'
b'gotta love coming out of a physics exam that you know you failed.'
b"gotta love ex friends that threaten your life ha i think that pretty much means you're a loser"
b'gotta love saturdays hehehe'
b"gotta pass a drug test monday smfh it's gonna be a boring weekend."
b"gotta shout out to one of the best ideas we've seen on campus!"
b'gotta stop this shit'
b"gotta take a chance or it's never gonna happen"
b'got the call that my crew got the cut today, so i guess today was the last day at work lol'
b"got the game on the tv. i'll try and check in on twitter when i can. looking forward to reading all ya'lls updates winking face"
b"got the honor of being a ref in james storm's match tonight. had a great time! best of luck"
b'got the new ipad, too sick!'
b'got to play with a microsoft hololens today. field of vision is kind of small, but really quite an impressive device.'
b'got two papers due monday, two projects coming up, an exam on monday and weekly papers from here on in'
b'got yo feelings hurt cause they gonna amputate your leg ma, chill'
b'got your name on me so you know its real i love baby see you soon nuni_rosso'
b"gourmet the times of my life : stephen longstreet's piece on his last (sad ) summer living in europe as an artis"
b'government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil ; in its worst state, an intolerable one.'
b'government is attracted like moths to a bonfire to the idea of taking money out of quangos ".'
b'is a good example of christian hate & loathing hates gays hates muslims loves divorce, adultery, out-of -wedlock births'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year!"
b'do not say that'
b'cool cool i am like 90 ; i wish co op were more flexible.'
b'grab my " avoid falling in love with a jerk "'
b'why did my best friends boyfriend hear about you on my 40th bday. because you are awesome!'
b'thankyou pretty i love you too smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"miss you guys i'll bring back stuff for you and tim"
b'grammar mistakes so you know its real full moon with face'
b'grandma mengigau so damn loud right now its scaring the shit outta me face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'selfish man, its easy to be a team player when you are winning. true test of character is when things are tough'
b'graphics and maths next - good'
b'grass not always greener.'
b"grass seems to be greener over there. i'll kick it over here"
b'grateful for my excellent friends, good luck, infinite opportunity and recent injection of fun and freedom into my life'
b'i could on 2 flights this wk. usually is with tweet your : ask for perfume now.'
b'gratitude is everything! awesome visit... may the games beginning'
b'gratitude is the best attitude panthers! thank you all for being spirited and kind!'
b'gratitude thought/affirmation of the day " i am awake and full of life "'
b'have an amazing day. love you heavy black heart'
b'great! 64 bit browsers still need 32 bit java for some (ancient ) management consoles!'
b'great angled shot face with tears of joy not creepy at all.'
b'great article on building a real brand that builds a better world by'
b"great article on the great al bangura. it's incredible what we choose to hide from and pretend isn't happening!"
b"great artist now playing on - 'oh love my lady love ' by 'lb loxley '"
b"great artist now playing on -'takin back my love ' by 'northern sugar '"
b'great big new things happening with our new partnership! cc'
b'great come back at least you served your country. his money kept him from serving by being deferred. money works'
b"great comedy show happening next wed. laugh until you have a 6 pack. here's ur invite"
b'great day as delegates at the constitutional convention! can not wait for part 2 next week!'
b'great day at seven springs/ hidden valley job fair! still can apply at'
b'great day at the open!'
b'great day of promoting whje at'
b'great day thank you & great to see'
b'great editing is happening right now in the " k " project! start your weekend off on the right foot by pitching in!'
b'great first track meet. threw 40 feet in weight, and our school record is 49 \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b'
b'great fundraiser, for a great cause. get yourself along tomorrow for what promises to be a class family day out!'
b'great game lol! 7. 6 wow that was a feast lol'
b'great game west! we the parents are so proud of everyone. you had a wonderful season. we love you all. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'great goalkeeping by sliwa to deny ten eyck on the rebound of a set piece, but comets go up 1 -0 on a vahid assadpour goal.'
b'great im freaking crying again for like the 10th time today.'
b'great job looking forward to the test event next week'
b'great job with the new england barn. that thing was huge!'
b'great just found out that i pinched a nerve in my other arm, so now both of my arms are messed up'
b'great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss other people'
b'great night of entertainment at tremblant! justice ray on the bagpipes - wow!'
b'great night with friends and kids lots of laughter fun games and food. nothing like a house party cookout.'
b'" : thank you all! bethany namukwaya has been found'
b'great photo from liam mccormick photography, any photographers out there who want their work showcased on our'
b'great photos at an awesome track!'
b'great pic! was a pleasure serving you all!'
b'great playoff action already happening in utah! follow kurt and check the app for photos!'
b'great run today in the gym.. we getting better everyday... this what i `ve been waiting for'
b'great serving of pasta spaghetti mum. so much meat on that plate!'
b'great shot of working out in his neon stringer! get the look'
b'great singing in jay spearing! promotion here we come'
b'great start of the day! both spurs & the team won today good job girls for clinching third!'
b'great start to my dayyyy.'
b'great start to the day at the symposium! looking forward to a great lunch'
b'great start to the day \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e pensive face can not be bothered with anything right now but work lol.'
b"great start to the day! let's keep this going fellas!"
b'great start to the day now for some & style the night is young!'
b'great story on on the nfl network. awesome job by and keep up the great work.'
b'great style can be sewn. 50 % off on all sewing patterns happening now at seamingly smitten'
b'great team win for tigers and it felt awesome being back in the valley with the best fans in the country.'
b'great, the students are back.'
b'great things are happening cat face with wry smile'
b'great things are happening at the via'
b'great things are happening at yme! this past week the student council sponsor the food drive in the middle and'
b'great things are happening here'
b'great time at ole miss today! always good to get a dub'
b'great time in nashville. vandy is a beautiful campus. glad to see the aggies get the win also.'
b'great time serving with the staff yesterday'
b'great time this morning talking with our friends at about new music and our show at artegon this weekend! grinning face'
b'great time watching my beautiful polynesian female friends dancing singing and preaching at church. inspirational sensational ndfeedwassuper'
b'great to be in a room full of friends. have a successful meeting. minnesota needs your leadership.'
b"great to catch up with & other leaders at the tpp leaders ' meeting to mark the successful negotiations."
b'great to find some other innovators serving the community. love your story.'
b'great to hear talk about in his conversation with young leaders at'
b"great to meet so many inspiring women working tirelessly for girls and women's rights"
b"great to see today, one of arkansas's own whose serving with afcent in qatar."
b'great to see our smart missile 2yo ballistic missile bouncing off the track after his work this morning!'
b'great to see you at the my kids loved your " beans " chickpeas for tea tonight!'
b'great track give it a listen'
b'great value here... 13 chances. liberty rise getting to a nice price but might be a watch and see again how track plays'
b'great way to start off the day'
b'great weather for my last day of summer'
b'great website with real stories from teens, check them out!'
b'great wine night at our house with friends'
b'great win for the pelicans tonight over the spurs! a long way to go to get the season back on track but tonight was a nice start.'
b'great work, that was quite an impressive performance! almost as epic as your singing & dancing at coffeeteria.'
b"what a day and great to be with the supporters. i'll join you for bristol rovers and try and nick some cakes from the boardroom"
b'thanks for the pics mr. p! great to see what the kids are doing. may the force be with you tonight as you attempt to sleep!'
b'101 : find out how you can write the love of your lif'
b"greens and dressing! what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'wife of man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested'
b'greeted by perma-tanned, pink blackberry waving chavy female at bus stop, so gracious to share your banging tunes with us.'
b"there's like 12 of us going. yeah give me a shout when you're over there."
b"do you overgrown high schoolers have nothing better to do than trash trump? who's your candidate? pee wee herman?"
b'awww thank you for being the best bestfriend ever!'
b"that's not creepy at all."
b'griffin beggin me to keep texting him'
b'old spice boasts it smells " outdoorsy ". i save a lot of money by rolling around in dirt & grass every morning.'
b'me watching all this drama. makes me never want to enter a relationship ever in my life popcorn'
b'i seriously doubt your numbers & refusing refugees is a violation of federal law. when fed money goes away 1/2'
b'just a'
b'hi ty your doing a awesome job in getting the word out xoxoxo'
b'remember when grandma passed i wanted to ride my scooter down to the traffic filled street because i wanted to be with her?'
b"but wasn't eu funded project used by our tax? did not just magically appear"
b'give it a rest, the only poisoning is from the liberal-left. lets build a better britain.'
b'british continue to hanker after usa, like you, every day. but they just want to blame us, every day, like children'
b'how would they know they would be eaten by an adult female?'
b"isn't that completely irrelevant for a priest, since they aren't allowed to have sex/partners either way? or is it evangelical?"
b'it is not only the mafia. there certain tribal groups still hunting elephants and lions as part of their community custom. sad'
b"jeremy hunt is serving his master ; he does not give. toss what's happening to doctors & their patients!"
b'from now on,if a portion of society does not like the outcome of a vote, we can have it overturned to our preference'
b"it's because the ones doing it now are exceptionally incompetent."
b'this shows why gb should stop giving our money to foreigners. charity needs to be applied at home first.'
b'so sad but then its also sad that the child had a moron for a father'
b'obama lynch and comey allowed their boy in orlando to complete his mission. not the nra and gun companies.'
b'oh there is more, you stink fart. i just do not want to put them all.'
b'those who matter have to take your word that you intend to remain here, you could take your qualification abroad again?'
b'you should not visit another country without an immunization passport including children saudi is the only place that has acontrol'
b'wish being in city jail still looked like such a cool place to be, haa love that pic!'
b'oh shit, wow! and yes, certainly one of the best bunch of people you ever could have worked with.'
b'guess everyone was right.'
b"guess i ain't drinking tonight lol"
b'guess i go right behind him sleeping face'
b"guess i'll be up by myself drinking.. lol"
b"guess i'll go get my food from glass kitchen"
b'guess ill just get up &make myself a glass of tea. gosh do i have to do everything for myself!? *rolls eyes* calm down judgementals'
b'guess i am just not a lovable person'
b"\xc2\xab guess it isn't too late to try once more \xc2\xbb"
b"guess it's time to bring back the hashtag"
b'guess its true once a hoe always right?'
b'guess i was right, falcao is comin'
b"guess the grass wasn't much greener after all \xf0\x9f\x90\xb8\xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'guess the polls were right for a change'
b'guess what am i doing right now?! i am 3d -printing in my lab! hahahaha probably mansturbating while waiting! lol'
b"guess what i am doing right now. hold my hand. show 'em"
b'guess who failed the physics test.'
b"guess who i am gonna spend my 17th birthday with? yep that's right justin bieber"
b'guess who just failed her physics test yet again yayyyyy'
b'guess who popped up to issue a general warning that privacy needs to be restricted after paris? yep, brandis'
b"guess who's not looking forward to wearing a dress tomorrow?"
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy guess you were right'
b'guide to life : legislative changes, training help young ohio drivers stay safe via'
b"gundo's character on generations is just boring. he's so annoying"
b'wow you look amazing pitaji. everyone would be having the best time'
b"gustav mahler's love letters to his wife"
b"shit is probably too hot to handle so she's hoping the ice cools her down face with open mouth face with tears of joy"
b'gutted i do not have a fridge full of ipas.'
b'guy arrested for giving picnic table the " d " this dude must got some splinters'
b"there's not link between paris and the algerian arrested confirmed or even likely. obviously a poser."
b'guys be fancying girls that would never even look at them if they were to see each other in real life lmao'
b'guys i found out what career i want.'
b"guys! i freaking miss like a lot. just thought y'all should know. k."
b'guys i got the child under control'
b'guys im at the theatre its happening'
b'guys like this are bae asf 3'
b'guy smoking in a smoke free part of campus... shame on them'
b'guys normani just told me i had swag... i am crying i am so happy'
b"guys please read the full message and in the end read the reply from the it's simply state of"
b"guys please stop talking about little bits and details about the movie even if they're subtle details. just please be respectful thank you"
b'guys prefer " - that\'s nice i do not care'
b"guys that was fun, thanks so much for asking all of ur q's. so much love for all of you \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99"
b'guys... this is (especially ) for you too! love dawn maslar! in this episode of " love school " she shares a'
b'guys tmm me an are fighting catch it at 2:10 do not worry no one will get arrested tho winking face'
b'guys wanna hurt the loyal girls, but keep the hoes happy.'
b'guys we are all about to freeze at the game tomorrow night! \xe2\x9b\x84\xef\xb8\x8f wind blowing face'
b'guys we will give our best shot to reach million today.. so, gud luck!'
b'guys who say " be safe " or " text me when you get home " are my favorite kind'
b"guys why are we so shocked its cold? it's november, is this not the time?"
b'guy that has not loss in 10+ years vs one of the biggest shit talkers in sports history (and he backs it up ) man i can not wait'
b'shop opposite costa we have an ill relative being cared for my mum had a headache. wanted simple treatment'
b'gym done, house cleaned top to bottom, bath & hair wash done, afternoon with mum & grandparents & sunday dinner with friends.. perfect \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i see in your avi you got stuck babysitting two kids... poor you pensive face the little boy acts way younger than his age'
b'gym was amazing. i was almost not going to go, but i am so glad i did'
b'haaaa see wash! rt : the great white lord of the city of lagos'
b'ha! all day. had a great time with these young bros and their mentors. it was a celebration of their greatness.'
b'ha, and here i thought you actually wanted to be with me. well damn... i guess " i " wasn\'t trying enough.'
b'facts you will not pony up no cash show you really do not give no fuck about who am i so do not play games ass cash or grass'
b'ha! clearly. i like a villain who keeps it classy while serving poisoned cocktails.'
b'had a bad day? follow this and just deeply. ahhh'
b'had a bit of good news after having shit news all week, hopefully things are getting better'
b'had a blast getting in touch with my inner kid! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at disneyland'
b'had a dream i was teaching an english class tonight. that means break is almost over!'
b'had a dream my dad showed up at cside and i got arrested for fighting him'
b'had a dream that i joined a witch coven, but instead of worshipping the earth or any gods, we worshipped brunch.'
b'had a dream that there was peace throughout the land... all over this world. then i woke up. " we shall overcome "'
b'?had a good night time to shut it down shout out to j v for hooking me up with some cash flow'
b'had a great and fun day with my hunny && family \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f plate sale was successful && movies with them was a blast \xf0\x9f\x8e\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'had a great day at and had positive conversations with and simon wales about the issues that affect young people'
b'had a great early christmas present with my gorgeous boyfriend at harry potter london studio tour face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dx'
b'had a great night with the girls'
b'had a great time at with now time for a cocktail'
b'had a great time at the chrstmas party guys! can not wait for the next week!'
b'had a great time at the the fireworks were a nice addition this year!'
b'had a great time at the storey county library fundraiser, where i got to see again!'
b'had a great time at the u. k game. even though like a freaking blizzard came through face with tears of joy face screaming in fear'
b'had a great time shadowing and unforgettable experience thank you'
b'had a great time this weekend mun ladies! definitely applying again next year'
b'had a great time today at the game great job sun devils! tempe, arizona'
b"had a great time today with the renaissance men's book club! do not sleep on this great book."
b'had a great time tonight with partyshank138 tulare county fair'
b'had a great time opening for she was fantastic!'
b"had a great weekend with friends at the young adults conference at the the potter's house this weekend! now for rest!"
b'had all weekend to do my home work and i did not do shit face with tears of joy'
b'had a lot of fun streaming last night. i may play again later today. but for now, check out a few of the highlights on youtube!'
b'had a lovely and productive conversation with an intelligent woman. we disagreed without being disagreeable. thank you'
b'iran is fighting isis and supports assad who managed to keep them under control before the west supported the overthrow of him.'
b'had a math quiz of the third day of school... probably failed -. -'
b'had an amazing day yesterday smiling face with smiling eyes thank you for all the lovely messages! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'had a nice dinner and board game night with a few friends - i learned how to play for sale and codenames, both super fun!'
b"had another amazing day - we've almost sold out of some liqueurs already so get in early on sat before they all go!"
b'had a really bad dream about my bf when last night he said " sweet dreams. bout me.. " swear to god my hands and neck were heating up face with cold sweat'
b'had a really fun night last night! thanks to nathan face throwing a kiss it was amazing'
b'had a really lovely costa with my mum this afternoon \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f she is helping me sort my quarter life crisis out grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'had a scary first experience at ittbab! so she says drown it and strongly. do not bring your kids if they dislike bugs'
b'had a super fun night with she got to meet finally grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'had a super fun night w the best face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x8f\xb9@sar45ah'
b'had breakfast at portage house of pancakes with my friend. enjoyed good food and good conversation.'
b'had four nights to do my home work and i never touched it'
b"had fun with amiibo festival last night. seems it needs just the right amount of people, but it's decent enough if you want the amiibo too."
b'had fun with my family last night relieved face'
b'had fun with yesterday lol i swear i love seeing her'
b'had fun yesterday... so glad to be apart of the race wollop face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"ahh same here! it's so good i literally can not wait \xf0\x9f\x8c\x83\xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"had niggas tell me to my face how we were family,, and how they love me while they was skimmin ' off the budget."
b'had so much fun at stages last night. sister christmas catechism it was so hilarious'
b"had such a fun night but i will not lie i am beyond ready to be back home with my girls! did not go to bed till after 5am & it's not even 8am"
b'had super fun night cause hover board is my ish'
b'had the best time playing acoustic songs with jb at toyota center in houston tonight'
b'had the worst nightmare abt these isis fuckers coming and ruining my life weary face'
b'had this literal conversation today'
b'had to dig up this beauty for the big game tomorrow night'
b'had to drive my grandparents to lagrange this morning. car barely burned any gas, love you'
b'had to get another one of amazing cases smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'had to learn to stop stressing cuz god gone handle it all, so many set backs but i am still here with my shit together'
b'had to make a quick correction'
b'had to miss volleyball win its second straight state title? see our recap and photo gallery :'
b'had to shout out the mans cuz he had that work face with tears of joy'
b'had to wake because i really could not handle this alone'
b'had work all day today and i feel so shitty uhg'
b'had yet another successful day of christmas shopping today. also got a few things for myself %off'
b'hello good morning thank for following a friend hug jorge.'
b"mariya? she was a gift and his concubine not his wife, as she was christian. 'don \xc2\xb4t know thats a good example, she was a slave"
b'ha funny g.. it will be the first snow of the season however & im wearing my really sarcastic glad to see it face'
b"hahahaha my phone is at 26 % and i can not charge it bc my power's out. nice."
b'ha i hit him with the we talkin about a hoody!?! and he replied... hoody swag!'
b"hahaha! i love it! it's been so hot down here. it's about 10 degrees cooler where you are though, right?"
b'hahaha! tak hipster! i should be the one who should be excited to meet kakak hipster! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'hahaha... wenger is a fucking genius... giroud is d only striker left in arsenal... lmao...!'
b'ha wow sore than scold me gay face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy score worst than mine somemore lolol'
b'ha i cant believe i fell for that.'
b"ha i can not wait either fuck yes. it's so hot down here."
b'ha naaaaa, i know tons of ppl who love them too ^_ ^ " : i thought i was the only one! "'
b"haha, no they're usually like 'not the cheese time ' and other nonsense =) i also once had a whole phone conversation w/a dude"
b'ha so yesterday, i debated with kevin about a candy that\'s called " moreflavor " but i said it was a starbursts. it looked like one o. 0'
b'ha you dont like my tweets? fuck off, you dont have to say that, just unfollow me, grow up.'
b"ha. i can not wait to drop out of this god forsaken school. i've been on the shit end of so many unjust situations at nic."
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year"
b'goodnight beautiful'
b'do you know how much i love you? in a scale from 1 to 1000 i love you 100000000'
b'i just want you to know that we love you so'
b"i love you, thanks by respect each, you're special, really i love you so so much."
b'i am so fucking proud of you... you deserve the world hails. i have no words to descrive how much i love you'
b"its funny how we are carrying about someone who did it for us. hey.. no its not funny. it's love. love justin"
b'are you guys okay? still friends? i love you bothhhh'
b'words can not explain how much you are important for me and how much i love you.'
b'wanted a picture of the dresser i built, feat random shit in my room'
b'hair length has nothing to do with gender or sexuality!'
b'hairrootzinc wear human hair braid wigs, their great for protective hair styles.'
b'thoughts - after a four hour color correction and then a i do not want to do hair for a month.'
b'+ if im sad or if i had shitty day and you are making me so happy everyday'
b'ahahah. you deserve the fcktard because it was a " blessing " from god. appreciate it, lol ~'
b'it was a a great stream you made my day.'
b'we were supposed to skype this weekend and we never did... i suck.'
b'lmao nah. i was hoping to be a really sarcastic narrator'
b'literally got out of my bed, put on a pair of leggings, and came to school. " ewwww face with medical mask'
b"great start with 'half day vegan ' - click to claim & we'll feature it free for 24hrs"
b"i notice you are always packed when i walk past! how much would one of these burger's & fries (without dips ) set me back?"
b"half of me could careless about you, and the other half is dying inside not knowing how you're doing."
b'hall full of children getting ready for national level robotics competition on a sunday morning.'
b'and finally. why, why, why am i always on the loosing team? trying to win on halo 5 is like trying to fuck for virginity.'
b'hamburg have confirmed that rafael van der vaart has rejoined the club from tottenham hotspur'
b'my kids love the flash! at anaheim they were more excited to meet the trickster than luke skywalker! smiling face with open mouth'
b"ha! my sister thinks she can teach me how to sing! hahah hilarious! face with tears of joy we're so weird..."
b"i'd say you need to watch it, but i am not even sure you'd like it tbh face with tears of joy"
b'hands down being called baby girl and little forehead kisses are the best things ever, so little and innocent, yet mean so much'
b'hanging out in los angeles at the fight party with friends over rick nuhn house.'
b'hanging out with all of you today has been fantastic! you make me smile. thank you for coming. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling lucky'
b'hanging out with friends from school. (@ old key lime house in lantana, fl )'
b'hanging with joe watching a super fun band last night.. i was wearin my mr gear.. dave said to say hi'
b'hanging with the best qb in kstate history. passer rating of 269 %.. wow you have wild cat to be kitten me right meow'
b"hang on, this isn't my cat"
b'hang out with mario and other fun new people nearby, when you sign in to badoo!'
b'ha! " : usa! usa! rt beats republican national convention in ratings "'
b'ugly is an understatement my frent.'
b'worst sore throat of my life'
b'yeah i am having a good friday night thanks. i am just enjoying takeaway and watch insidious 3 on dvd. enjoy your meal xxx'
b"glad it's going well hannah!"
b"you're welcome han it makes me happy that you feel blessed for knowing me it makes me so happy thank you."
b'loosing our five guys virginity grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'yes! i loved asylum! it had the right amount of scary haha. i am going in a totally random order and watching season 1 now smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i miss seeing your " pissed off at the world face " every morning while i eat breakfastmy 5, 391st tweet goes out to me having way too much time on my hands.'
b"was so well written it's made all other tv seem dumb in comparison"
b"hansol happy birthday! \xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82 here's my little gift for you smile p. s : hehe love you :*"
b"you can literally feel his smile. it's so contagious you cant help but smile and cringe at the same time bec of too much cute"
b'hans sachs and the marschallin is a better prospect. plus he could make her awesome shoes.'
b'therefore, i should judge that my logo for the work thing got everyone talking is a good thing, right? it used, both loved and derided.'
b'happening now! come down to left coast connection for free food, giveaways, and a great deal! 1 -4pm only. see you'
b"happi birthday to fav bro have amazin ' day best friend."
b"happie birthday, my wonderful friend! you've accomplished so much in such a short time. hope this year is the best yet. \xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x86\xf0\x9f\x8e\x87\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a"
b'happiest birthday to this dorkkkkkk love you bb hehehe'
b"happiness is the goal, without harming yourself or others in the process. that's pretty much it."
b'happy17thbirthday bottle with popping cork hope you have an amazin day at school \xf0\x9f\x98\x89and get what you wanted \xf0\x9f\x8e\x81love you and miss you lots \xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x92\x99@liv_holt22'
b'happy 18 b -day to my sister bestfriend ilysm, hope you enjoy your gift & day'
b'happy 18th birthday to my boy from " one of those night " untill " three empty words "! wish all the best for you! i love you! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy 18th birthday ya old man \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i hope your day is as great as you are! i love you smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"happy 18th to my angel cherries hav the most amazin day & i'll see you v soon! \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a love you loads xx"
b'happy 19th birthday to my amazing brother! love you lots, have an amazing day, thank you for everything \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy 19th birthday to the homie from time! stay safe and do not do anything stupid! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy 20th birthday sorry la i almost forgot hm have a great time! and may you get everything that you ever dream of, love you mate face throwing a kiss'
b'happy 20th birthday our kitten! have an amazin day with video games and pizza'
b'happy 21st birthday tap! hope you did not have to much fun at sammy ts last night. have a great day. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy 21st to my bestie \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 hope you have an amazin day babes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f xxx'
b'happy 30th to a fun project back then!'
b'happy 4th birthday to this kitten. hope you have such an amazin day mikey \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81'
b'happy 4th of june!'
b'happy alphabet day! we dressed up as something that started with the first letter of our name'
b"happy anni to the ones i started with. do not forget it's never too late"
b'happy bacteria = happy mood via happy weekend everyone!'
b'happy bday 2 the lady who has blossomed along side me from peak to fleek, hope youve had an amazin day, so much luv x'
b"happy bday kimmy smiling face with heart shaped eyes i am sooo glad i met you, you're such a good friend, i love youuuu"
b'happy bday my angel i love you so much thank you for saved my life love you shawn'
b'happy b -day birthday cake hope you have an amazing day! best wishes! face throwing a kiss'
b'happy bday to you are so kind, nice and the most talent guy i know, have an amazin day babe, i love you so much black heart suit'
b'happy b day to the most sav girl i kno hope you had an amazin day you still my girl but boi...'
b'happy birthday again to hope you had a great time at your sweet! balloon'
b'happy birthday! it was fun working with you this summer'
b'happy birthday ave! i love you and i absolutely love being bullied by you on a regular basis face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday babe! hope you get the best night ever xx'
b'happy birthday baby girl! i love you so much beautiful! now we can move out and get our own place lol \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82 grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday baby my best wishes baby! love you so much heavy black heart heavy black heart btw follow me hehe'
b"happy birthday baby will \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f you're kind, reliable & put up with me even when i am being extra ha ily"
b'happy birthday bae'
b'happy birthday bbbeeessstttfffrrriiieeennnddd! can not wait to hit first ave with you soon!'
b'happy birthday beautiful hope you have the most amazing day! celebrate well tonight! i love you lots! \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday beautiful, have a great day and wish on love'
b'happy birthday beautiful! hope you have an amazin day face with stuck out tongue'
b'happy birthday beautiful \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 hope you have an amazing day/night!'
b'happy birthday bestfriend i love you!'
b'happy birthday bestfriend i love you \xf0\x9f\x98\x98enjoy your day! finally 18'
b'happy birthday brat i love you so much pretty girl and hope ur day is perfect'
b'happy birthday hope you have an amazing day!'
b"happy birthday bro, have a great day man! i'll see you guys later today god bless you man."
b'happy birthday i hope you have a great day!'
b'happy birthday i love you and miss you smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes have an amazing day! balloon'
b'happy birthday butt face hehe love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday chass. miss you and love you tons. have a great day \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'happy birthday, a huge love all the way from the philippines! all the best hehehe'
b"happy birthday co! ' \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f miss you bunches and hope you have a amazin day"
b"happy birthday hope you've had the most amazin day, love you! \xf0\x9f\x94\x9e\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb8"
b'happy birthday dad. glad your around to celebrate it.'
b'happy birthday darby! you make me laugh every day and i hope your physics test was great! face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday, dreaming out loud unique, sensual, it is here that i started my love for these guys'
b"happy birthday em! i love you so much! you're such a good friend and your hilarious. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i hope it's lit"
b'happy birthday smiling face with smiling eyes i hope you have had and continue to have an amazing day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday ezatul! wishing you a wonderful year ahead. insyaallah. face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday fam'
b'happy birthday fine! xoxo love you tons!'
b'happy birthday i miss you so much & hope you had an amazing day! love you & can not wait for gesher! face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday have a great day today and god bless! love you so much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss hehehe'
b'happy birthday girlfriend &sissy \xf0\x9f\x91\xa9\xe2\x80\x8d \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa9 looking forward to your dress n shoes yeah?see you soon lysm smiling face with horns'
b'happy birthday gorgeous hope you have an amazing day!'
b"happy birthday gorgeous, you're such a good friend, we love you"
b"happy birthday you're a great person, we hope you have a good one today. big love from argentina! \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81"
b'happy birthday ur such a babe and i hope ur day is great smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'happy birthday. have a good day because you deserve this. i love you so much queen.'
b'happy birthday! have a good one'
b'happy birthday hope your day is the best! and good luck on your algebra 2 eoc face with tears of joy'
b'happy birthday hoe! i love you and hope it\'s a good one! you\'re such a good friend even through that " awkward weekend "!'
b'happy birthday, hope you have a great one, i think you are the best person in the world, i love you, see you soon in uruguay heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'happybirthday hope you have a happy day like me because it is also my happy birthday congratulations 18 you fulfill your dreams'
b'happy birthday hope you have an amazing. day'
b'happy birthday! i hope you have an amazing day!'
b'happy birthday! i luv girl have an amazin day'
b"happy birthday it's been such a fun semester at tech with you, hope your day was perf \xf0\x9f\x8e\x89\xf0\x9f\x8e\x89\xf0\x9f\x8e\x89"
b'happy birthday! \xe2\x80\x94 it was on monday, but thank you!'
b"happy birthday balloon i hope you had an amazin ' day smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"he's an incredible kid and i love him so much. enjoy your day with your amazing family \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81"
b'happy birthday justin \xe2\x80\x94 thank you'
b'happy birthday glad we got close again this year and i have somebody to not do work with in math. love you & hope its great'
b'happy birthday kakak, hehe may allah bless you and your family always and be happy always. much love,'
b'happy birthday katelyn, have the best day ever, thank you for being awesome! \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'happy birthday hope you had an amazin day my girll illy! smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'happy birthday kat! i hope your day is as amazing as you are ilyyyy'
b'happy birthday hope you have an amazing day hun, you deserve it \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love and miss you smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"happy birthday little cutie i love you so soso much and i am so proud of how far you've come have a great day today + everyday"
b'happy birthday lizzi hope you have an amazin day'
b"happy birthday love. can not believe you're 20 holy balls ily tho have a great day balloon"
b'happy birthday love! hope you have an amazing day! love you beautiful!'
b'happy birthday madeline \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes youre such a cool girl. glad we started talking this year. have a great day. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday mango sparkles'
b'happy birthday you are my favorite actor heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday megan! hope it was as great as doing nothing in calc! face with tears of joy'
b'happy birthday megan! i miss cheering with you and i hope i see you soon! love and miss you'
b'happy birthday'
b'happy birthday do not forget to masturbate before making any important decisions smile'
b'happy birthday i can not believe you are already 20. i love you and hope you have a great day.'
b'happy birthday i hope you have a great day, bc mine was horrible face screaming in fear i love you dude \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday i love so much i love you baby bear'
b'happy birthday thanks for everything you do and being such an amazing, squishy, lovable person that you are balloon heavy black heart \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b'happy birthday you are an amazing person and i love you. i hope you have an amazing day. and i love you hair.'
b"happy birthday you're a legend and i love ya! i hope this day is the best day"
b"happy birthday michael clifford you beautify human being. enjoy no longer being a teenager and also you're now half way to 40 grinning face with smiling eyes"
b"i hope you're having a fucking amazing day i love you so so much"
b"you're such a crazy weird lovable person who slays at playing the guitar & rocking every hair color"
b'happy birthday mikey'
b"happy birthday mikey you're so old face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ly"
b'happy birthday mikey, you are old man now! 5 seconds of summer'
b'happy birthday thank you for making young girls feel strong. have a nice day, you deserve all the great things in this world.'
b'happy birthday'
b'happy birthday my 1.. hope you have an amazin day love you loads'
b"happy birthday my beautiful bb! i love you foreva i hope you have an amazing day & i'll see you tonight \xf0\x9f\x8d\xbe\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d"
b"happy birthday, you're only getting better with age!"
b'happy birthday niall, have an amazing day celebrating where ever you are. see you soon love you loads xxx'
b'happy birthday hope you an amazing day! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday nugget! i miss you but hope you have a fab day ily'
b'happy birthday you helped me live through geometry last year and i love you \xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f money mouth face'
b'happy birthday oli smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday patrick!'
b'happy birthday patty! i am so glad i got to hangout with you in the 30 have an amazin day \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a@triciadelgadoo'
b'happy birthday, pretty i hope your birthday is amazing!'
b'happy birthday pretty girl balloon \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i love you and hope you had an amazing day'
b'happy birthday pretty! miss you so much hope you have an amazin day! \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81'
b'happy birthday i miss you hope, you enjoy your day!'
b'happy birthday have a brill day. i am counting down the days until the gig in brum'
b'happy birthday row! love working with you face with tears of joy'
b"happy birthday sammy! you're super funny n ur car is really cute n buggy smile i hope you have an amazin day sun with face"
b'happy birthday i love you and miss you so much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f publix would not be the same without your insults, harassments, and comments on my butt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'happy birthday have a wonderful year ahead yadi \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 enjoy grinning face'
b'happy birthday hope you have an amazing day \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday \xe2\x80\x94 thank you!'
b'happy birthday this pretty girl love you twin face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday to a wonderful person! i hope your day was fun of happiness &a pinch of love! winking face ily!'
b'happy birthday to bestfriend of 17 years! i love you endlessly have an amazing day you deserve it beautiful! smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'happy birthday to both of you! hope you have an awesome day! and it repeats forever! face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday to coach swinney!'
b'happy birthday to the best big brother and the most hard working guy i know. love you man!'
b'happy birthday to main \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f can not wait to hug you for an eternity money mouth face'
b'happy birthday to me. yay.'
b'happy birthday to my awesome niece! i love her so much and i am so proud of her!'
b'happy birthday to my beautiful, hilarious, all around amazing sister and best friend smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'happy birthday to my bestfriend and mommy. love you!'
b'happy birthday to my bestfriend love you to the moon and back i hope your day is amazing face with stuck out tongue see you later pumpkin'
b"happy birthday to my bestfriend of 3 years! i love you \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f this isn't even all the pictures we've taken face with tears of joy"
b'happy birthday to my bestfriend see you tonight and love you lots no one under eighteen symbol \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday to my childhood bestfriend, i love you so much heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday to my day one, the best guy'
b"happy birthday to my fav doubles partner! i love you so much and hope you're having a great day! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f blue heart"
b'happy birthday to my fave person ever \xf0\x9f\x87\xa6 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday to my fav! love you, have a great day face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday to my favorite dragon ball z voice actor, sean schemmel.. voice of king kai and son goku! today he turns 47 ^-^'
b'happy birthday to my favorite hoe heart with ribbon hope you have an amazin day! sad'
b'happy birthday to my favorite teacher who loves to hate me! thanks for always letting my complain'
b"happy birthday to my favorite women's rights activist love you keep doing great things with your life! yellow heart"
b'happy birthday to my first friend & forever my best friend. distance is just a number, ily & imu \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with stuck out tongue'
b'happy birthday to my girl have a great day boo! ily'
b'happy birthday to my gorgeous boyfriend today and my gorgeous brother terrible twosome xx'
b'happy birthday to my hella gorgeous boyfriend. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f so in love with you and so blessed to be yours. happy 19th baby. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday to my old dancing buddy! hope you have a great day love! face savouring delicious food'
b'happy birthday to my co -star and good friend have an amazing day!'
b"happy birthday to one of my day 1's hope you have a lovely day, see you when you get home, love you lots xxx"
b'happy birthday to one of my favorite dudes on the planet'
b'happy birthday! to one of my good friend becka \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8hope your have a crazy wonderful birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8d\xbe can not wait for tonight face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday to one of the only freshman i can handle and a pretty awesome baseball player blue heart'
b'happy birthday to our little one'
b'happy birthday miss you soooo much! hope you had an amazin day! kill it in deca this year! luv you \xf0\x9f\x94\xb7\xe2\x9c\x8a \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday to the baldwin lady! 3'
b'happy birthday to the biggest 3bomb i have ever met, have an amazin day love you xxx'
b'happy birthday to the funniest, most lovable person in the world! have a great day and party hard!'
b'happy birthday to the gorgeous mom of the collins god bless and best wishes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 my you have an awesome birthday face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday to the most amazing woman in my world. idk where i would be without her love and care. my mother \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'happy birthday to the most blessed smiling face with heart shaped eyes person in the whole wide world! i love you so much jaz & thank you for it all'
b"happy birthday to the most funny and lovable person aka love you so much! heavy black heart hope you're having an awesome day"
b'happy birthday to the most wonderful & lovable person in this world love you salsa rosa!'
b'happy birthday to the person who got me through honors american history face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss can not wait for saturday'
b'happy birthday to the worst person i know. thanks for nothing'
b'happy birthday to this ba. it all started here. i love you and your crazy mind. awadd since day 1 heavy black heart smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x90\xaf'
b'happy birthday to this ball of sunshine. love him with all my heart balloon'
b'happy birthday to this lil kitten i hope you have an amazing day and remember that i love you to the moon and back'
b'happy birthday to this lovely human being i am so glad the earth has been blessed with you being born! hope to see you soon blue heart'
b'happy birthday to this pretty lady, love ur god dam soul have a good one see you later'
b'happy birthday to this princess 5 seconds of summer'
b'happy birthday you and edgar are the real relationship goals. i hope you have an amazing day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'we love you! this crazy rollercoaster is so much better with you in it. thank you for ur hard work \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday! wish you all the best, i love you to the moon and back! face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b"happy birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 hope you have a great day you're the best smiling face with sunglasses and tomorrow should be great"
b'happy birthday you freaking awesome cute pretty black queen confetti ball smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss \xe2\x80\x94 omg i just saw this thank you!'
b'happy birthday you gorj girl hope you have an amazin day love and miss you long time'
b'happy birthday i love you pretty girl face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday zhara! i am so glad i got to meet you this year! love you tons!'
b'happy family -_-'
b'happy friday! a little with my hubbie to get the day started right. a fun'
b'happy friday and happy wrap up to american education week! what a beautiful day to kick off the weekend and celebrate our schools!'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\x90\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\x90\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8 happy friday blessings ~love ~light wishing you a beautiful day with precious moments \xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\x90\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\x90\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8'
b'happy friday! busta rhymes, juvenile, soul ii soul and puff daddy get your weekend started!'
b'happy friday everyone. here is your newsletter to help you get it started.'
b'\xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f happy friday everyone wishing you a beautiful day blessed with peace, love and joy face throwing a kiss'
b"happy friday friends! lori is serving up cocktails this afternoon so stop in and say hello! it's time to get the weekend started!"
b'happy friday from me to you! stay safe and use my uber code for a free ride ill dm random ppl who rt! love you'
b'happy friday gang! have a beautiful day! smile'
b'happy friday! get your weekend started with a wonderful cocktail made with your favorite oc distilling vodka!'
b"happy friday, guys! here's a face for whatever mood you're feeling today!"
b"happy friday! here's the funniest animal photos of 2015 courtesy of to get the weekend started"
b"happy friday! it's time for some friday afternoon fun. let's get the weekend started right!"
b'happy friday tdal! hope you are having a beautiful day. who else is expecting snow tonight? \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"happy friday the 13th! here's a reading list to get you in a spooky mood :"
b'happy friday! we hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day.'
b'happy friday! what a beautiful day to be alive!'
b'happy friendsgiving from the grinning face with smiling eyes thanks for a fun semester! blue heart'
b'happy g-day bruh bruh, make the turn up a good one for me! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f confetti ball live it up, stay safe, much love brother'
b'happy get started with qgis & google earth with our set of mapping tutorials for humanists!'
b'happy graduation day son... amazing day... loved it heavy black heart'
b'happy happy happy birthday stay happy hehehe love ya, girl'
b'happy happy happy birthday \xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb4 smiling face with heart shaped eyes stay inlove with the mayor hehe \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f i love you'
b'happy healthy emily survey on'
b'happy day to me! good a for in the mail. can not wait to start using them.'
b'happy monday, it is raining outside. prepare umbrella to avoid rain.'
b'happy mood'
b'happy mood eventhough tired smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"happy new year's holiday greetingcard royalty-free stock vector art"
b'happy sunday good'
b'happy that i got a chapstick in our swag bag haha. own a couple of lipsticks but not one lip balm.'
b"happy to announce : started shooting for 'headhunter's calling ' with in toronto. smile"
b'happy to t happy, puts me in a good mood'
b'happy tuesday (thanksgiving week )... what are you thankful for now? be loving. love being. be you!'
b"happy with my and even happier that i've just started a week off work!"
b'harbaugh says " i truly believe " rudock -butt -chesson -darboh are playing as well " as any tandem in the country "'
b'hard days, my brother made me go in the rain to buy em sb and never have one umbrella in the car.. smh'
b'hardest thing about growing up is realising sweet old ladies swear too'
b'hard to be friends with people you do not give a fuck about'
b'hard to promo so that their albums can do well? that shits boring sad'
b'- more, this time with the attempt of getting her perfect butt off of his lap. " and no! i didn\'t/actually/ wet -'
b'harlem took over monaco? shit look crazy out here'
b'finally! happy birthday to you, have an amazin day, have lots of fun n get spoilt, a night out is on the cards soon. ly xxxxx'
b'harper asprey christmas auction ends this sunday at 9pm! do not miss out on some fantastic goodies including a'
b"that's quite an impressive difference"
b'thank you guys so so much for makes this video and for making it the way you did. a absolute joy'
b"harry is louis ' baby"
b'i thought my tv was being dumb lol'
b"happy bday 2 my fav english friend \xe2\x9d\xa3, have an amazin day n i'll see you tomorrow! x"
b"harry's absolute joy over this mug is my favorite thing ever"
b'harry saying " shit " brought me back to life'
b"harry's hair is so long omg! one direction"
b'thats what they all say'
b'goodnight my beautiful angel i hope you enjoy today'
b"goodnight my love, thank you for all that you've done and continue to do for me. i love you so very much."
b"goodnight you're beautiful inside and out"
b'hello love just wanted to tell you you absolutely mean the world to me. take care of yourself, i love you. follow me?'
b"hi you're my moonlight because you're the only thing i see in the darkness. i deeply love you. mind following me?"
b'i admire how much you respect everyone no matter what. you mean so much to me. \xe2\x99\xa1 i love you x mind following me? smile - 41. 349'
b'i just want you to be happy angel. i love you immensely & it hurts that you will never know how much you mean to me.'
b"i love you always, harry. i love you more than you could ever expect. you're my good, my everything. thank you so much."
b'im so invested in you and i dont regret one thing ive did for you, thank you for always being you'
b"is the best album so far! thanks for making me smile, you'd bring me joy & happiness mind following me? 54,071"
b"mr. styles, it's been a while since i've tweeted you so i am just gonna start now. love you tons and never forget that! sparkling heart"
b'my dream is to follow, missing 13 days for my birthday, still it has time to flatten the button nothing would make me happy1960'
b'my heart is perfect because you are inside. please take care of yourself angel. i just hope you will see me one day.'
b'needs to let me braid his hair'
b'you make me happy ; thanks for the effort, passion & working in follow me please? i love you 23. 342'
b'thanks for beeing such a nice and thankful person i really love your calming voice! xx'
b'thank you for making my life amazing. you have always given me a reason to go after my dreams. i love you, follow me?'
b'when we meet can i braid your hair'
b'words are incapable of expressing every feeling i have for you. i love you with every single part of me. follow me?'
b'you can doubt that the stars are fire, that the sun moves, that truth is a lie ; but never doubt that i love you a lot.'
b'you light up my world like nobody else. the way that you are is so special to me. kindly follow me? all the love - e black heart suit 232. 589'
b"you're a talented & great singer, i am sure you're being the same as actor. i support & love you as always. follow me? black heart suit"
b'your happiness is contagious and never fails to put a smile on my face. i love you more than anything, follow me? xx \xe2\x80\x94 68, 595'
b'your health, happiness and well-being is the mostly important things to me little angel. i love you with all my heart.'
b'harry talking about how he wanted julian to add in trumpets in olivia'
b"harry to liam : his face says shit i've got chlamydia i never laughed so much in my life lmao"
b'i fear they would be worse largely because overtimes skew them to the negative.'
b'food and service where great tho just did not understand the serving suggestion.'
b'no awkward lol'
b'has 2 recent sales on'
b"so generous that you're giving him credit"
b'has the best twitter account. shout out to him.'
b'has the ft\'s seen stories \': he says " few viewers would welcome a rolling news version of thought for the day "'
b"has to be called 'applied economics '... boring, i know"
b'hate being fat. love eating food.'
b'hate being in a class with kids'
b'hate being sick!'
b'hate being sick, cant skate, or play games, darn'
b'hate being sick, cold medicine be expensive'
b'hate being sick in college, i wanna go home and i want my mom pouting face'
b"hate driving with people who pump their brakes! it's okay, i did not want full movement in my neck anyways"
b'hate feeling sick expressionless face'
b'hate going home at the weekend bc i have to get the train which is always packed \xf0\x9f\x91\xa8\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa9\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa7\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa7\xf0\x9f\x9a\x8a'
b'hate having a class on fridays'
b'hate having a gym class full of non athletes shits gay!'
b'hate hearing about people that have a possessive boyfriend/girlfriend makes me so angry'
b'hate how i cant have my nails longer cause my clarinet teacher gets mad pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face'
b'hate how i feel guilty about not working when i am sick despite the fact that its the best thing for everyone, especially in the retail job.'
b'hate is neurologically more similar to love than it is to fear, anger or disgust.'
b'hate it when my teacher does not bump my 65 % up to an a'
b"hate it when people say they're fat, if you're so bothered get off your arse and do something about it."
b'hate kills the hater faster than the hated!'
b"hate knowing i am working tonight when it's meant to fuck it down with rain persevering face great one unamused face flushed face"
b'hate/love being home sick bc netflix grinning face'
b'hate math class so much'
b'hate me or love me only god can judge me f'
b'hate my life bc of this class smile'
b'hate not feeling good enough pensive face'
b'hate of being sick face with medical mask i h8 you'
b'hate people that judge you before they even get to know you'
b'hate people who walk like elephants in upstairs apartments'
b'haters gonna hate, but we love this judge :'
b'hate these girls in my spanish class'
b'hate this class'
b'hate those " if you dont retweet you dont love ur mom/ure not a true believer " tweets lol i dont need to retweet anything to prove myself fk off'
b"hate to beat a dead horse, but i also hate woman beaters. with bedlam soon, do not forget mixon wasn't arrested"
b'hate to face the camera when sick \xf0\x9f\x98\x96down wit all kinds of viral flu pouting face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9drained n tired having medicines fearful face \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa5'
b'hate to miss you'
b'hate waiting for my phone to charge up'
b'hate waiting in between classes when you have nothing to do.'
b'hate waking up early but i love being up early if that makes sense'
b'hate waking up early. love being up early. sunrise'
b'hate waking up i be falling back asleep'
b'hate waking up in pain so glad i got a doctors app next month i can not fuckin deal'
b'hate waking up in the mornings but once i am up i love being up early af'
b"hate week... it's almost time"
b'hate when i come home to no food unamused face pouting face'
b'hate when i am walking past a dog who obviously wants to say hi to me and their owners pull on the leash like let me fucking pet ur dog'
b'hate when mfs assume shit'
b'hate when my astronomy class turns into a math class'
b'hate when my parents come home late w no food unamused face'
b'hate when people put they feet up in veichles. shit is gross.'
b'hate when people say " only god can judge me " ok? like he do not see all da thot sh*t you be doin too face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'hate when people say " you can tweet but not text me back " like obviously twitter is more interesting than ur boring ass'
b'hate when people text you " i need to talk to you about something " then say " actually i\'ll wait and tell you in person "'
b'hate when people think its ok to take your anger out on someone bc others piss them off.'
b'hate when ppl assume shit smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'hate when you check to see if someone has read ur imessage & they reply as you click on the conversation like i promise i am not creepy'
b'if there is any proof or facts behind it, they have been covered up by the illuminati'
b'have a 3page essay due at 9am. have not started.'
b'have a boootyful day! can not wait to play tonight! grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"have a good weekend riding if you're out! stay safe, stay seen!"
b'have a great weekend my friend 3'
b'have a headache. i am all sweaty. car broke down. super tired.'
b'have a listen to our roundtable with on the role of data and analytics in political campaigns.'
b'have alot of shit too handle!'
b'have a lovely day shamma \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f.. \xe2\x80\x94 you too thank you'
b'have a nice day " dont fucking tell me what to do'
b"have a nice day! i'll be back ^^ ~bot"
b'have an interview with an author tomorrow to discuss race relations and allyship for people of color! can not wait. prayers much appreciated'
b'have a safe flight to serbia bro!'
b'have a wonderful sunday \xe2\x80\x94 one week late but thank you!'
b'have been sitting in bailees living room a solid hour trying to name her puppy'
b'have fun with the first night ya! "'
b"have great respect and love for msu and izzo! can not wait to play tonight! here's to a good game!"
b"have just seen i do own quite an impressive tape measure so looks like it's off to buy some malteasers tomorrow."
b'have not seen in 5 days... does anyone else find this super odd?'
b'have not ate all day, and my fridge full'
b'have not decided if ezekiel elliott worst sore loser, or the balliest man alive'
b"have not dreamt in months and of course when i do it's one of those dreams that i kept waking up and falling back into"
b'have not had such a nice dream in a while... i felt at peace smirking face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'havent slept for two days and im at school. literally just want to go home and play bo3. wtf is wrong with me?!?'
b'have not slept in 2 days cuz sleep takes too long'
b"havent started my assignment that due on tomorrow can someone punch me on my face? no dont do that i'll kill you im just exaggerating lol"
b"havent started writing the assignment. and there's hell to pay"
b'have severe learn more about new study available in'
b'have sex with thanks to heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b"have stayed in bed all day reading the subtle knife and it's glorious, but i've run out of treats. please bring treats"
b'have the weekend off and all of my friends suck'
b'have the worst sore throat weary face'
b'have to be up in 3 hours and can not sleep. brain. please.'
b'have to use a stupid android until my replacement iphone gets in'
b'have to walk 17 dogs..'
b'have you ever accidentally befriended someone who is very very irritating'
b"have you ever accidentally opened the wrong cabinet in ur kitchen and it's just like wtf how long have i lived"
b'have you ever been in a mood to destroy your relationship with everyone you know'
b"have you ever had to restart a song because you spaced out and weren't appreciating it enough"
b'have you ever had ur opinion on someone change so fast that you got disgusted that you ever liked them in the first place'
b'have you ever had your opinion of someone change so fast you were disgusted you liked them ever at all'
b'have you ever known someone so shitty that they completely ruin that first name for you?'
b'have you ever loved somebody so much that you went against the right things that you should do?'
b"have you ever wanted someone but at the same time you really don't? lmao"
b'have we been playing " free -flowing football "? really \xf0\x9f\x8c\xb3\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb3\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb3'
b'have you checked this out?'
b'have you checked this out? great event for expectant woman to support better sleep, and tips about how to'
b'have you downloaded our listen and learn series? free mp3 files and transcripts'
b"have you entered otterbox's gameday dance contest? hurry and get entered to win a broncos ' vip package!"
b'have you ever bullshitted an assignment so hard you basically laugh after every sentence you write'
b'have you ever cried then laughed at you crying while still crying and then choked and not been able to breathe?'
b'have you ever thought about thinking?'
b'have you realised your mistake, apologised to & reinstated yet?'
b'having a bad day is not an excuse to treat other people equally as bad. thank you'
b'having a cold sore in the corner of your mouth is the worst thing ever.'
b'having a fridge and cabinet full of free food loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'having a fundraising garage sale at the soto house today! successful day yesterday! come by and say hi and shop!'
b'having a good conversation with my good mates actually puts me in a rate good mood hahah'
b'having a great time snorkelling and relaxing in fiji! gonna be tough doing this for another 6 days.'
b'having an amazing day off smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'having a really shitty day unamused face confused face'
b'having a shitty day? blame scandal weary face loudly crying face'
b'having a sore back all the time is the worst thing sad'
b'having a sore throat is actually the worst'
b'having a sore throat is the absolute worst weary face weary face'
b'having a sore throat is the worst sad'
b'having a strong social support network can reduce and boost happiness via'
b'having a successful art sale just absolutely solidifies the fact that i chose the right major'
b'having at least one " lazy day " a week can greatly help reduce'
b'having classes on fridays must really suck.. lol'
b'having divorced parents is such a pain in the butt i did not sign up for this'
b'having four nights out in a row, with the fourth night being when my final major assignment is due, and i havent started yet'
b'having fun on a saturday night, but knowing you have church in the morning'
b'having fun playing for windows, why not join me for free?'
b'having fun with my new twitter account smile'
b'having fun with uncle niall last night x'
b'having no one to speak to during the day is shit, i need to get home so i can speak to her \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'having one of these in your room would be so chill \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x9a\xa1'
b'having sore throat is the worst'
b'having style but being too broke to prove it sucks okay'
b'having such a shitty day at work ugh'
b"having tests on friday's suck. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat just give me the weekend already."
b'having the " weed vs alcohol " debate with my sister and her arguments are hilarious'
b'having to inform my boyfriend of gorgeous new hair smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"having to spend on food before the semester's over"
b'bout the only thing you can say from that game. hope they realize they have a game tomorrow night'
b"i did not have chance so i am getting them tomorrow, i'll let you know then xx"
b'i miss seeing your pretty face!'
b'you liar l0l... what kind of family are you'
b'hazard : chelsea have not been under pressure.'
b'hb courtneyhope you had an amazin day and get this drunk on sat xxx love you'
b"happy birthday to the ark's fluffy, squishy, cute & beautiful maknae cheon jaein, we love you so much black heart suit"
b'hbd jenny! thanks for passing notes with me in 7th grade math, and following me to chico! count down to 21 begins'
b'hbd randee smile \xe2\x80\x94 ha i thank you on his behalf :-))'
b'hbd to ma fav twins on campus smile hope ur havin a amazin day you both deserve it!'
b'never doubted you just did not think you knew that many face with tears of joy'
b'headache all day + shitty weather all day = sleeping all day.'
b'headache is an understatement'
b'headaches. so much headaches. yes, i know i am stressed, but i do not need all these headaches to remind me.'
b'headed to the game tonight.. looking forward to some good old hockey on a thursday night.'
b'heading home after sneaky day off. love the view from the peanut gallery'
b'heading to bed. thank you for all of the likes! i love you smile'
b'heading to gatwick to fly out to amsterdam. can not wait to see everyone at the river cruise convention'
b'headlines : is at top. for country specific top trends visit : for more info'
b'head wraps on black women are a crown. people are really intimidated by a black woman with her head properly tied.'
b"he a good boyfriend ain't gone lie"
b'heard my mum is hanging out with some cool little people today \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f olivia, spencer & harvey x'
b'heard she got a pretty face, and stand just like a stallion'
b'heard she got a pretty face and stand up like a stallion/ i heard that she a precious jewel, you treat her to medallions'
b'heard she got a pretty face & sit up like a stallion'
b'heard she got a pretty face & stand up like a stallion.. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy'
b'heard that there are lot of romantic scenes on jalte diye full song! i can not wait to watch'
b'heart. broken. my long luscious hair is gone. crying face crying face crying face crying face'
b'heartbroken teens (alone and lost )'
b'heartbroken to have lost my beautiful rufus today. the best boy, my favourite. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'heartfelt love letters from bae'
b'sparkling heart heart so pure and smile so bright, i love you more than the number of stars at night. kindly follow me please harry? \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d70, 288'
b'heated blankets bring cats and dogs to cuddling with one another grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'he is my favorite actor and any movie he is in is a favorite of mine face with tears of joy'
b'do you mind telling your how long your hair is (top and sides )?'
b'and i are ready for some hockey at looking forward to seeing some of our favorite people on the planet'
b'heat networks are a investment opportunity - our guide tells investors all they need to know to benefit'
b"heavy traffic ain't shit when i am ridin ' my scooter.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'heelys do not have brakes because swag never stops. " \xe2\x80\x94 umd'
b'hey nick, sorry to interrupt your busy schedule but i am wondering is this you?'
b'he found the pot of gold smile [f ] watch me on via'
b'he gives me the pitter-patter'
b'he grew up, his music too, everything is getting better and better'
b'he has returned to haunt his former club! " shows no love after equaliser against'
b'he has to get the turnovers under control.'
b'hehehe but in a fantasy world its called love face with tears of joy'
b'hehehe dagdagan you pa thank you for your love'
b'hehehe idc who you are i just love being fetch from work \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'hehehe, i know, but you love me anyways ~ heehee you smile innocently'
b'hehehe i usually love this programme.'
b'hehehe " : why you calling my boo?\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f " : i really love the way 50cent talks. his mouth looks gangster mehn. shiiiii " "'
b'hehehe officially start at mcds next week love it x'
b'hehe still love it'
b"heh, found this pic in one of my resting trees in spagonia's forest tails was super excited from clearing that zone!"
b'heh i need a cigarette break'
b"that's creepy af not cute at all flushed face"
b'he is literally rolling around on the floor and screaming daddy... i do not have time for neither of their attitudes this morning. like a'
b'he is the best singer i\'ve ever heard in front of my face. " - on working with microphone'
b'he keeps it classy instead of this dab/dance crap others do.'
b'he kno all they names'
b'held my niece today for quite a bit and she played with my beard the whole time. laughed up a storm. being an uncle is the best thing ever.'
b'hi. welcome smile can be amusing, interesting and helpful. enjoy x'
b'am 4 episodes in and it keeps getting better. big fan of the book as well'
b'helen was feeling good this morning face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'he likes your pretty face. but does he care to protect your heart?'
b"hella annoying when you're super nice and people still get mad at you and treat you like shit over stuff you have nothing to do with."
b'hella latina today " " wassgood ma " -a few comments on my look today'
b'hella proud of the track tho. shit came out really nice & i cant wait to post it.'
b'back and file my nails while doing so. " she wasn\'t the sweet little girl she used to be. she was really sarcastic now.'
b'all the selfless work he did for the stray dogs, day in day out, so unfair that his last day was was horrible pensive face'
b'hell nah... because you better believe you\'re not getting shit from her but a " thank you, you\'re such a good friend " smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hello electro fans, check out the new track dream scape, at peace armortron'
b'hello everyone i just want to wish you all a lovely lovely evening and morning good day and good evening :))))))'
b'hello harry, i hope everything is good for you. i just want to write you few tweets for remind you how much i love you.'
b'that came out really sarcastic'
b'hello its me i was wondering do you need help with opening the closet so you can come out faster?! rainbow'
b'hello old friend.'
b"hello role model smiling face with sunglasses hope you're okay today. im so so proud of you and your voice. mind following me? face savouring delicious food 5, 160"
b'hello september! be good to me okay? smile'
b'hello soy i am you fan and i love you ha face savouring delicious food'
b"hell yea making another that's awesome"
b"he looks so creepy there. i swear he's not actually creepy"
b'he looks so good! i wonder why they\'re all captioned " butterfly "'
b'he looks so good tbh he looks like he had a shower'
b'helping the needy'
b'help! my is kicking in! they are having a blast so i must walk away & leave them to it!'
b'help these northern irish lasses get some awesome work experience in tanzania and become future medics! good luck x'
b'henleys jeans tucked into your slazenger socks, nice!'
b'yup. they deserve this win'
b'henny always probably the only person not drinking ciroc apple tonight.. lol.. will do'
b'dude im gonna write a part i swear to god watch face with tears of joy'
b'her caravan built ass always wanna try that shit'
b'here are 4 ways to use video that are driving'
b'here are some questions compiled by the pool doctor of rhode island to test your knowledge -'
b'here are three takeaway dishes in newcastle that you will absolutely enjoy without making your wallet cry..'
b'here at the wecare health screening! quite an impressive turnout'
b'here bitch. and do not forget he is 52. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e'
b"here. {grinning and taking in the massive courtyard, wondering what can go where, i'm/partly/ taken off guard as i hug +"
b'here, here. straddle the pan like a real man. are attracted to a wide variety of new ideas during this t... more for capricorn'
b'here i am singing ron hynes beautiful " atlantic blue " at hughs room a few years ago rs via'
b"here i'll write you the love letters you do not deserve."
b'here is a clear confirmed racist view from finland. english maybe broken, but her feelings about black people are not!'
b'here is a list of websites that host online meetings friday night pep -talk : recovery network connections'
b'here is an update on hotel availability, shelters, and local museum and restaurant discounts during hurricane'
b'here is that new track... have a great morning. mac _ born for this x the'
b'here it is! can you guess the right answer?'
b'here representing practitioners in work on and shout out to'
b"here's a glass of water. my donation for your swimming pool."
b"here's a new song -"
b"here's another one : when you write to the judge, add cc : to the bottom, followed by this : mr. heiner bielfeldt"
b"here's a real shocker"
b"here's a video of ellen scaring a bunch of celebrities because you need a pick-me -up"
b'here she go again... waking up looking at me tweet, gets mad, and falls back to sleep! face with tears of joy like you keep falling back to sleep face with tears of joy & waking up'
b'here she is on her highly routine of cracking her toes.. \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b"here's how to get lucky 1 work hard 2 be positive 3 be generous 4 share credit 5 trust yourself 6 stay teachable 7 show gratitude 8 be kind"
b"here's how you get the perfect katniss braid :"
b"here's our strictly abdominal bench. an innovation in fitness equipment!"
b"here's proof that i am an adult now : i just packed one carry-on for the train... nes and sega are wrapped in towels."
b"here's to an all nighter to finish my final big assignments of the semester..."
b"here's to one shitty ass day! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"here's what the middle east looked like in 1914. see more maps that explain the region :"
b"here's what you need to know about canelo \xc3\xa1lvarez's prospects for winning"
b"here's why you should stop your with -"
b"here's your deep thought for friday."
b'here we go again another 3. 5 hours of collage to look forward to!'
b'her eyebrow twitches as she blushes deeply " o -oh keep your mouth shut.. "'
b'loudly crying face loudly crying face herka just killin me right now'
b"it's normal for a nigga to do it but abnormal for a lady to fuck around. dnt giv 'em ladies useless hope"
b'yes which would be even worse bc the 0th degree would = depression, and negative numbers are negative.'
b'2 weeks until i get to see your pretty face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f turn uppp'
b'will there be free wifi in the convention center? i can not wait for tomorrow!'
b"this is not so good. he's not kidding around with this."
b'& her parents are proud of her lol'
b'her performance was great though. she hit all those notes so easily, such a great singer.'
b'his whole journey so far has been amazing. as a nba fan kp has me super excited. hope he stays healthy & has a long career.'
b'he said it was a one night stand but the alcohol did not let her understand'
b"he's always watching me. it's scaring me! sad"
b"he's an on time god. dottie have me feeling good this morning."
b"t mum in costa scraping babies hair up to put bobble in - what's the fucking point, your child is almost bald"
b"he's doing everything right"
b'" my husband is yelling about the framed picture of harry on the nightstand again "'
b"he's just soooo hilarious everytime he says that he does not remember raising his sister like that face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'he\'s not a gang star. david bowie shares intensely creepy " blackstar " video via'
b'hes probably getting fo card cause doug and jj are totw heros. they cnt deny 5 tds. i think it will be a 94 ovr fo card'
b"he's pushin, i am pullin, who did i think i was foolin"
b"he's really sound, but the pitter patter feet thing is intended and taught. some camps (manning )"
b'hes so full of life you could just feel the good vibrations when youre around him omg'
b"he's swimming with a freakin lion \xf0\x9f\x98\xa8\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb life goals"
b"he's the reason for my happy mood today i like it when we not fighting. i always have a great day"
b"he sucked it like it is a very fine desert he's determined to enjoy. hi, logan! hahaha!"
b"i do not give a fuck who's idea it was, you're my fratellino!"
b"he texted me 'good morning ' so i sent the eye rolling emoji back"
b'he tried to fake sleep and gone laugh when my sister caught him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'he used to make my heart go pitter patter'
b'he was hoping you guys would be partners but now lol he will shit his pants if you guys were together \xe2\x80\x94 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'he was very excited to meet her but gigi'
b'he went " for someone who never leaves the house you sure use a lot of makeup lol " hahahaha so funny! wow!'
b'he wrote that bill of health after presenting a bill & receiving several thousand bills.'
b'hey at least theres a nice breeze to blow around the hot n humid air.'
b"hey thanks for driving out to eagleville with me last night and letting me vent. you're such a good friend"
b"hey birthday boy you're not a teenager anymore face with stuck out tongue and winking eye i want to wish you happy birthday \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a enjoy your day"
b'hey, check out this cool site i found : via'
b'hey yeah, just wanted to say thanks for following me :).'
b"hey chicks that only post inspirational shit : we know you're nuts."
b"hey we're making a nes -inspired game. it's going to be pretty cool smile"
b"hey isn't an attorney? or was one?"
b'hey you suck! thanks for adding the cherry to the damn cake today'
b'hey i like talking to actual humans, so lay off. box is obnoxious, bring back the old school design.'
b'thank you had a coffee and another mum brought me a huge hot chocolate from costa so i am awake now lol'
b"hey everybody take your last chance to see a midsummer night's dream today at 3 pm! it's so much fun and it would be wonderful if you came!"
b"hey you made my day! it's really awesome watching your video on youtube! you're amazing!"
b'hey fuck you i got a hell of a deal on this piece of shit laptop only and all i had to do was sleep outside for 6 days'
b'hey guys! another new comic today : again, thanks for reading! you all are okay in my book!'
b'hey guys, great question from they were currently serving number 768 by the time i left. thanks emily!'
b"hey guys lying on train tracks right now. see you again. enjoy al's birthday. plz no one contact me. there be no reply sad"
b"hey, have you tried they'll be able to give you an update. hope that helps!"
b'how many kids gonna drown today : about 10 per day!'
b'hey, hi. i am here to look pretty and insult your intelligence. [insert something insulting to your intelligence and hairflip here ]'
b'grinning face hey hun. glad to see ugonna\'s tweets "'
b'hey id really like to stay and watch the amas but ive got school tomorrow and its already 10:15pm in my country im screaming'
b"hey if we're friends and you need something to do tonight hmu"
b"hey if you're not in the area then you lose at being awesome on the best art trail in the west!"
b'hey, i just re-did my entire blog that i have not been on for ages!'
b'hey i love you, im so sorry i almost forgot ur birthday you lil weirdo. luv you so much!'
b'hehe i rly love cinderella so much leh... omg'
b"hey, i've got a new article up at knot so subtle! please be so kind as to check it out. and spend some time,"
b"hey jeff, it's still hot down here, 80's ac non stop, supposed to cool of monday!"
b'hey kamfam, if someone is feeling super generous and would gift me it would actually mean so much, my itunes credit ran out'
b"hey lima winking face i hope you're having a great day smiling face with smiling eyes just wanted to say is amazing! follow me? love you! heavy heart exclamation mark ornament x25, 751"
b"i will not be at the game loudly crying face i'll try to see you afterwards though lol"
b'hey lovely_lisa do you want to get iph0ne 6 for free? you better check my bi0. thx'
b'hey manda thanks for the following our fashion collections!'
b'genuine question, is still alive after the beating from because that was a lot of blood'
b'hey ma. stop snapping me and i am a scholar smile'
b'twitter is not your personal diary, you should be a little more vague... when are you coming to meeeee'
b"heyoo! if you have not backed us on kickstarter, now is the time! we're almost at 70 % funded, with 3 days to go!"
b'hey walking past smile'
b'hey they tell you when its going to rain.'
b'hey you need to watch this and then do what they say'
b'hey suck it up. we gonna get drunk this weekend. grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'hey we are at and it sure is hot down here sun with face heading over to watch some qualify soon. wfo'
b'hey yahoo sportacular, did i ask for mlb notifications? no? then why am i still getting 10 a day?'
b'hey yo can you turn the fan on its hot down here'
b'hey you guys. i love you too! can not wait to see all of you when i am in japan.'
b'hey you have a cute smile \xe2\x80\x94 thank you very much \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'hey you! yes, you! i did not friendly fire intentionally'
b'hey z have a great day i love you and miss you a lot \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"hi adina, i send you so much love from my french bed! hope you're fine. heavy black heart"
b'hi all! hey, so do you want to see what this sweet thing is doing now? see her right here'
b'hi baby! im so proud of you and i will always be with you no matter what. youre everything to me. follow me please x 42, 798'
b"hi! can you please answer our group's survey for our thesis this finals. thank you very much!"
b'and my two kids are also dual citizens and this is not so good for co since they are eu -americans!'
b'hidden homeless grow in number in north texas suburbs |'
b'hidden valley back in the 3rd set. leads warhill 14 -13'
b'hidden valley on a 4 -0 run and now leads warhill 19 -17 in set 3'
b'hidden valley ranch is like a billion times better than kraft.'
b"hidden valley's first lead of the day comes in 2nd set, 18 -17. warhill back in front 19 -18"
b'hidden valley sledding area has 2 " -6 " of snow with some grassy patches. winds have blown much of the snow away from the sledding area. aw'
b'hidden valley takes 19 -17 lead'
b'hi are you learner scooter riders specially trained in doing illegal you turns or using the inside of traffic cones as short cuts?'
b"hides is sasuke's bed with his butt up in the air because he just does not care."
b'hiding the truth in plain sight - full fact one thing that a tom hardy film and the'
b'hi are talking to inspiring doctors about gender roles in med, we would love to profile you as a father & a surgeon!'
b"hi every1, warm welcome to new followers. pls visit my profile (clik my name ) to learn in tweets, how pensions do not cost the gov't a penny"
b"well since you're drinking captain you better go all out lol"
b'good i loved the books and, while i ran out of steam on the movies, i am still geeked about'
b'highkey really intimidated by really pretty girls weary face face with tears of joy'
b'highkey so glad it was my last day at work today'
b"yearbook's an awesome class, and gets pretty competitive in a game of catchphrase!. i love these guys."
b'highlight of my day was placing my holiday bundle liquid lippies order from'
b'highlight of the weekend is still shouting suck my dick *unbelievably loudly* at a bunch of homophobes on tottenham court road.'
b"hi guys! if you watch aldub or know anyone who does, please answer this survey! it's for our thesis. thank you!"
b"hi thanks for saving me & making me so happy. i hope you're well & having a nice day. mind following me? all the love. 64,041"
b'hiii i am so incredibly proud of you. you are amazing the way you are. never change! & thank you for everything. \xe1\x83\xa6 x12, 474'
b'hiiii waving hand sign smiling face with smiling eyes tbh idk youuu ha pero i think friendly ka smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x80\x94 helloo! opo. thank you po. white smiling face'
b'tweet of my life'
b'i enjoy welsh and film a lot ^w ^ literature is interesting but hardcore so you gotta stay on top of things ^w ^'
b'i walked around, in and out for a hour or so... lol.'
b'hilarious birthday gift my sister gets me. lol.'
b'hilarious tracy mcgrady went from, " where my hug at sister kathy " to " new testament, who dis? "'
b'the best tv was good then now its dumb'
b'hi leanne please could you retweet my new business personal swimming teacher in the chester area. thanks'
b'10. 4 i doubt but trump will probably lose more than 3. 5 million one way or another.'
b'1 thing it doesnt mention is how 2 face he is. he says one thing in mexico then come back 2 us says something different'
b'99% of hillary supporters must be 100% computer illiterate cause you see no replies 2 her tweets or positive comments anywhere'
b'a bunch of special kind of stupid!!!!! hello'
b'actions speak louder than words you hipo-crit! and you think ur a role model?'
b'actually really great. i went to a mexican restaurant and they were listening to trump'
b'he ran away from the military 5 times lying about bone spurs. he has sacrificed nothing for our country\xf0\x9f\x98\x96'
b'allow people to open businesses.. highest corporate tax in the world means your hair dresser, mom & pop, corner stores.'
b'and your "outreach" to black voters means nothing if you can not talk about another unarmed black man killed'
b'are you kidding the crazy one is you! look at all that you have done. i can not believe your followers trust you'
b'as bad as trump may be, lesser of 2 evils, tells you how little we think of you'
b'at least he is honest and not kissing the ass of illegals just to get their vote'
b'a view from the uk you gave it your best shot you have served your country with grace enjoy your family and grandchildren'
b'and hillary... you are in the 1% of the 1%. fees to speak for 30 minutes? more than i make in 5 yesrs'
b"but why would you want to make your plan public that's like when the villain tells the superhero their plan and then loses."
b'can not wait until you are president of the u. s. in 11 days!'
b'claims should disclose his tax returns, but i wonder how much is sitting in her foundation untaxed?'
b'come out of hiding or you lose votes we want answers'
b'compare this idea used with spouse abuse. do not know about everyone else, but i have seen a lot of awful pictures.'
b"that's why its your turn for 8 bad years. if you cant figure out that change is essential to keep any peace."
b'did you also receive an invitation from to visit mexico? he claims he did invited both candidates in his twitter acct'
b'disgraced hillary lying hooker shut the hell up fool nap time you are talking'
b'does not that make 195 missing or dead people under you and bills belt'
b"donald trump will build the wall and mexico will pay for it. here's how:"
b'do not listen to the haters you never complain hillary and i admire that about you.'
b'do your student loan debt plans offer any help to those of us already graduated and in repayment?'
b'drop out the race ol bitch i can not wait to slap the fuck out of you'
b'is she calling the fbi cause i bet they want to talk to you guys smile see you in prison bitch.'
b'yet you take millions of dollars from foreign countries who have all 3 including mistreatment of women.'
b'i want a president who will stand up to you and put you in prison without out dying.'
b"everything you're considering goes against what you're benefactor did."
b'fact your husband lied under oath fact he made millions citizens destitute even kids fact benghazi. fact he fornicates.'
b"she'll just raise money to the affected people and use it for herself"
b"first let's address the plight of the legal immigrants, illegals who broke the law of the land can wait their turn."
b'what a pity they both appear to be such fakes. none of it rings true.'
b'force trump to release tax returns! sign my white house petition to close his irs audits!!'
b'funny that a liar is calling out someone else as a liar'
b'get well soon. even wonder woman needs a few days off.'
b"get your head out of your ass, it's not a hat."
b"go back to bed, oh wait this isn't hiliary, go wake her up!"
b'god bless them all. am sure they are in a better place.'
b"go to prison deleting classified information and announcing the us' nuclear launch times"
b'guess you finally got well but not from pneumonia cause it takes a lot longer than that'
b'ha your 30 years of corruption and scandals has caught up with you. too much info on the internet to hide how you suck'
b'has proven she can not be trusted with a top secret security clearance. therefore, she is not qualified to be potus.'
b'hc needs to stop this is why they set up a narrative about russian hackers because they want to blame if lose to dt'
b'he did nothing. we know what you called americans is bad. saying bomb is what makes sense given what the news said'
b'he just wants to live rent-free in your head and your campaign, like obama did with his birth certificate and hidden records'
b'hillary 20 bottles of water and 10 bags of cough drops will not help you tonight. you can not run from your corruption tonight.'
b'hillary how long re you going tell lies & got tired? without being president trump had created more jobs than most of usa ps'
b'hillary, how many more people will you kill to secure more power? ur a murderer, a liar, a traitor! ur a disgusting person.'
b'hillary is going to make sure corporate tax credits are used for training & education of its employees'
b"women know what it's like to work sick. that's why all nyquil commercials are about sick men in bed"
b'how come when a bomb goes off, we can not jump to conclusions, but when a thug is shot by a cop doing his best its ok?'
b'how is equal pay for women at stake? i have not heard anything at all about this issue.'
b'how many purple hearts given out because of hrc? and how many more can we expect?'
b'i am closing my business to go and help my people.maybe they will kill me and kill my animals? either way,i will fight! stop'
b'i believe you are the racist. you use people to better ur cause - not because you like or respect them.'
b'i did it. my wife did it. my kids did it.. by working!'
b"i did not think felons were able to vote? let's go"
b"i do not know why this lady isn't in jail it's crazy."
b'if you lose this election to an asshole like your fascist opponent there will be hell to pay!!!'
b'if you never sent or received classified email on your private server, how did you send or receive classified email?'
b'if you want to help lower taxes and we can pay for our own stuff.'
b'if you win the presidency please sad would you do me a new computer as a gift?'
b"ignoring the hatred from the bad apples movement is recommended. they're losing and can not deal with it."
b'i got evidence to your arrest if i die i know you a fake'
b'i know you are going to next because i have seen house of cards. is a disaster for the whole world'
b'imagine the damage you would do. you do not deserve to the president of anything'
b'in normal election one of the candidates "you" would not have been exposed as complete liar. you are shameful wake up dems.'
b'insert that dog whistle and move out of the way bc next potus make america great again'
b'is speaking at the same time i have an exam so i guess i am not finding a parking spot & failing slightly smiling face'
b'i think a lot of people have short memories going on about things hilary has done however forgetting the shady past of trump'
b"i voted. let's make history! plz do not forget the college cost problem. we and our kids need school costs lowered...a lot."
b'obama has past, present & future staff dont keep word so countries dont believe them. obama lied on iran nuke deal'
b'keep ur head up girl. when the devil tries 2 destroy u, then god will lift you up. you have had 2 overcome many tough hurdles.'
b"kinda says it all. she wants her sheep to be with her. not that she's with the american people she hates so much."
b"like all those poor black kids your husband's policies put in prison? oh i mean,"
b'lol his plan sucks. cuts taxes on 1 % spends then where is money from. not over seas lol what about global market. he is bs'
b'lol! poor can not even get folks to attend her rallies for who wants to hear to her blabber?'
b'look at what we know abt h. see the corruption. be truthful. think 4 yourself not what you are told 2 think. do not b naive'
b'most americans have learned to tune hillary out when she quotes facts and figures because they know she is just lying again'
b'my 9yr old daughter is so excited to wear her election day outfit!'
b'y then y is all our past being taken down and removed if builds our future???'
b'no one will benefit from your plan except people that have paid you for favors! regular people will b poor after your tax plan'
b'not about you hillary. nobody likes you. you are a disgrace. trump is sorry about what he said about other people.'
b'no we learned that you can not be trusted with even a tac and trump will bring about a better change.'
b"no you don't, you're a corrupt lying criminal! you only care about yourself and your bank account!"
b'no you stupid bitch it is a mental disorder and they need to seek professional help for it.'
b'a vote for jill is a vote for peace plant public safety and public health'
b'your voice is repulsive. your policies are repulsive. your lies are deplorable..'
b"oh so now you're accusing him of this which is exactly what you're known for doing. you lying piece of shit."
b'one things for sure she never quits lying and being corrupt'
b'only supports herself and george soros. he owns her and she responds to his requests. google it'
b"i'd love to rt your message but you think i am deplorable. very disappointed that you said that"
b"please do not react to trump any more. you dont need to. he's done himself no favors."
b"fake it till you make it obama's. you have no choice but campaign for hillary, if you want obamacare to survive."
b"i am standing up and rejecting you and all you stand for. it's time to question authority again. the 60s but backward."
b'she never never quite ripping off the american people for her own personal wealth'
b"birther movement aside, you would only have to listen to his speech to the un to realize he's not an american"
b"you have no issues to run on, i do not believe he's from here, he's a trader that has sold this country!!"
b'we do not hillary. wake up thinking about parents, regulations that strangle, we will take care of our own kids.'
b'protect us from that crazy white man hillary! protect us'
b"because you're a liar, cheat, and a thief hrc, anyone in their right mind would question that it is not!!!"
b"hillary, you may not realize it but a hijab is not american. you must be listening to obama's us history"
b'how long till you short circuit and email the nuke codes for cozy bear to hack'
b'trump being sued first by a 13 year old he raped. then more women he has lied about.'
b'i do not have 5 things you need to know, just one. can you guess which hand is talking to you?'
b"hillary clinton's campaign said she was canceling her plans to travel to california on monday"
b'she did it to herself. the "republicans" did not do this. remember benghazi! i was for hillary before i was against her!'
b'hillary you fucking racist bitch how dare you pretend to like this women. your a piece of shit criminal'
b'shut up. you took million from the saudis and they let women be raped, have no voice, and have to wear black hoods'
b'simple we know you are a lying criminal who only seeks for self. america needs a leader, not you.'
b"snakes in the plane! a big blue lie in the sky! fly'in rope keeps filtered press at bay an a hack attack cuts the news feed"
b'so is putting state secrets on the internet--you madam are a deplorable woman'
b"so let's give the button to a brain-damaged drunk whose eyes point in different directions! that makes sense!"
b'if the limo was waiting for it, why is there a fax line on the letter?'
b'still pushing that false narrative eh? if you push for a winner & loser system, then by default it does not work for every1'
b"stop lying killary! i see karma is rearing it's ugly head at you!"
b'takes from the people who murdered my friends & neighbors. maybe your grandkids will have 2ump from 104th floor one day!'
b'take ur pick when it comes 2 paying his bills taxes contractors suppliers. avoider n chief. but he is no commandor in chief'
b'tap me back if you are not a pussy i dare i triple dog dare you slut'
b'your lies have not stopped you yet!!! lord knows you have told enough of them.'
b'the people you used are now using you as a debilitated meat puppet.'
b'you both know you would fire me in a heartbeat if i did half of what you did --telework agrmnt ring a bell? ethics?'
b'trump has paid women equal pay for 30 yrs. why will not you?'
b'trying to pull a fast one on your supporters? they should wait and find out what is really going on!'
b"unfit to lead the country. she's very ill. that's why she's not campaigning hard like trump"
b'wake up granny! this sick old horse can barely stand up for 4minutes without support. frog face'
b'she lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied and lied, far exceeding her ability to lie'
b'what about the future of my son and grandson? they important too? so sad that the first woman running for president is you.'
b'what happened to the "double jeopardy" law, you can not be tried twice for the same crime?'
b'what part is inaccurate or misleading... their status has stayed unchanged in fact worse. nobody wants hand outs.'
b'when you meet with police chiefs today.. remind them how much they had, when your husband held office. no lie, you go gurl'
b'when your president please help fix obamacare. health insurance is like a second mortgage.'
b'whoever vote for hillary got blood on their hands to'
b'why are you pandering to veterans mrs. clinton? i am not trying to be crass, you know as well as i do we do not trust you.'
b'why the radio silence. trying to get the story straight. this must be some bad ass shit finally pinning ur ass to the board.'
b'why will not your supporters actually do research and find the truth.'
b'will make arguing with this of nights. amazing time to see it so smartly leader people ideas all over good'
b'vote for if you want less money. vote if you want more money.'
b'yeah and you walk with the enemy and take money from them. you are bought by islam and the terrorist obama.'
b'yes we want him picking a cabinet and a supreme court justice because he sure and hell do not want you doing it ever!'
b'you can care less you will not even go visit and donate goods like trump did. your a typical lying politician.'
b'you do not give a fuck thats why i could careless about you or your offspring. tramps selling out labor and our civil rights'
b"you do not know what your talking about for our countries health. you shouldn't be making decisions."
b'you had 8 yrs with billy and a stint with obama. you talk empty promises, walk out with their votes but never make them good'
b'you hear this? the only one who cared had empathy is future pres who called her bk'
b"you know it's impossible to make college students loans debt free. did you tell them where you plan to get the stop lying"
b'you need to change that policy, because you as potus with your warmongering ways, scares the hell out of me.'
b'your a murdering skank your dead body count has a full tank collecting blood money soros bank bank your evil stinks ur rank face with tears of joy'
b"you're a fucking joke! people are laughing at you! even the ones at your rallies that cheer are thin\xe2\x80\xa6"
b"you're guilty as hell. i can not wait for it to all come around full circle."
b'you should take resposability for your deplorable actions towards sexualy victimized women by your husband. + the raped girl'
b'you think all whites except you are racists do not you? idc if it sounds racist we need a wall to keep out illegals'
b'you work for the people right??? tell me why you have been through soo many scandals??... imma keep asking'
b'hi love! just going to let you know we will hug kiss and love you always because you are our heroes, just ignore hater okay'
b'hi marxh! happy birthday! stay pretty. good god bless you and enjoy your day smile peace smile lab lab :*'
b'him himself told me he had to see me. but yeah i am insane & lie about shit lmao'
b"him : i love you me : wala lang him : huh? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy wtf denisse what's wrong with you smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy"
b'hi my birthday is today, i am not a scorpio but can i get a shout out from you.'
b'hi, noticed you were an ovo music fan! ever heard of yung brook? we can vibe together'
b"hi pat how are you? is it getting cold in dc now? it's getting hot down here in australia been mid 90's & it's not summer yet!"
b"hip hip hooray it's her birthday today! my lovely mum enjoying afternoon tea harrogate."
b'hip -hop super stars with successful fashion brands'
b"just going to tell you now, it's going to fucking suck. i lost my dog in june after having her for 12 -13 years & i was heartbroken."
b'hi & me and my close personal friend have a fridge full of that but were awaiting 2 spoons? fancy it?'
b'his butt is so cute'
b'hi sexy people'
b"*his eyebrow twitches* oi, if you make that kinda face i'll misunderstand."
b"his face says shit i've got chlamydia i never laughed so much in my life lmao"
b'his girlfriend noticed a lump on her butt! then she used a bottle... kind of gross.'
b'sure tomorrow i will go to our mansion hehe i love you mom x'
b'& his name jalen. \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. put cha name on it so you know its real. face throwing a kiss'
b"his role as a leader is really subtle and it's kind of a shame bc it means he does not get recognition as a good leader"
b'actually you are wrong. i could careless about you.'
b'now they say bacon can give you cancer : shame, i used to smoke 20 rashers a day!'
b'history of covering up peados and the club captain pointing at a little boys groin. not right.'
b'history teacher : wheres ur assignment me : uh me : me : i hate snakeu'
b'hit a quad feed first game on lol'
b"hi, thanks for teaching me to believe in myself and in my dreams. you're my hero and inspiration, \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1 i love you \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1"
b'hit the gym, now seeing a movie. great start to the day'
b'hittin they hay. classes start in the morning.'
b'hit ya bae side (bayside ) i did that for the principal/ aye see... slayed her " -'
b"hi world, did you know what happened to orang utan in indonesia forest? they've get burned by the indonesian citizen"
b'hi world, this is my moms broken engrish lol i love her hehehe'
b'hi you are pretty \xe2\x80\x94 ohh thank you. smiling face with open mouth grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"he might have been giving before, but since he wasn't a governor it did not make headlines, and now that he is, it did"
b'wait let me charge my phone'
b'hmm... i should go to sleep 5 seconds of summer'
b'hmmm. do i drink too much?'
b'hmmm one thing i agree is that kelly monaco did that shit!'
b'hm you could literally be unwrapped how fun'
b'rt we live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.'
b"i do not like evo's not my type of car. & challengers are too expensive. i like mine especially for the price i got it"
b'hockey game tomorrow night with my girl \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x8f\x92'
b'nah no ways i wish i was as cool as you b smiling face with halo'
b'inshaallah we will connect you must come one of our entrepreneurs meeting so my colleagues can see how successful our community is.'
b'hoe " is no longer an insult. we have reclaimed that.'
b'hoes so quick to jump on the bandwagon lmaoo'
b'hoes suck dick all night then wake up in the morning and go kiss they babies bitch you disgusting af!'
b'hoes these days'
b'money on infinitize because yep it looks so nice i cant wait to open it smile'
b'fuck the government lets'
b"good reunited and it feels so good! returning to the land of chipotle and butter popcorn \xf0\x9f\x8c\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8d\xbfand y'all of course face with tears of joy"
b'great start to the day guys'
b'looking forward to dressing holdsworth house again very soon. jane x'
b'holidays can be extra stressful, so remember to'
b'" got some " is really sick guys great job!'
b'holly shit that was a good fight!'
b'hollywood creates false myths that are then injected with subtle techniques into the heart of the populace.'
b'i guess to them its about whats trending in the liberial world they are in so they look cool. whats cool is taking care of us 1st'
b'hope you have a amazin day, i should be home by 9 your time smiling face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'holy fucking shit im so tired'
b'holy glenn! never doubted you fam!'
b'holy im seeing justin bieber today. finally after 3 years im seeing him live again. im not okay. im so happy rn'
b'holy shit boy scouts know how to tie 38237 different knots... with ropes... hmu'
b'holy shit. can this logo be more boring? we need to have someone under the age of 70 doing graphic design for'
b'holy shit, check out this " objective " journalism from ya, this seems legit fracking isn\'t bad for the env\'t'
b'holy shit haha. daniels new song is so good smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'holy shit i havent updated my drivers since i built this computer in february lmao'
b'holy shit i just looked at my schedule and i have nothing on fridays no i need friday classes'
b'holy shit i never noticed that'
b'holy shit just realized my last tweet did not show no emotion but i am so excited to meet selena dmsndnsmsm'
b'holy shit! what a fucjin fight'
b'holy shit y\'all, will\'s sister made a quorn " turkey " roast thing and it\'s so good.'
b'holy smokes is absolute fire! side note : beliebe it or not i did not intentionally plan that pun but i am psyched it happened.'
b'home by myself with no one to talk to me is the best.'
b'home from work smile time for some food'
b'home improvement leads dunlap, ia | buy leads - business leads'
b"home improvement projects you'll love a"
b'home improvement with sliding doors'
b'home is where a fridge full of food is \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'home is where i have the luxuries of cable and cuddles with my cat smiling cat face with open mouth'
b'homeland security campaign expands to sports'
b"homemade steak pie and chips for tea tonight. need it after the busy day we've had smile"
b'what an absolute amazing place. nice food and such nice staff. will be back again. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"thanks for an amazing day \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f, where's that follow you promised smirking face"
b'homework done by 8? well... time to catch up on honey boo boo online!?'
b'homework* isthis the sign that i will not finish my fili homework'
b"wow... that's mean. love is crap anyway, never lasts long _ and people become jerks towards their friends"
b'honda adv adventure scooter concept - would be great for london traffic and potholes!'
b'honesltyy rewatching the xfiles is so much more important that my academic career'
b'honestly can not wait for highschool to be over so i can start the next stages in my life relieved face'
b'honestly gained so much respect for today, thank you for making my bestfriend so happy'
b'honestly have never laughed so much at a 1d interview in all my life! will never bet'
b'honestly have not laughed so hard while editing all year! face with tears of joy'
b'honestly i almost just died bc my shower is so slippery lmao. do not round 1 mini-motion and shower guyz'
b"honestly i could careless about you and other people relieved face i have my people and that's all i need"
b'honestly if i roast you that means we good friends face with tears of joy'
b'honestly i have to take a break from e4 if not i would die from all this bullshits'
b'honestly i am mostly excited for a new tri cause then different classes and i get to meet new people'
b"honestly i only watch for she keeps it classy and she's never in any drama!"
b'honestly my family pisses me off more than most people ever could, but i love em regardless'
b'honestly one of the biggest fandom misconceptions that i have trouble with is the idea that grantaire is only attracted to one gender'
b'honestly pets make me so happy. i loved to know i can make an animal happy just by giving it a hug or smiling at it.'
b'honestly ppl need to watch what they say, do, and how they treat me cuz you do not know my life'
b'honestly wish i had a money team that was built off the loyalty and trust. i am doin this money shit by my lonely til proven otherwise'
b'honeycomb pizza for tea tonight i reckon (@glassarmy )'
b'just got off 19 hrs debating if i am going home to finish homework or pop out for a min'
b'honey! great news. i could charge my new phone to the account and i can then pay it in january when i have the money from school! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'that shit aint ez girl.. but i am drinking it so i loose some pounds yassssss lol!'
b'bitch you got the game fucked up lol'
b"leonardo's mind was taken off of planning the day at the smell of freshly baked bread. his fascinated side took over, and -"
b'bitch idek but they look cool'
b'hooray! who is ready for government today?! smile'
b'hope alot of kings will not get mad at me i can test 75 virgins in a room where pass one pass all'
b'hope everyone had a great time at'
b"hope everyone's all ready to sweat in school today.. i know i am!"
b'hopefully i do not suck this weekend.'
b'hopefully i pass my test too'
b'hopefully somebody winning streak ends tonight smiling face with horns'
b"hopefully today will be a successful makeup warehouse shopping trip today if not there's always the mac warehouse sale in a couple weeks lipstick"
b'hope i do not have a concussion?that would just top this good morning off'
b'hope it does not hurt'
b'hope it rains hard enough to hear the pitter patter on the window.'
b"hope she bounces back. we all take l's in some form or another in life. true test of character is how we come back."
b'i am dying they\'re arguing about fever like " fevers the fucking best! " " no! fever is bullshit! "'
b'hope they cancel your show fucking boring i bet you can lick a pussy dry tho ps do something with that hair!'
b'hope this kid makes it into the nba so that kristaps can dunk on him in the last year of his hall of fame career.'
b'hope to see you tonight for the roundtable show. i am talking with'
b'hope you had an amazin day xoxox'
b') hope ur havin a amazin day you both deserve it!'
b'hope work goes nice n easy today.. looking forward to this fancy dress party later. face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'hope you all have a goodnight. lots of covers and stuff soon i promise. stay beautiful. much love x'
b"hope you're happy."
b"hope you've downloaded the last episode of the podcast show. get it here"
b'hope you woke up feeling good this morning dawg face with tears of joy'
b'hoping all the guys in and their crew come out of this okay. keep them all in your thoughts today \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'hoping i run into a large sum of money here in the near future because this being broke shit is getting old'
b'hoping local football is on tomorrow! looking forward to seeing me new team in action! \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'hoping shit gets better in this super crazy world'
b'hoping shit will get better'
b'hoping that we can skip the entire " new year, new me " bull shit tweets'
b'hoping these babies are moving by tomorrow morning, have not felt shit since yesterday evening'
b'hoping the wonderful had an incredible birthday today! may this year be filled with many many blessings! xoxox'
b'hoping this shit sticks through'
b'hoping this weekend does not totally suck'
b'hoping tomorrow is a good day, goodnight i love calum and michael is turning 20 soon holy shit'
b'hoping to read a few of the hardcover books i have lying around this break. these things probably weigh 3 pounds each though holy shit'
b'hoping you drop out and do not get into college and become the true piece of shit you are. thanks lol'
b'wishful thinking. the grass always look greener on the other sade'
b'hosting a cross-party roundtable this morning with on creating a banking sector that serves the real economy'
b'hot babe girl is naked playing with her big sex toy'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1.. watch out, we got ms long hair do not care over here.'
b'hot down here am &m! we shedding eeeeverywhere \xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9 miss you guys xxx'
b'hot guy boarding my flight face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'hot pool fun in after a big day of training'
b'it sounds really sarcastic'
b'barun, were you surprised seeing the love and craze for the show and you in dubai?'
b'hidden valley ranch is overrated'
b'hottest guy i ever saw was empty as can be so i punched him in the chin! take that bitch boy!?'
b'hottie opens her legs back and shows her tattoos'
b'hour 19 of last day of shooting season 5. this about sums it up.'
b'thanks for the follow ma i need to get my new single " i am a real one " face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss dm coming'
b"got in on a best buy order. not sure if it'll get canceled or not but as of now it's coming."
b"how about the boosters use their buyout money to pay everyone's tuition amirite?"
b'how about the syrian refugees that are built like brick shit houses?'
b'how about we do something spontaneous " " suck dick? " " nah not something i do every weekend " peace'
b'how am i supposed to do my home work with these distractions'
b"you must have exciting christmas '! you have an innate sense of knowing when the emotional tides a... more for cancer"
b'how can a kid go to school when they do not have a consistent place to sleep at night?'
b'how can i earn your trust back? " you act like i can give you a list when in real life i can careless about you gaining my trust back.'
b'how can i get a bad credit credit card with a high spending limit?'
b'how can i love when im afraid to fall? all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow... i have died everyday waiting for you.'
b'how can i love when i am afraid to fall? but watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.'
b"how can my mum say she likes the xmas costa menu 'fruits of the forest hot chocolate ' when it's 'blackforest ' loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'how can one be so interesting and wildly amusing?'
b'how can one forget about the spongebob episode with the fry cook games'
b'how can reactions be contagious in a way to spread the mind consciousness system?'
b'how can we help boys love school?'
b'how can you be a leader and have people fighting and arrested at your campaigns persevering face'
b"how can you be so stupid to do that, if you think it's cool to do that shit, it's not, you look like a fucking idiot."
b'how can you compete against major companies?'
b'how can you stay safe from ransomware? tips from & & wireless tech expert scott schober'
b'how casual hookups can help you live a better \xc2\xbb'
b'how come after every bad dwillz game nobody asks " oh still happy nets fans? " like stfu please lol'
b"how come it takes something bad to happen for people to pray for people they do not know? then when they're better, prayers disappear?"
b'how considerate of you to re-acquire dondon, just to trade him again after a year.. salamat ng marami, ah!'
b'how could have this been the best year of my life, and then within months turn into a living nightmare \xf0\x9f\x98\x94\xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'how cute is this! ignorance is a bliss'
b'how did i get lucky with such a good best friend wouldnt trade her for the world!'
b'how did i get so lucky!'
b'how did i get stuck babysitting'
b'how did it go from shorts to sweatpants weather literally overnight'
b"how did the defense grade against oregon? it wasn't pretty."
b'how did you come up with this? i agree with the numbers, except the zero percent chance of losing both.'
b'how does one make themselves " pretty "'
b"how does one write a paper on a book they've never read that's due tomorrow?"
b'how do i get the rights to " chapel of love " by the dixie cups for a student film?'
b'how do people read with that stupid android-weird looking font on their phone like that would bug the shit out of me.'
b'how do they eat so much before games i would die'
b'how do you squish a cupcake for no reason. i am devastated'
b'how do you expect me to survive today off of an hour of sleep?'
b'how do you get to be the best?'
b'how do you know when a fire alarm is real cause i am not running outside in my underwear holding my cat for no reason'
b'how do you pitch a movie or tv show idea? who do i talk to? who got the connections.'
b'how do you truly know if your leadership is effective? " components of'
b'how each of the floors at my school smell like 1st :plastic and construction 2nd :rotten oranges 3rd :lots of sweat mixed with axe body spray'
b'are you bestfriends with like all the contestants on xfactor? follow me please luke xx'
b'however indian vegetarianism and veganism are totally opposite idea. im attracted by hinduism.. hindus recognise having cow milk is good'
b'however it goes down just know " i love you " weary face face throwing a kiss'
b'however you commute, did you notice increased security today?'
b'how going to school gone teach me mo shit and the teachers said i would not be shit restn n peace la'
b'how good are you when it comes to mathematics? share your knowledge & help finish her math homework!'
b'how have you been? its really been awhile since we last talked (; \xe2\x80\x94 im fine thank-you & you are? flushed face'
b'how having a push goal can help affect your other goals -'
b'how? he was in a school full of children when it happened. i admit he planned it but he did not do it himself. he paid people.'
b'personal opinion & taste but for me 1st act is out,,, 2nd act at risk tomorrow night'
b"until you can walk in howie's shoes for 10 miles. or do you sit higher then your higher spirit? judging?"
b'how i am really sick and have been for a while and they know how much i want to do well but they just keep making it worse'
b'how is it a nap if it\'s 5 hours long? you should just be getting regular sleep " unamused face'
b'how is it possible that all the hate and anger i had inside of me for years just vanish in two seconds?'
b'how israel pressures bbc into changing headlines :'
b'how i wish ada food in my car right now! long drive with no food aint cool at all'
b'how long ago were you given that essay assignment? " " about 2 months ago " " and you still havent started? " " nope'
b'how long is harry gonna grow out his hair'
b'how lovely! " love letters represent a brazen courage, and for that reason, i love love letters. "'
b'how many absences can you have with a b to still get exemptions? please reply i am really sick and curious'
b'how many cups till i am immortal?'
b'how many followers do you get daily? 6 awesome new followers for me! grow with'
b'how many posts can i make using " the first thanksgiving " painting?'
b'how many prayers have you said for people who would never even waste a thought on you'
b'how many retweets can this video of the last one direction otra group hug get one direction'
b'how many school buses full of children do i have to hijack to get a response from you?'
b'how many women love a guy with a smart bow tie?'
b'how much do you need in retirement? watch bucket strategy investing at 10:00 am pt!'
b'how much you need to each month to have 355 at start investing now to reac'
b"how one female lawyer in india is fighting for women's rights"
b'how organizations can encourage people to be their best selves via'
b'how other bloggers have helped my recovery journey on'
b'how people go on social media not expecting to read about tv shows like you dumb nigga'
b'how soon will you get back on your feet after usually the same day.'
b"how tall are you exactly \xe2\x80\x94 i am pretty sure i am 5 '10"
b': how tf has more followers on here than me & bitch you just made your twitter face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b"how the fuck does still have a job at which he's not laughed?"
b'how to ask my teacher out face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'how to attain good results by using physical therapy 98118'
b'how to be an effective single father'
b'how to be brave? but when i see you stand alone all of my doubt goes away'
b'how to be brave? how can i love when i am afraid to fall? but watching you stand alone all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5'
b'how to become your authentic self. listen here : best talk radio'
b'how to build a better relationship? \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'how to care for people. i want to walk in her shoes and follow her footsteps. i love you so much.'
b"how to encourage customer loyalty in your biz & why it's critical to your success \xe2\x86\x92"
b'how to find work you love :'
b'how to get 100,000 real twitter followers [tutorial ]'
b'how to have the greatest relationship of your life courses'
b'how to make a player better - correct technique - validate - build confidence - parents switch to a team with more wins - wait hey'
b'how to make it easy for people to help you'
b'how to not get shocked exiting a car via - you go, physics girl'
b'how to organize a successful meeting?'
b'how to pass a math test 101'
b'how to plan a successful sales conference or meeting :'
b'how to tell if someone is too old/young for you'
b'how to turn your struggling business into a success - learn here :'
b'how to unleash your best work every day -'
b'how to write a really good paper : go on youtube and learn how to french braid hair from videos on there instead'
b'how you brag about tru jeans and big screen tv and yo rent only 1. 87 i be balling too'
b'how you leave yo mans down for a broke bitch most of these tuff niggas on some hoe shit'
b'how you talk bout somethin wit a hoeee?'
b'how we respond in times of adversity is the true test of character and strength. do we lay down & give in or fight like heck & improve?'
b'how will i ever remember the codeword? it is so difficult'
b'how you niggas set up i am never loosing my virginity face with tears of joy'
b'i did not know what to say, lol. cuz im not ugly because i know i have a pretty face!'
b'art angels is great track but the best on the whole album? this review is suspect smile'
b'htgawm just stressed me out even more. i do not need this.'
b"maybe it's not an open beta weekend then? guess i just got lucky you can all suck it i am the greatest woo!"
b'can you please bring back the 59 dollar pillow deal from yesterday. i accidentally only bought 2.'
b': abstinence -only sex ed dominates in state with highest teen pregnancy " woah shocker!'
b'all actors should be paid under a per day and face a barrage of rotten fruit and vegetables if their performance is off'
b'\'alleged " the key word here & never proven'
b"good, let's also ban anyone getting public assistance & anyone declared a dependent by someone else"
b'he\'s perfect. conversation start like this," so you start by talking about her tits, and putting your arm around her. "'
b': how the drug war is bankrupting higher education " thank you pot smokers?'
b"i do not know how you did it because he sure wasn't funny this time."
b'makeup is an oppressive tool pushed on women, while they are wasting time on makeup, men are gaining & that increases the gap'
b'once they got past the shyness, he was swamped with people saying nice things, in fact he had to stop the line so piss off'
b"the trump political reality show will end he is not who he says he is he's not capable not fit for america"
b'trust me: there are many english kings who secretly were "queens".'
b"would have been profession to give notice to now, he's all freaked out and posting crazy theories on youtube."
b'yeah your boss shows up and people are supposed to be surprised people say nice things to his face, "c\'mon man!"'
b'kind woman buys everything in toy shop so homeless children will not go without this christmas'
b'blue up and down, get these do nothing but collect a salary out of office!'
b"clinton's have a sinister history that makes their opponents die an unnatural death. it must be a new trend in usa politics."
b"if he thinks that hiring a female manger will attract women then he's out of touch. and she wasn't the one to hire to do that."
b'moved to a little left from extreme right?'
b'not sure about psychopath but there is certainly something very wrong...'
b'she needs to be moved to an insane asylum after going to a plastic surgeon. she can split bullets with that chin.'
b'you are correct jason, very good. he is an old man and might not know what he is doing, but guided.'
b'huffpost posted a zayn pic as a header for an isis article'
b'huge congratulations to on a wonderful opening event yesterday. it was an absolute joy from start to finish!'
b'huge shout out to as their work supporting is amazing. love what do, so go check them out at'
b'huge shoutout to my cat for existing'
b"huge shout out to y10 student hannah gardner who represented for the u16's against germany"
b"huge thank you too i am beyond blessed right now & it's all because of you! thank you so much you're the best weary face face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x94\x92"
b'huggies by far is the worst freaking diapers ever, like they need to take them shit out the stores lmao fr.'
b'happy birthday joey \xf0\x9f\x98\x98hope you had an amazing day & stay safe tonight face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b"hug it out! you can rewatch last night's on the cmt app or online :"
b'good i am happy you have the boys new album! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b': lord, thank you for waking me up today. i am healthy. i am blessed. i love you. amen.'
b"hugs and prayers, to you mr. sheen. we all make mistakes but sadly, yours were made public. it's not okay for people to blackmail you"
b"huh, who would have thought that i would wake up to pouring rain on move-in day? that's new."
b'huh wtf is wrong with me'
b'human rights are women\'s rights, and women\'s rights are human rights. " watch h\'s speech as flotus 20yrs ago.'
b'_humbledbeauti provides a good example of something to'
b'hungry cos i spent my lunch time finding best selfie lighting at work. worth it tbh.'
b'hungry is it lunch time or munch time \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'hungry & i want drinks'
b'really hungry so its friday full english breakfast this morning!'
b'pretty sure they still are'
b'hunter is such a good friend to me'
b'i really love you a lot and i wanna meet you so bad. you do not know how much you mean to me. i love you so much hunter'
b'damn. xd do you get people telling you to stop making duck faces in photos often?'
b'hurray! i have finished " road to success " task in big business hd for ipad!'
b'hurt bruhhh... mood 100 to 0'
b'husband and wife singing tenor together... so sweet'
b'husbands, love your wives, just as christ loved the church and children obey your parents for this is right.'
b'so glad you love them. hope the little baby bed keeps her close to mama. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"that's awesome! on monday you'll have to tell me how that works in it smile"
b'looking forward to the girls hockey this afternoon although looks like we might get wet!'
b'hyatt used to have a super generous and game-able offer where anyone with even hilton gold (through a credit card'
b"hyo's gonna look so cool tonight omggggg"
b'this didnt bother me w/ yellow bc it was subtle but this char was screaing im so manly every five seconds and when she'
b'hyper -realistic tattoos you will not believe'
b'hyuk is so excited next to the girlgroups lol always dancing to their choreo i love him'
b"wtf that's so wrong and ignorant face with tears of joy"
b'no, i would hate being a teacher. i do not want to have to talk in front of a lot of people ;;'
b'yeeass it means i want you to show your pretty face again and you have to do it.. hehehe \xe2\x9c\x8c\xe2\x9c\x8c\xe2\x9c\x8c'
b'is it to late to say sorry for not knowing how to twitter.'
b'shutdown est and west lanes due to a 18 wheeler turning ova and leakin diesel... dat driver must have been sleepy as fucc!'
b'i35 is always packed'
b"post lots of pics pls am &g pics make me so happy (that's not creepy right? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy )"
b'i absolutely hate being sick sad'
b'i absolutely love my new bracelet! its so pretty and they are going to donate too!'
b'i absolutely love the smell of freshly brewed coffee but i do not actually drink coffee... smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i act like i do not care, but deep inside, i swear it kills me.'
b'i actually can enjoy my thanksgiving break & not have to worry about working at food lion'
b'i actually can not wait to gtfo of highschool'
b'i actually did something with my hair today d'
b'i actually do not mind coming here and have to do very minimal work. but my supervisor makes this job stressful then what it needs to be'
b"i actually enjoyed last night's episode of there was an actual story & i was invested in it! thank you to whoever wrote this episode"
b'i actually hate when the teacher asks you to tell them what happened so you do and they say " that\'s not a good excuse " cause its not an excuse'
b'i actually left the house and had fun with friends today.'
b'i actually love idk why people have such a problem with her she seems pretty cool'
b'i actually love being called princess'
b'i actually love geometry'
b'i actually love family so much'
b'i actually sweat school of rock so hard'
b'i added a video to a playlist bring me the horizon - true friends (official lyric video )'
b'i admire you endlessly & love you more everyday thank you for being who you are mind following me? black heart suit'
b'i admit i laughed at the knicks when they picked but it looks like kristaps is for real.'
b"i agree 100 % smile there's so much cool shit to talk about and you're wasting your breath on putting someone down lol."
b'i agree amber thanks for the great work i admire you x'
b'i agree anyone else'
b'i agree arab spring is a mess they should have started on the west blame bin laden'
b'i agree but i do not hate sheamus as much as other people.'
b'i agree, but i am willing to reserve judgement until the end of the year when i have seen him -'
b'i agree but i think ai would be able to do just enough make every shot difficult'
b'i agree but sims made a tremendous play they played with fire that whole game beat adversity man beautiful thing developing'
b'i agree completely, but if you can get a top 15 coach, you do it! instead of hoping and praying next year is turning point.'
b'i agree it is nasty and rude.'
b"i agree! i've been saying this for a while!"
b'i agree that a mother calling the police to say her sons being groomed on line, should have been looked into.'
b'i agree that the sub-system is a little op.'
b'i agree, the chat was completely crazy'
b'i agree, the show is pimping hope and rafe, but how can they go there when hope lost two husbands in the span of a few weeks?'
b'i agree smile solid fan'
b'i agree w/da lyrics. when i 1st heard it, i cudnt make out the english words. she likes slurring her words. its a cl thing'
b'i agree which is why i do not think they would consider claiming him even with the space'
b'i agree with 30 %... maybe more.'
b'i agree with chief lanier! citizens need to be able to protect and defend themselves.'
b'i agree with donald trump! even i would protect my home from violent people!'
b'i agree with paul on this'
b"i agree with the dodgers hire. dude was a griddy player and has heart. i wasn't a fan of kapler as a manager."
b'i agree with this 100 %'
b'i agree with this observation! for some reason, twitter seems to lack the startup attitude you associate with fb for e. g.'
b'i agree with you :))'
b'i agree with you apart from the futon. you need to build a hut in the middle of nowhere. live off grid & start talking to yourself'
b'i agree with you. are these the same people who say bc was genius?'
b'i agree with you bc 1) i would hit so many people & 2) i can finally get run over face with tears of joy'
b"i agree with you now but i'll say you're wrong to someone you do not follow because it's the internet."
b'i agree, with you. ward definitely has shown plenty of promise from year one to year two.'
b"i agree working on how i communicate it's hard work but i can do it just gotta try n the rest is easy"
b'i agree, you have to be somehow ready to handle responsibily that comes with success, success can be destructive.'
b'iainn built for that shit'
b'iainn worried i am immortal baae icould lift off the ground smirking face face throwing a kiss'
b"i ain't a good example of a christian but my love for god is special, and nobody can take that away from me."
b"i ain't go no manners for no sluts"
b"i ain't got no manners for no sluts, i'ma put my thumb in her but."
b"i ain't got no manners for sluts iam but my thumb up her burr-future saying real shit"
b"i ain't got nothing to do tonight"
b'i almost broke my door handle weary face i could not get that mf to open.'
b'i already know i failed my physics test'
b'i also hate english class 3'
b"i also havent started on another assignment that's due tmr too lmao"
b'i also love their own desire. all the " adults " are such jerks. both norma\'s parents. bob at his most devastating'
b'i also love you and can not wait to play tonight'
b'i also \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f when i do stocking bc then a cigarette break is throughly enjoyed instead of cut off because someone needs to be cashed out'
b"i always appreciate artists wanting to work with me. it's a blessing that we can combine our talents."
b'i always come up with the best ideas'
b'i always find it funny when people are genuinely shocked at how cold it is here'
b"i always get so scared i am going to get shocked whenever i open doors because it's cold"
b'i always get the best ideas for matching tattoos but like who am i supposed to get them with?'
b'i always get the worst sore throat after drinking coffee and eating sushi? my new favorite things? like wtf'
b'i always get white af in the winter face with tears of joy'
b'i always gotta hug my pillow so i can fall asleep'
b'i always make my first whiskey drink so strong and that just makes me keep drinking them that strong lol'
b"i always miss amusing and interesting things. tell me, how did y'all find out, were the reactions iconic? weary face face with tears of joy"
b'i always see cool ppl n then wish i was cool'
b'i always tell people i am going to sleep but really i end up laying in the dark just thinking for like 2 hrs.'
b'i always vote no on this shit. as parents love to scream when i point out their kids are acting like jerks, " my'
b'i always wonder if you smile at my texts like i smile at yours'
b'i am 100,000,000,000,000 % sure i legitimately failed that physics test'
b'i am 8 game winning streak against brian face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'nice one my mentor.. cant wait 4 it bro... bro teslim said he can not make it 2 come dis weekend... till nest week... thank you bro'
b'my bags are always packed and by the door for a good trip'
b'i am all for new shows. but not when they interrupt my normal schedule.'
b"i am a paleontologist. that's who i am."
b'i am a " strong maybe " on just about everything.'
b'oh gosh i love you so much austin loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f you mean just as much to me. thank you so much.'
b'i am a because i am a great friend and a lovable person.'
b'i am a woman and proud to be who i am without disrespecting or denigrating any other people, race, religion or group of any kind.'
b"i am beyond heartbroken but it's better to have solved mysteries and lost than never to have solved at all"
b'i am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. excellence, i can reach for ; perfection is god\'s business. " - michael j. fox'
b'i am chill i do not need my mentions full of children like khaos'
b'i am determined to have my chris as shopping done by december 1st so i can just enjoy the holidays this year.'
b"i've only had a sandwich but i've been drinking wine so i want steak lol"
b'i am surprised you have not been drinking since 8 lol'
b'i am feeling pretty loved right now. i have awesome parents.'
b'i am feeling very good'
b'two chavvy girls got arrested for real fighting over a \xc2\xa33 thong ha'
b"i am fortunate to be able to speak the people's language. we help bring an understanding to things they already know."
b'you downloaded mp3 from tubemate?'
b"i am getting closer to bex. she does not like chappy and pat's her mate. she fancies andy g and i am her mate. it's better than nothing."
b'i am glad he brought this to the top of the agenda. it will be for this community to have this real conversation'
b'i am going to keep claiming i am immortal until the day i die'
b'i am going to start posting interesting/ amusing from some i am doing involving and other sources. hope you enjoy.'
b'i am headed your way! can not wait to play tonight. see you soon houston.'
b'chile i was shocked like nigga i know ur feet cold loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i am and u're"
b"i am hurt so here is me spreading my pain from finding this text post about how it'd be dating jimin"
b'i am in an amazingly happy mood lately. can not drag me down.'
b'i am in a super happy mood, because of'
b'i am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow! just finished our dress rehearsal here at for'
b'i am looking forward to the football game on thursday, thanksgiving, and black friday shopping'
b'well i guess because they were missing pleasure p.'
b"good you! glad you're getting better x"
b'i am not a fan of injection medications. they are not fun.'
b'i am'
b"i am going through this all over with another person i've fallen for"
b'i am not the father smile'
b'i am not the type of dog who would keep you waiting, for no good reason.'
b"i am not your 5 minute cigarette break, you can not light me up whenever you're in the mood, and put me out when you're tired of me."
b'i am not your five minute cigarette break'
b'i am not your five minute cigarette break. you can not put me out after lighting me up.'
b'i am now 2 weeks smoke free, my co levels are already that of a non smoker. woohoooo!'
b'i am now regretting waking up early face with tears of joy im slowly falling back asleep while scrolling through twitter sleeping face'
b"just collected my twin sisters ' pension"
b'would be thrilled to have you in chapel hill! love your blog!'
b'i am really going to enjoy watching strictly in blackpool in my giraffe onesie whilst eating a chinese takeaway'
b'i am really good at waking up on my first alarm, turning the other ones off, and then falling back asleep while on my phone.'
b'i am really such a lovable person you can not help but love me lol'
b"never mind. got it. yes! i 'll let you know what i think about it but i am pretty sure, i 'll love it. ur after all the 1 singin it!"
b': you a lame of you get played by a bitch " i flip it they calling me flippa'
b'i am running on no sleep this is not good and i need to finish my homework before break this is dumb'
b'i am sending prayers to the divine mother for you benjamin. xox'
b'i am so beyond excited to meet in brisbane!'
b'i am so blessed in life now thank you universal energy'
b'i am so blessed to be alive at the same time as liam and zayn thank you mom and dad for forgetting the pill'
b'i am so blessed to have friends that truly care and want the best for one another'
b'i am so cool that even ninbendo could not handle it and blocked me'
b'i am so damn stressed out and i do not need anybody to add on more stress in my life sleepy face'
b'i am so detached and miserable i just got shocked by the sensation of my own cold saliva'
b'i am so excited i ordered the drug lord lipstick by smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i am so excited to meet my baby boy, he is going to bring my loved ones and i so much joy. god knows we all need this. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i am so glad that glenn is alive from the walking dead!'
b'i am so grateful that my " job " (its not even a job, i enjoy it so much ) is teaching kids how to dance'
b'i am so heartbroken... i really lost my favorite tie lmfaoo weary face loudly crying face loudly crying face rip smooth floral tie. gone but not forgotten.'
b'i am so heartbroken, shattered and distraught beyond words... i lost my grandma last night... it hurts'
b'iam so hurt disappointed face whole screen shattered'
b'i am so incredibly thankful to be able to climb into a warm bed and to have people that love and care about me.'
b'i am so lazy to charge my phone.'
b"i am so mad at grown ass adults who shove themselves in with all their weird nonsense in fandoms full of children, it's just like haikyuu"
b"i am sooo not a morning person.. have a good day e 'rybody"
b'i am so proud to know these people. awesome job'
b"i am so sad that got canceled. it is one of the best shows i've seen this year. such great characters and story. smiling face with heart shaped eyes crying face"
b'i am so stressed i do not need this, this week especially lol'
b'i am so terrible at texting! i get distracted so easily'
b'i am so thankful to be a fan of such a great man 3'
b'good night dear friend sweet sweet dreams smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"ka 90's mashup is the best with all the alterations and her beautiful voice is simply awesome"
b'iam stay glad \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f, while you over there mad face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'i am still a local artist who is making connections in northern cali, so i feel i am entitled to talk about these things artist go through'
b'i am such a fan of thigh tattoos smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'if apple had slavishly copied a samsung product, but sold it as " better " then no way samsung would sue apple.'
b'i am super excited for tonight! is going to be amazing!'
b'i am super excited for tonight with and just a little over an hour!'
b'i am super excited to see star wars but i will say i am very excited to see creed as well. i think i am going to go opening day'
b'i am the most happy girl yayyyy amazing i love it i am dancing like a crazy lol'
b'i am tired &stressed. have been working 18hrs yesterday, slept less than 3hrs, cont working for more hours today. so please, i do not need drama.'
b'i am to blessed to be stressed.. thank you lord for another wonderfully made day from you.. "'
b'i am too full of life to be half loved'
b'i am trying to look cool in this pic.'
b"wow never would have thought you'd stoop to tweeting your enemy"
b': imma need some razhae pussy this year " no ian'
b'goodnight beautiful world'
b'i am officially dead please can my coffin be his face all around'
b"i appreciate being woke up this morning lord. it's a blessing"
b'i appreciate everyone that shows love man! that shit is a blessing.'
b'i appreciate everything that oreo is doing right now'
b'i appreciate le mother blessing my facebook timeline with criminal minds'
b'i appreciate nerdy, geeky men, the ones i know are super hilarious and sweet. i would actually prefer one smirking face'
b'i appreciate that one blessing i have which is you n i love this blessing smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x98luv ya'
b'i appreciate the new followers, but you all are going to be treated mostly to nerdy law stuff and occasional snark about higher education.'
b'i automatically smile when you text me.'
b'it was a blessing bro, i appreciate it'
b'i became more full of life.'
b'i been silently laying in the dark for dumb long. so damn peaceful sparkles'
b'i been waking up on and falling back asleep. hate nights like that. not use to sleep at night ugh'
b'i be feeling good when i am in class i use to hate school till i started college now i just do what i want when i want'
b'i be forgetting all about my tv i was just laying in the dark for hours face with tears of joy'
b'i beg to differ - pakistan did it! " abvp men assault 98 migrant workers in karnataka, drag them out of train " |'
b"i believe in better days, that's why i pray"
b'i believe in the scriptures'
b"i be press for song credit, that's my shit"
b'i be ready to hurt trevor, i hate that nigga yo'
b'i bet a cannibal\'s fridge would look a lot like an office fridge : full of containers labeled with people\'s names. " -julius sharpe face with tears of joy'
b'i bet childhood obesity rates in hidden valley are completely off the charts.'
b'i bet liam was so excited to meet an avenger smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i be tryna lurk on tweets but all he tweets about is football.'
b"i bet she turns around and says 'aww you're such a good friend '"
b"i better enjoy not having classes on friday while i still can because i'll be having two on fridays next semester loudly crying face"
b'i better get me an umbrella for bayou classic, rain is definitely in the forecast'
b'i better pass this drug test too face with tears of joy'
b'i be up for the nothing just laying in the dark'
b'and myself are just full to bursting on this tea tonight \xf0\x9f\x90\xb8\xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i bought a camera & took photos. they kinda suck but i am learning. this was from in san antonio last weekend.'
b'i bought me a iron man usb today. good'
b'i bring back problem like big titties'
b'i brought a shopping cart into the mall yesterday and sean rode in it.'
b"i call this the 'rainy day commuter butt ' via/r/bicycling"
b'i came here to have a good time and im honestly feeling so attacked right now'
b"i came home from the hospital to rattle & snap and slept in my nanny's woodbox for a crib smile"
b'i can already see how today is about to go. maybe i should just sleep the day away and stay to myself. smh.'
b'partially yes face with tears of joy thank god shonda does not write any other shows i am way too invested in i think'
b'i can be attracted to anyone but i do not see the point of labelling it'
b'i can be boring and say you lying cause there is no spur in venda.'
b'i can be on tumblr and do my home work at the same time right?'
b'i can be really mean or really sarcastic, depends on the way you take it.'
b'i can be the most loyalists person in your life or your worst nightmare your choice'
b'i can careless about you, not give a fuck or anything, but as long as you respect me i am good, just do not ever disrespect'
b'i can careless about you now'
b'i can clean any other part of the house but my room unamused face'
b"i can deal with a lot of dumb tv but there are some things that just really annoy me and tonight's twd is one of those things."
b'i can do that in the summer so ima happy as hell! i hate school can not wait for it to be over with my next problem is grad school'
b'i can do what i want to. i play by my own rules?'
b'i can eat endlessly with a full fridge'
b'i can explain i swear'
b'i can feel the energy.. some people are polite, cos they do not want any smoke. but the shits been lit. i deeped it. what a shame'
b'i can feel the grass bend under my feet i can taste the air and i swear it was sweet "'
b"i can french braid someone else's hair... and that's about it loudly crying face"
b'i can literally lay around in bed for hours doing nothing, i love it.'
b'i can never sleep on these long bus rides'
b'i can never sleep through a full night without waking up and falling back asleep a million times'
b"i can not be around people who are just in negative moods everyday, all day. like life is not that bad. there's someone out doing worse."
b'i can not believe it worked! that is mind blowing! xx'
b'i can not wait for baby alan to get here! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f baby april please come faster'
b'i can not wait for high school to be over man.'
b'i can not wait to be back in california for the weekend. vegas can suck it face with stuck out tongue'
b'i can only sleep 4 hours'
b"i can relate to what you're saying in your songs, so when i have a shitty day, i drift away and put 'em on."
b'i can say that my thanksgiving break has started i am so happy but i am really tired atm'
b'i can see strength getting better in my knee, but still hurts like crazy worry'
b'i can start back being that petty bitch \xf0\x9f\x85\xbf\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i cant believe " baby its cold outside " was actually an illicit romance b/n santa and rudolph... shocked +appalled'
b'i can not believe im losing sleep because of this'
b"i can not believe i've had nothing to do these past two days after work! i might as well keep those closing shifts! unamused face"
b'i cant believe my friends are all shit cunts wow same'
b'i can not believe this but i think i should sleep tbh \xf0\x9f\x98\xa6\xf0\x9f\x98\xa6\xf0\x9f\x98\xa6'
b'i cant believe tomorrow is my last day off work im so depressed'
b'i can not believe tvd is finally getting canceled this is such a beautiful blessed day'
b'i can not believe you already have 18, i am very proud of you, i love you so much and hope you have a nice bday'
b'i can not believe you just turned around and married some guy 12 years after we made out at that party.'
b"i can not be the only one that finds 'xoxoxo ' really sarcastic"
b'i can not decided if i need a hug, 6 shots of vodka, or a 12 hour nap'
b'i cant do my home work without listening a song or sing?problem ha \xe2\x9c\xa8-me'
b'i can not do this, by myself. please god, i need your help. hear my prayers, & forgive me, for all of my sins.'
b', i can tell rondell gonna be a good dad by the way he treat his nephew white smiling face heavy black heart \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d..'
b'i can not even deal with this dumb skank on tv right now.'
b"i cant even lie, you been on my mind. it's killing me everyday yeah."
b'i can not even remember how old i was when i started crushing on fernando colunga'
b'i cant feel my chest, my heart dropped, im breathing hard wow & then all these suicidal thoughts come again what a day.'
b'i can not forget my secret love for face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"i can not fw you if you can not be serious, if we're having a conversation & you laugh. do not talk to me again."
b'i can not help but hate you. you are such an awful person it makes me sick to my stomach'
b'i can not imagine him as a lawyer though like shit gets so intense & heated & he\'d be like " spread all the love. h. "'
b'i can not imagine why you can not keep a boyfriend.'
b'i can not listen to it crying face because i have stupid android!'
b"i can not listen to riser by dierks bentley without thinking about my mom. she's such a strong woman!"
b'i cant pass a permit test but i can weave thru trafic man smh'
b"i can not quite explain it ; porn is just porn. bad acting and dialogue and just sex. there's nothing more."
b"i can not reach the gas and the break when i drive my mom's car so it feels like an adventure every time i get behind the wheel."
b'i can not remember the last time i needed a cigarette break so fucking bad.'
b'i cant sleep and not sleepy yet sad'
b'i can not sleep because i am too excited to meet michael'
b'i can not sleep.. my view rn is lovely.'
b'i can not speak about abortion at a university because i do not have a uterus my human rights are attacked'
b'i can not stand the smell of freshly milked milk. loool'
b'i can not stand when people look at me like i am broke when i use my credit card for small purchases.'
b'i can not teach you my swag/ you can pay for school but you can not buy class "'
b'i can not wait for 1st of december. the bible starts showing on the history channel!'
b'i can not wait for freeman to make history'
b"i can not wait for my last season of high school softball & to rep my papa's number for him to smile down from heaven relieved face"
b'i can not wait for sunshine, cute bikinis, no school, and the beach'
b'i can not wait for thanksgiving so i can drink too much wine and avoid all my families questions about college 33'
b'i cant wait for thanksgiving to be over with already so everyone can stop yelling at me for having my christmas tree up lmao'
b'i can not wait for the cpac convention, or as it is known by its proper name..'
b'i cant wait for the day when gross people do not act like harry is some object who obviously want you because he was you know, nice to you?'
b'i can not wait for this exhibition at'
b'i can not wait for this school year to end.'
b'i cant wait omg its too real im getting so bald its not nice'
b'i can not wait tell i have nerds do my home work for me'
b'i can not wait till convention and seeing all my show friends'
b'i can not wait till next week when i can stay up late & not have to dread waking up for school in the morning smile'
b'i can not wait till this fucking cough goes away'
b'i can not wait till zumba convention 2012!'
b'i can not wait til my hair long enough to wear my knots in public'
b'i can not wait to babysit baylee & arya tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i can not wait to babysit fluff again i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f her'
b'i can not wait to babysit my niece tomorrow :-)\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'i can not wait to be a " mrs. " ring'
b'i cant wait to be a nice person again'
b"i can not wait to be done with high school it's honestly so old"
b"i can not wait to be in my baby's arms again i get to see him today good i hope smile i am stressing out about school"
b'i cant wait to be reunited w/ you all good'
b'i can not wait to come home from school and play bo3 all day smiling face with open mouth'
b'i can not wait to get home'
b'i can not wait to get out of highschool. shit gets more corny everyday.'
b'i can not wait to get school over with tomorrow'
b'i cant wait to get some nice, salty country ham on thanksgiving weary face'
b'i can not wait to get summo tattoos'
b'i cant wait to get the fuck out of highschool'
b'i can not wait to go home after school tomorrow and watch greys anatomy'
b'i cant wait to go to bed when i get home'
b'i can not wait to go to highschool.'
b'i can not wait to go to the oyster fest ^. ^'
b'i can not wait to graduate so i can spend every waking minute of my life at my old highschool - said no one ever (except for the pathetic few )'
b'i can not wait to just start my life and move out and finish fucking highschool.'
b'i can not wait to make love to my bed. i am so sleepy.! sleeping face'
b'i can not wait to move into a different dorm and go to a different school'
b'i can not wait to not have classes on fridays.'
b'i can not wait to play tonight'
b'i can not wait to play tonight, ten bucks i hit a dope shot tonight'
b'i cant wait to put 4 walls and hyyh pt1/2 albums on display how nice would that look'
b'i can not wait to reward myself with a full season of jessica jones right after school'
b'i cant wait to see finding nemo in 3d hear!'
b"i cant wait to see her next week i missed her man. she's so freaking nice"
b'i cant wait to see my first paycheck gunnna look very nice'
b'i cant wait to see sunny smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i can not wait to see the outside world my parents hoped of seeing! i'll see them in their stead. they would be proud!"
b'i can not wait to start college in the winter. i am getting real tired of highschool drama and all the fake ass people in this small town'
b'i can not wait until 3rd mp, no more history and i am taking drivers ed smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i can not wait until class registration is over tomorrow'
b'i can not wait until convention smiling face with heart shaped eyes so many dance workshop so many acting workshop smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i can not wait until i finish school & start my career where i do not have to work with high school kids.'
b'i can not wait until tomorrow after school oh my god'
b"i can not wake up, 'cause i ain't been to sleep. and, the stuff i got on, i been in it for a week. i gotta go to work."
b'i can not with no wana b n everybody face ass bitch.. i like laid back, chillin bitches smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i can watch the walking dead tonight loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f. i feel like i am dreaming pensive face'
b'i careless about you neutral face'
b'i careless about you, there for its no disscution'
b'ice cram and an english sunset. gotta try that soon.'
b'i certainly did not trounce jet black at a game of strip poker as well! come on! i am full of life! " \xe2\x95\xbdobviously downright absurdity \xe2\x95\xbd'
b'ice skating was really fun with him last night \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i changed my hair, i love it. there are several colors so my friend called it red velvet kiss. lol'
b'i changed my radio station for the first time today in 2 years'
b'i choose whatever brings the most chaos. i will not keep it for long anyway. they always end up under the couch.'
b'i chose brown sugar mini wheats'
b'i clipped and hit sticked a dude... and we won lol pretty good game'
b'i coming to school in oversized sweat pants my moms oversized sweatshirt and slippers'
b'i constantly see tweets about arsenal on twitter. thanks for keeping the world updated &'
b'i continuously tell myself i am gonna do my home work but i always end up lying in bed cuddling my textbook instead'
b'i coulda had my paper done 4 days ago but i get distracted too easily'
b"i could careless about you and what you doin ', bitch fuck you face with tears of joy"
b'i could careless about you kid'
b'i could careless about you or what you got going on put litter in its place symbol'
b'i could do a dance 100 % correctly but still get laughed at for doing it wrong just because i am white face with tears of joy'
b'i could do you how you do me but that hoe shit do not run in my blood open hands sign'
b'i could hands down do an assignment in an hour but i drag it out for myself ffs i get distracted so easily'
b'i could honestly careless about you little girls, but test me? i will rock your jaw winking face'
b'i could never allow myself to wear sweat pants to school waving hand sign pink or not.'
b'i could never push myself on no nigga who does not give me the attention i want'
b"i could not handle having a coffee shop in my building. i'd go broke. and mental. and broke."
b'i could not handle living in countries where minus conditions are the norm'
b'i could not handle such an atrocity... i would go into a depression white frowning face'
b"i couldn't ask for a better bestfriend \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f i love you liv \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i couldn't handle a night out with"
b'i couldn\'t say " sayang " that easy before. wow what a huge improvement.'
b"i couldn't stop watching this. (warning butt )"
b"i couldn't think of anything else because of the sound of the pitter-patter of the rain. it was just me and the rain and it feels good."
b'i could probably ride my razor scooter home down main street faster than if i sit in traffic.'
b'i could really careless about you.'
b"i could see me trying to finish all my homework an hour before it's due"
b'i could sleep for 4 days straight right about now.'
b"i could smell my mom's freshly baked banana muffins weary face so tempted to go down and eat"
b'i creep on my followers when i finish my homework. sorry.'
b'i cried that day because you really wanted to be there with 5/5 crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i cried tonight whilst watching the cinderella movie trailer with emilia... wtf is wrong with me! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\xb8'
b'i cry a lot for a heartless bitch with " no feelings "'
b'i cry everytime that video of harry styles getting close to the camera and yelling the lyrics to no control'
b'i cry pretty easily for someone who claims im a " heartless bitch "'
b"icymi : at pitt's football complex, the grass isn't always greener"
b"icymi, it's football friday time! tell me what game you're looking forward to this week!"
b'last week we launched the awesome lapseworld! take a look at'
b"follow for beautiful, long lasting, hair to die for! go get yo inches y'all face with tears of joy"
b'is awesome! beautiful, long lasting, virgin indian hair! the best of any women would hope to have!'
b"i'd buzz over an asda create your own pizza for tea tonight"
b'idc how crazy a bitch is said to be if she out here disrespectin me she gone get hit'
b'i deadass shower so quick like dash'
b'i declare my name is my destiny to be mother for ish gibbor chayil quicker full of children'
b'i dedicate this link to & - (thanks to )'
b'a un reports says the attack was started when the streets were full of children.'
b"idgaf if you do not like me i bet you ain't going to do shit but stare me when i walk by, lurk through my shit, & wish i gave a fuck"
b"i'd give my left arm to be playing today in the opening round of nationals \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'id give my right arm to be in the paralympics'
b"i'd hate it if someone downloaded the music i worked hard to make for free. me :downloads more songs on mp3 for free."
b'id hate to be an judge on xfactor this year... they are all class to win'
b"i'd hire this smart classy young lady in a quick minute! she obviously has morals & values most young people do not"
b'i did great on my speech, aced my oral exam and feel great about my accounting exam. it was a great day!'
b'i did my best to you, nothing for me to do'
b'i did not charge my phone lastnight'
b'i did not do my home work'
b'i did not do my home work last night, i am tired & sick, & my freaking northward is pink & my shirt is red but i am colder then a mf so'
b'i did not forget, it just slipped my mind when i could say something. happy birthday.'
b'i did not get junior swimming but i cooked a winning sole and mushroom bake in 1979, hence i am a chef too'
b'i did not realize how flavorless the ranch in janzow was until i had some hidden valley ranch'
b'i did not realize how many pictures i have of me and firas until i started making him a happy birthday video face with tears of joy'
b'i did not tweet this weekend cuz i was too busy petting my cat and living life, nerds.'
b'i discovered the extent of my love for today when he yelled, " bullshit! " and justified it with free speech. my kinda guy.'
b"idk about other girls but if i get my hair done & i am not outside long enough that people see it ; i gotta penalize myself. that's a write up."
b'idk.. feeling unwanted is not a good feeling'
b'idk how to feel about these bandwagon stans like i am glad that j is adored by the gp again but im gonna need some of these hoes to fall back'
b"idk if i posted this before but here's a picture of me being a typical brooklyn nigga"
b'idk if i should sleep then wake up for phantasia or just stay awake'
b'idk know why but in a really happy mood today'
b'idk what i hate more : selena, selenators, jelenators or my math teacher'
b'idk why, but i love being up early on saturdays'
b"idk why but when a dude slams somebody that's attractive as fuck smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy"
b'idk why i am just now seeing this but i feel blessed thank you for being you ilysm'
b'idk why i found that so funny lol'
b"idk why it took me so long to realize that you ain't shit"
b'idk why i wait til the last minute to do my home work tired face'
b"idk why people are surprised freda did good in that battle. it's a known fact that women with strong noses are born winners."
b"idk why y'all be stressing over relationship & shit, y'all life's just beginning."
b'idk wtf is wrong w the sch or the people at sch like sup people i got swag but you aint nothing like me.'
b'idk wtf wrong with me'
b'idk wtf wrong with me this morning but this the 2nd person done scared me'
b'idky but you look cool'
b"face savouring delicious food \xf0\x9f\x98\x8b: idky but you're pretty and look cool"
b'idk y i am drinking lol ion got work in tha am smh'
b'idk y she even got her own bed, she always layed up with me!'
b"i'd like to stop sneezing & feeling like i am going to sneeze. this ish sucks. wish my mom were here to give me hugs n love."
b"i'd like to talk a moment about how utterly shit the connections are in black ops 3. good god are they bad and tenuous. so frustrating"
b"i'd love nothing more than to be sleeping in my own bed... 2 hours ago. i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f my bed older woman sleeping face"
b"i'd love to know where the bus is"
b"i'd much rather watch a kdrama with meaning than any dumb american reality tv show."
b'& i dnt giv a fuck abt ur view face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i dnt realy giv a fuck and my excuse is dat i am yung n fre'
b'i do all my work i just do not go to every class and pass every test'
b'i dodge certain bars because i just did laundry and i hate that my freshly washed clothes now smell like ass.'
b'i do! idk how i am going to survive not seeing ur face everyday \xf0\x9f\x98\x94\xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8fay \xf0\x9f\x98\x82, gay asf. i love you man smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'i do love a good ebay photo... may like it too'
b'i do my home work from the jump i just play stupid 99 % of the time'
b'i do my home work, i know enough iont gotta ask no questions!'
b'i done made it to 154.. i plays noo game lol'
b'i do not get those insta pages where you have to dm your pics for a s/o. i bet some 40 yr old creepy dude is behind the scenes loving that.'
b'i do not know what is worse, negative people spreading lies and heinous things or the stupid people that fail to'
b'i do not know why, but i can not stop listening to " dancing in my brain, " i can not stop dancing with this song. i love it'
b'i do not buy many songs but i am being serious new song is smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i do not call my best friends best friend for the title. these my mains. the one i call when shit goes down. spilling tea. support. love.'
b'i do not call myself " tri bi " that\'s the dumbest shit i\'ve ever heard. can we stop running that misquote please.'
b'i do not care about jessica & what she went through at all'
b'i do not care -'
b'i do not care because you do not care.'
b'i do not care. farewell! why do not you follow me? leave me alone. are you ok? good bye! \xe2\x80\x95\xe2\x80\x95\xe2\x80\x95\xe3\x80\x8ei am a pretty girl \xe3\x80\x8f'
b"i do not care how many years i've been on this earth, every single year i am shocked by how cold it gets in late november."
b"i do not care if it's 5 minutes or a whole night, i just want to see you."
b"i do not care if it's preseason the eagles are 4 -0"
b"i do not care if its rude to stare, you're cute, therefore i shall stare."
b'i do not care if people love my films or walk out as long as they have a strong response " - terry gilliam'
b'i do not care what you have to say, leave me be.'
b'i do not care who will survive in the battle of spicy because there my is available'
b"i do not even be doing nothing to these weird ass bitches lol y'all really intimidated by me face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'i do not even bother wearing a sweater whe. i leave the house cause it just gets hot down here'
b'i do not even drive my car anymore face with tears of joy better for my gas tank'
b"i do not even know why i come home.. it's boring af and i have no friends here lol"
b'i do not even remember watching this game tbh lol'
b'i do not even think i like drinking anymore lol.'
b'i do not even understand why i cringe at everything'
b'i do not even watch tv anymore because the local tv programs are just too dumb.'
b'i dont expect anyone to handle me, just be there when my world starts crumbling down. you dont have to say a word, your presence is enough.'
b'i do not fight for people if they choose to walk away for no good reason.'
b"i do not get how chicks think it's cute when their boyfriends straighten their hair and do dumb shit"
b'i do not get how i do not give a fuck but i care so much at the same time'
b'i dont get mad at unnecessary shit i get mad at facts and the truth'
b'i do not get out much. i had a boyfriend mia when i started work who dumped me after i got my job.'
b'i do not get the logic for exemption from unfair dismissal laws. if system needs reform, make the case. otherwise, unfair is unfair.'
b'i do not get these ppl these days its bandwagon on bandwagon saying you do not trust hoes but putting all your trust in em js weary face'
b'i do not give a fuck'
b"i do not give a fuck about a lot of things... but you... you're not one of them"
b'i do not give a fuck about you.'
b'i do not give a fuck... is usually my response to dumb niggas'
b'i do not give a fuck " *jacquees voice *'
b'i do not give a fuck that i am not in high school anymore i am going to the state game because once a wildcat always a wildcat'
b"i do not give a fuck what y 'all say i love the fact that harry is wearing a floral suit. stay negative, sweeties."
b'i do not give a shit, i do not give a fuck'
b'i do not give handshakes because i do not want to get caught'
b'i do not give no fuck'
b'i do not give of fuck if i kill myself'
b'i do not give you no good reason but baby do not give up on me.'
b"i do not go school every monday, i 've got my reasons to sleep. do not you tell me how i should be."
b'i do not got no manners for no sluts.'
b'i do not go to church enough i curse out loud, i drink too much i am more of a sinner than a saint'
b"i do not go to the doctor because i am scared they'll do an x -ray and find some weird organ full of all the chef boyardee i've ever eaten."
b'i do not half miss hoots and calderwood'
b'i do not have any room for negativity in my life. all that negative energy takes up space that i could be using for good stuff!'
b'i do not have school anymore but --hahahaha'
b"i do not have time for anything anymore. it's just sleep, school and work."
b"i do not have time to hate you. i do not care about anything. i am just gonna enjoy my life, that life which i've dreamed of every night. heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b'i dont have to say a word ~'
b"i do not know about any one else but i've had an amazing day"
b'i dont know how y\'all can deal with a " prissy " boyfriend like that\'s the biggest turn off ever. face with medical mask'
b'i do not know. i do not care. {pushing past sam and walking into bobbys, my mind thinking about } next time i see her. she +'
b"i do not know if i'll be able to monetize all my videos i'd be rolling in the morning"
b"i do not know if i've ever mentioned that i love school jersey but i love school jersey"
b'i do not know what i am more happy about the fact that jersey shore was cancelled or today is the last day of the rnc.'
b'i do not know what i like more, having a boyfriend or a fridge full of food. unamused face'
b"i do not know what my motivation is right now i guess it's to beat up nerds harder than before it's probably bad to have that motive"
b'i do not know what to do with my life besides get high and make music'
b'i do not know who just downloaded the heck out of past episode " 27 - delta farce (2007) " but we hope you enjoyed it.'
b'i do not know why i am on twitter when im angry because some of you hoes do three much bandwagon attention fighting hoes... yall aggy sometimes'
b'i do not know why i was hoping today would be good bc once i got out of bed it went to shit'
b'\xf0\x9f\x90\xa8- i do not know you shawty but you look cool smiling face with sunglasses why this emoji tho?'
b'i do not like any one of you... because i love you all lol thanks for an amazing trip!'
b'i do not like jennifer hudson. so what! yes i said it.. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'i do not like to do anything since my whole body is freaking painful'
b"i do not live in my fears, i just swallow my tears, it ain't all in my head, life is just a nightmare"
b'i do not live on campus and i am always packed'
b"i do not live with my fears, i just swallow my tears, it ain't all in my head, life is just a nightmare"
b'i do not mind spending everyday. but pay me back. ha at its best.'
b'i do not need a relaxer my hair aint stressed out'
b"i do not need this school stress right now... i am already stressed enough about making my fantasy football league's playoffs"
b'i do not need to be stressed in college'
b"i do not question lineups very often. but from what i've been told, scuderi was really sick on saturday. was perfect time for clendening."
b'i do not really know if i agree that there is " nothing to do in quincy. " trust me if you really want, you can have fun'
b'i do not really mind, lol! i love both kylie and rach smile and mike is the main reason why i am hooked on dome, so... yeah smile'
b"i do not see how people do not have jobs... like y'all do not feel like bums not knowing where you next check coming from?"
b'i do not see the point of holding grudges i just do not give a fuck & keep it moving'
b"i do not show my emotions anymore because i've been laughed at for having feelings"
b'i don \xc2\xb4t smoke free roll joints'
b'i do not stay mad very long, but i cut people out the second they show they are able and willing to hurt me.'
b'i do not think anyone will ever understand how much i hate my geometry teacher'
b'i do not think anything can be worse than a negative thinker.'
b'i do not think he thinks that far ahead... cuz i been thinking about forever'
b'i do not think i can express how much i hate my literature class'
b'i dont think i ever laughed this hard in my life'
b"i do not think i've ever laughed that hard face with tears of joy"
b'i do not think this generation will ever understand the language of love letters.'
b'i do not twerk, i do my home work'
b'i do not twerk twerk, i do my home work work'
b"i do not understand how a lot of y'all are experienced in sex... must be boring. i'll pray for you. maybe."
b'i do not understand how people copy tattoos from the internet or after someone else can not you think of something original'
b'i do not understand how people party every single night. however, i have never been to a party, at least not one of those parties. worry'
b'i do not understand niggas i swear'
b'i do not understand why cece throws shade then be like no one was talking about you pussy asf like ya bestfriend'
b'i do not understand why people think we do things for them, if i smoke weed why are you so bothered? ninesdina shame'
b'i dont usually crave for sweet drinks/ food, but my craving for wintermelon milk tea tonight is too stronkkkkkkk'
b"i do not wanna go to my conference with my teacher and there's like a mutual hate between us this is gonna be great"
b'i do not wanna rush. god has a perfect timing. i know it will be all worth it. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i do not want another pretty face, i do not want just anyone to hold, i do not want my love to go to waste, i want you and your beautiful soul'
b'i do not want any " bestfriends ", i am good on that. these women are crazy.'
b'i do not want kids, but then i see some cute kid doing some cute shit and ugh.'
b'i do not want to dream of you anymore. i want you for real.'
b'i do not want to get caught'
b'i don want nobody but youuu, kissin on my tattoos'
b'i do shit out of love not to throw it in somebody face. not everybody built likk that tho'
b'i doubt quite think tuesday can come any faster smirking face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i do what i want.'
b'i do what i want when i want!.. but i do it really sneaky so i do not get caught'
b'i downloaded a game from amazon underground and then they emailed me saying that i got credit for free mp3 downloads on their site for it?'
b"i downloaded a mp3 of asgore's theme with the special intro and everytime you hear it i am filled with determination!"
b'i downloaded mp3 06 -escape_the_fate -smooth. mp3 -'
b"i downloaded the hamilton mp3 immediately after leaving the b 'way show oct. 24! it's wonderful!"
b"i downloaded the undertale ost as mp3 then downloaded it as flac even though there's like a 5 % chance i'll hear any difference"
b"i'd probably do the same if i had that much money we all would"
b'id rather focus on the actuality and reality of my waking life than rely on the possibility of my nightmare'
b"i'd rather just draw but im not good and kimizuki's hair is like 1 inch long"
b'i\'d rather look back at my past and say, " i can not believe i did that! " instead of saying " i wish i did that. "'
b'i dreamed that my cat died and the first thing i did was looking for her kissing cat face with closed eyes'
b'i dream of a land of peace where everyone can live in harmony. "'
b'i dream of a land where everyone is at peace with eachother and whether it be peacefully or violently, i will achieve this.'
b'i dream of using the bathroom in peace.'
b'thanks! it was great, though i am kinda bummed to be home now. philly is just kinda " eh. "'
b'i dream the impossible dream and will reach that unreachable star - a world of peace. thank you everyone for'
b'i dreamt that was tattooing herself next to a bonfire with liquid courage from my dream brain has the best ideas?'
b'i drink too much coffee'
b'i drink too much coffee. and youtube emailed me! i feel special xd'
b'i drink too much to be a nun " - kash money\'s new mascot (aka toast )'
b"you wasn't even singing! you was yelling! weary face weary face"
b'i drove longer than i was in class. i hate college'
b'i drove my car for the first time'
b'id see how grown women are bestfriends with kids fam. imma need you to get yo life \xf0\x9f\x98\x95.'
b'id take a dancer boy over any athlete smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'robbed them of their career and their life. devastated lives and communities and industry and countries. are you kidding me?'
b'i enjoyed having all of the here at to show off the great things happening on our campus.'
b"i enjoy watching the nfl, a lot. i do not want any more thursday night football. it's a terrible, terrible product."
b'i entered the for a chance to win awesome prizes!'
b'i envy people like not because of his success but because of his family and foundation of love surrounding him.'
b'i especially hate how the smell sticks to freshly washed hair'
b'i expect a daily report of what happened at school when you get home.. (i am your dad, do not forget )'
b'they were up by almost 30? lol you have never seen this happen?'
b'if a baby girl gets aborted, do and celebrate " women\'s rights " as a result?'
b"if abortion is for women's rights, then what were mine?"
b'if a girl ever says " wow " in an argument she\'s secretly wondering how she could be dating such an idiot'
b'if a gril cry to sleep thinking about shit you did, you fucked up bruh!'
b'i failed my physics quiz today lol'
b"i failed my physics test, i'll just rob a bank."
b'i failed my physics test im laughing'
b'i fall in love much too easily'
b'i fall in love very easy... but i love being loved'
b'if a man can not keep his weave under control, how will he keep our country under control " -'
b'if a mf do not care if you eat the whole day they could careless about you period.. you can die from starvation right?'
b'if anybody at all wants to go to see knuckle puck tonight. i will drive and pay for gas if you buy your own ticket ($18)'
b'if any lovely people out there want to help this come true'
b'if any of you idiot sluts can tell i am clearly dressed as calamity jane rn'
b'if anyone does not know what to get me for christmas, buy me concert tickets. (& gas cards so i can drive there ) thanks.'
b"if anyone has any local connections to the american diabetes association, i'd love to talk... thanks!"
b"if anyone is wondering, i just confirmed what we've thought for a long is stupid."
b'if anyone knows someone that needs food for thanksgiving inbox me so i can take it today... being a blessing to others'
b"if anyone's feeling a lot of anger and would like to release any sort of frustration please direct it this way smh"
b'i favorited a video hollywood undead - christmas in hollywood (w/ lyrics )'
b'if bo spent half as much time finding adjustments as he does yelling at officials this team might have a chance'
b'if carrie bradshaw married aiden shaw the only thing she\'d be losing is " brad "'
b'if chelsea had lost, mou would have blamed it on arsenal or smthn.. at least wenger knows we were shitty expressionless face'
b'i fcked my hamstring up my last day at work racing.'
b'i feel amazing right now'
b"i feel dumb for not making the sopranos connection but that's what we have tv critics for."
b'i feel good tonight but tomorrow i have to study for 4 tests, finish 2 art pieces, and complete 4 pages of homework. the life.'
b'i feel guilty being attracted to the idea of the treadmill when god clearly created mountains and trails for us to run on.'
b"i feel iike that was a really sarcastic lol and zayn's about to go off"
b'i feel like actually shit. i fought so hard, and i still lost. im so heartbroken.'
b'i feel like being really sarcastic today'
b'i feel like crap. i just love being sick.'
b'i feel like going to publix and splurging on fruits n yummy shit'
b'i feel like if i could do cool hair styling stuff i would just use the skill to make my pubes look awesome'
b'i feel like i have my life together when i actually do my home work at home and not at lunch or break'
b'i feel like i have not mentioned my birthday much?'
b'i feel like i am always the one putting effort into everything i do and all people do is take my actions for granted like fuck that shit'
b'i feel like i am always the only one awake on long bus rides'
b'i feel like i am the only one super excited for christmas this year christmas tree'
b"i feel like it's my duty to give some mockingjay : part 2 movie review. all in all the movie was great though some might say it was rather"
b"i feel like it's the nastiest shit ever to have your dog lick you on the face... especially the mouth. like, yuck! face with medical mask"
b'i feel like jungkook would be really intimidated by all of twice and would not be too condifent to approach/interact with them face with tears of joy'
b"i feel like justin bieber and selena gomez's new albums are honestly just love letters to each other that the whole world gets to hear"
b'i feel like the charge cord being at the bottom of a phone is a design flaw. my kids want to rest the phone on the table as they play'
b'i feel like the same lovable person i always was. except now i am by myself, doing it all myself.'
b"i feel not really okay today, let's have fun when my kokoro feel better. see you later lovelies"
b'i feel really intimidated by the connections people have already made'
b'i feel really sick and i have a 2 hour car journey ahead of me?'
b'i feel really sick i need someone to take care of me aka my nanna ha sad'
b'i feel so alive right now... sorry to those with hangovers'
b"i feel so happy and safe and loved and loving it's too much i can not handle it"
b'i feel so loved -. -'
b'i feel so much better and my voice is semi-normal.'
b'i feel super happy today & if someone ruins my mood, today will be the last time they see the light of day'
b'i feel that the chicago bulls will end the warriors 13 -0 winning streak smiling face with horns'
b"i feel very hurt that i wasn't invited today"
b'i feel worse than shit'
b'i felt my blood being exchanged for vodka and was glad'
b'if everybody could also vote for my good friend for educator of the year that would be amazing! xx'
b"if everyone started off the day singing, just think how happy they'd be."
b'if everything seems under control, you\'re just not going fast enough. " - andrxtti'
b"omg you sound so serious lol it's kinda scaring me."
b"if gabe kapler is named the dodgers ' new manager, the bandwagon is gonna tip over with thirsty ass hoes."
b"if guys wanna leave early let them go. if they do not then that's awesome. not a subject to get mad about. kids make bad decisions."
b'if he come to ur cheer competition uk he a keeper \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'if he does not sort it out soon then he has to go.. moyes rodgers both available someone who plays free flowing football'
b'if he tries to catapult you off the air mattress i am finding a new family bc obviously ours is full of children'
b'if high school didnt teach you not to give a shit about what people think then you probably missed out on the biggest lesson of your life'
b'if i actually " spoke my mind, " i\'d be in deep shit.'
b"if i already know the truth then why tf you lien about simple shit bitch we ain't together"
b'if i can go four hours without smacking the shit out of you, you can go four hours without a cigarette break.'
b'if i did not have a phone, i would get so much work done, i get distracted way too easily'
b"if i did not have twitter i would explode on someone. possibly literally. it's a need to release anonymous frustration about people & things."
b'if i died toda\xd2\xaf would \xd2\xafou be satisfied with the last conversation we had...? let that sink in.'
b'if i die young, bury me in satin, lay me down on a bed of roses, sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song'
b'if i do not fuck w/ you i will not pretend like everything all good put litter in its place symbol'
b"if i do not get adele's new cd for my birthday or christmas i will be devastated."
b"if i do not like you then i'll tell you do not assume because half the time i could careless about you."
b'if i do not stop eating these little doughnuts, i am not going to be hungry at lunch time. \xf0\x9f\x90\xb7\xf0\x9f\x90\xb7\xf0\x9f\x90\xb7\xf0\x9f\x90\xb7'
b'if i even have one... hahahaha fuck you all i am immortal'
b'if i gave a shit, it would be on your face.'
b'if i get shushed one more damn time in this class imma flip shit'
b"if ignorance is bliss why aren't more people happy?"
b'i figure just wish everybody the best and hope the energy comes back. if not shit do not stop anyway.'
b'if i had a dollar for every assignment ive failed in physics'
b'if i had that tell me how much they appreciate me daily will be such a blessing in my life rn.'
b'if i hang out w/ my friend and she has no money on her but i do we both still gone eat and i am not gonna hit you with that pay me back shit face with rolling eyes'
b'if i just tweeted about space elevators and satellites from now on, i would not have to change my twitter account.'
b'if i knew we were going to end like this i would not of told you my secrets,'
b'if i know more than you, then your in big trouble.'
b'if i made a game with a person who fights with candy, with the word candy in it. i am infringing on your copyrights?'
b'if i make it through this class and packing so i can study for my exam tomorrow morning that would be great'
b'if i am really sarcastic with you i either really like you or am really annoyed with your crap. have fun figuring out which'
b'i finally took a breath after holding it for the last 4 hours. good game dawgs! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling relieved'
b'i find it amusing that the mountain dew seemingly was making my heart slowly failing, its an interesting feeling to say the least.'
b'i find it difficult to appreciate the attention from random pitball lookalikes with slightly rapey tendencies'
b'i find it funny the only time you talk to me is when you need something'
b'i find it hilarious how the chents making out in the hallways be lookin like brother and sister'
b'i find myself laying in the dark in silence way too often'
b'correction we are the shit*! relieved face'
b'i finish 1 part of my english homework'
b'i finished my math homework good'
b'if i said i missed you that would be an understatement.'
b'if i say " ok " during an argument, that means " shut the fuck up ", not " keep explaining your point ".'
b'if i say the word " shit " on fb my mom deletes me. my sister could post " fuck bitches get money " and my mom would find it hilarious. cool'
b'if i sing around you i am 150 % comfortable with you because i can not sing for shit.'
b"if i smoked, this would be a perfect time for a cigarette break. alas, i do not smoke. so i'll eat junk food."
b'if i stay up studying all night tonight, tomorrow and sunday, i might pass my portuguese test'
b'if it aint 1 thing its another'
b"if it does not make money, it's a hobby"
b"& if it goes down.. nobody can not tell me nothing about her, that's my heart! happy birthday bestfriend, i love you face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face with cold sweat"
b'if it is not party you want then fair enough you have to leave, like many did over blair. no shame, better than bitching'
b'if it is not right do not do it, if it is not true do not say it.'
b'if its not concise i get distracted too easily'
b"if it's not one thing, it surely is another.. sad"
b"if it's really hard for you to not be an asshole, do not reply to anything they post ever."
b'if it still hurt, you still care'
b'if it\'s true then yay, but hollywoodlife always bullshits. i wonder who their so-called " source " actually is'
b'if i was a shitty fan i would not care that we lost to northern iowa. i am actually curious smile'
b"if i were an extra in a movie i'd be 'guy on cigarette break '"
b"if i yelled at you today i deeply apologize, hella stressed and i do not need people's side comments or not cooperating"
b'if justin bieber can remain relevant, you guys can pass this test'
b'if kids drown at sea, that will be on your conscience.'
b"then i am immortal. cause i've killed myself hundreds of times."
b'if my baba would do this but be really sarcastic about it and end every sentence with " ya kelb ya ibn i\'ll kalb "'
b'if my boyfriend doesnt want me doing something, i wouldnt \xe2\x9c\x8ahe doesnt " control me " but i respect him & what he wants \xf0\x9f\x85\xbf\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"if my cat fucked up my christmas i'd have him put down."
b'if my dad had just let me be an athlete.. life would be soo much easier.'
b"if my internet wont suck ass this weekend i'll upload a video"
b'if my mom wasnt my mom i think i would snuff the shit outta her. -____ -'
b"if my next girl could braid my hair. that'd be tight."
b'if new york and california were way closer to each other the world would be a better place'
b'if night time thoughts are keeping you awake, write them all down. this clears your head and makes it easier to sleep.'
b"if nobody told you this today you're beautiful and deserve the world, goodnight everyone."
b'if only everyone was straight up about everything.'
b'if only females could put their phone away long enough for it to charge'
b"if only i had voice, damn i swear i'd be hitting on more women than trey got.. uuh yeah"
b'if only i liked singing karaoke they have remember and beautiful liar'
b'if only my teacher knew how much i hate this song lmfao'
b'if only these nonprofits had hands. they could give the finger to gov. abbot.'
b'i forgot how hilarious my sister is'
b'i forgot how interesting and amusing twitter was'
b'i forgot how much i love my bed smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i forgot the in one of my last tweets.'
b'i forgot theres a curse. i thought my tv was being dumb lmao'
b'i forgot to charge me phone last night \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x94\x8b'
b'i forgot to do my home work face with cold sweat'
b'i found a way to transfer downloaded mp3 files to my iphone w/o itunes! didnt think it was possible w/o jailbreaking person bowing deeply'
b'i found bliss in ignorance'
b"i found out who my true friends are and who aren't my true friends yesterday"
b'i found this great edm track on youtube'
b'if part of the formula for is then you are on the right track, in'
b'if people knew enough about your book, they\'d buy it. they just do not know about it. " -'
b'iframes are the way forward'
b'i freaking hate my math class angry face'
b"i freaking loved all state but there's nothing like going home to a hot shower and slipping under the covers"
b'i freaking love face with tears of joy good interview my friend, australia will be fun.'
b'i freaking spent half my sunday in bed, but its okay i love sleep. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'if servers are working by the time i get home.. it will be a smiling face with heart shaped eyes will tweet when live! \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f fish cake with swirl design'
b'if she not crazy she not right'
b"if she's not there when you go to bed, then use your every waking second to write her a love letter to bring her back beside you."
b"if someone seems erratic to you today, remember that you're th... more for libra"
b"if tanji do not come for thanksgiving i swear i'll spazz."
b'if the conversation is gonna be dry, then i do not need no further explanation of what kind of person you are.'
b'if the grass on the other side of the fence appears greener... it must be all the fertiliser they are using!'
b"if the keeping up with the kardashians premier thinks it's going to interrupt my walking dead schedule tonight they're so wrong omg"
b'if the knicks houston game is this good next sunday then i am in for a treat'
b'if the next performance does not throw me outta my seat. i am going to do my home work.'
b'if the parliament and committee meeting was successful it help the official meeting in choosing the members of the three legitimate parties'
b"if there's one thing i could not handle in the jungle it's those fuck off massive spiders"
b"if there's one thing i hate, it's children yelling and screaming. this time it's outside my apartment"
b"if there's something an artist does not do is hate his fans do not worry"
b"if there's something i hate in this life, it has to be people who even having a thought of someone else while they are in a relationship."
b'if there was no more chocolate at all all men would be like oh, shit run and hide the women are on a freaking demonic rampage!'
b"if the shit ain't real i do not want it"
b'if the sweet old man dies i swear'
b'if the is really smart they would put in cause that is awesome!'
b'if they could finger a girl as fast as they could type their wives would be much happier'
b"if they do not fight for you, they're not right for you. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'if they ever take clueless off netflix i will be devastated.'
b"if they followed the word of mohammed your whorish ass would be put to death. sharia law isn't for women's rights."
b"if they're not happy for your happiness and sad for your sadness, they're not true friends!"
b'if this does not put you in an even more happy mood on a friday idk what will'
b'if this past week has taught me anything..'
b'if trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? we might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.'
b'if twitter is a place to post what you want not be sick it hurts so much i hate this i jhate this fuckign video'
b'if you are constantly explaining ur weak jokes by saying ur sense of humor is really " sarcastic ", there\'s a 99 % chance ur just not funny'
b'if you buy a tesla for how much does your electricity bill increase? or'
b'if you call urself a sports fan and do not have twitter, shame on you'
b'if you cant see yo feet how you gone hurt me'
b'i fucked up i fucked up so bad and i am going to hell'
b'i fucking hate being sick'
b"i fucking hate my reading teacher literally he's an idiot man"
b'i fucking hate the weeaboos in my computing class'
b'i fucking hate this class'
b'i fucking hate this, im so sick of living'
b'i fucking love pretty little liars'
b'i fucking love pretty little liars now and i am really into it and i am glad i can watch that whilst waiting for orange is the new black lol'
b'i fucking swear nike sells shit for only a week cus i could never find anything'
b"if you fancy a bit of friday night fun use to suggest us a word to get into tonight's show. d"
b"if you google it the conversation kept going that's only half of it lmao. makes me laugh everytime i read it"
b"i fukin hate kenner son. i made a payment tf i needa see a judge for? fuk it i'll juss go home skoop da loot n pay ya off kompletely"
b'if you plagiarize you will get caught, and you do not want it to be by me'
b'if ur having a bad day just remember that ur a better rapper than tyga'
b'if you see a guy with long hair hes either gorgeous or fucking weird and the answer lays in what type of shoe hes wearing'
b'if you think fertilized eggs are people but refugee kids aren\'t... "'
b'if vandy wins tonight that just validates how loaded the sec is top to bottom'
b'if we are in a relationship i do not care how many bitches flirt with you... but its what you say back that really matters.'
b"if we'd confess our sins to one another we'd all laugh at the lack of originality."
b'if weed is all that on ya mind ya prioritizes not right.'
b'if we give our best in something we love, we\'ll enjoy the victories from the bottom of our hearts. " \xe2\x80\x93 kuroko tetsuya'
b'if we learn to be aware of feelings w/o grasping or aversion, we can feel them and move on.'
b"if we loved again i swear i'd love you right"
b'if we want to see significant results towards defeating aging in 15 years, as a species we need to be investing more in scientific research.'
b"if women's rights were taken away, would isis still hate us?"
b"if y'all been chillin for years & have never made it official & he/she says it's because they're not ready, it ain't happening boo"
b"if y'all have not already, go listen to hold on! great track!"
b'if ya man do not text you throughout the day, making sure your ok and your day is going good then he do not give a fuck about you.. period'
b'if yo neck hurt that bad you do not need to be going no where'
b'if you agree with that should protect this nation and not insult millions of americans'
b"if you ain't built for this shit, then go get cha weight up nigga."
b'if you appreciate my nerdy tendencies'
b"if you aren't old enough to vote i do not care to hear your scintillating political opinion."
b'if you are proud of these boys black heart suit rt if you love them black heart suit answer below with \xe2\x86\x93 thank you black heart suit one direction black heart suit'
b'if you can love the wrong one, imagine what could happen if you loved the right one'
b"if you can roast each other and can have mushy moments together, y'all good."
b'if you cheat on me, fuck you. fuck your sorry. fuck what we had. fuck your mind. fuck your guilt. just die hoe.'
b'if you could say one thing to your fans, what would you say? \xe2\x80\x94 thank you for saving my life.'
b'if you do anything this weekend listen to new album 25, amazing!'
b'if you do not benefit my life in any kind of way then i could careless about you'
b"if you do not have baby hair, stop trying to make that shit happen. loudly crying face it's not cute and you look dumb."
b'if you do not care about what people think, you already passed the first step of success.'
b"if you do not do stupid shit while you're young, you'll have nothing to smile about when you're old."
b"if you do not ever pray in your life.. you'll have a relationship with god when you get outta car"
b'if you do not great super excited when the undertaker is in the ring you do not understand the meaning of a wwe fan.'
b'if you do not have anything nice to say, come sit by me, and we can make fun of people together.'
b'if you do not have anything nice to say, tweet that shit.'
b'if you dont like me please dont pretend to like me ever'
b'if you do not look at your grades, you do not have anything to worry about'
b'if you do not love & adore my crazy, chaotic, but so incredible family as much as i do, i can not be with you.'
b'if you do not receive a reply from me, please tell me on twitter. (16:10)'
b'if you dont retweet this you dont have a heart'
b'if you drive a scooter please proceed to drive that scooter into oncoming traffic and die. thanks.'
b'if you ever feel bad about yourself remember that lady gaga and nicki minaj posted these selfies intentionally'
b"if you ever insult me i'll turn it around into a joke you can never hurt my feelings lmao"
b'if you feel the need to snapchat every minute of your " super fun " night, i feel sorry for you'
b"if you get caught cheating why tf want to hurt that person more because you want them back? you've freaking done enough leave them alone"
b'if you gone be back for thanksgiving, i can give you a nice l then'
b"if you got butt hurt about that tweet, tweet me and i'll explain it more"
b'if you had a restaurant, i would not eat at it!'
b'if you have a dick i am probably really intimidated by you'
b'if you have a problem with me... tell me. not everyone else.'
b"if you have everything under control, you're not moving fast enough. -mario andretti (race car driver )"
b'if you have never seen private practice, you aren \xc2\xb4t allowed to hate on amelia. just watch before judge.'
b"if you have not listened to erroll garner's complete concert by the sea yet, you should interrupt your schedule now and do so."
b'if you have tattoos i am automatically attracted to you.'
b'if you have to worry about your bf hitting up other girls when you get into arguments, he do not love you.'
b"if you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears."
b"if you intentionally set your neighbor's house on fire & refuse to let him stay with you as he rebuilds, you're an asshole."
b"if you join in this open badges broadcast you will get to see my injured phone finger. it's quite an impressive bandage"
b'if you keep dwelling about negative issues you will feel worse & worse as the negative self-talks will weaken you from inside'
b'if you know teach, if you do not know learn'
b"if you like a mix of eastern and western art, do not miss today's holiday online auction!"
b"if you like secret love song listen to the original here i beg : if you hear any sobs it's probably me, i was g o n e"
b'if you look everybody here is trying on new faces. and the ones that fit are surprisingly contagious.'
b'if you love real authentic reggae music please join me on bbc at 19. 00gmt anywhere in the world using the'
b'if your bestfriend does not make you laugh out loud through text is that really your bestfriend?'
b"if you're a grown ass man, rolling around the streets of nyc on a razor scooter, you should roll yourself into oncoming traffic"
b"if you really love yourself, you'll take your makeup off before you go to bed"
b"if you're coming down for tea tonight do not forget dessert face savouring delicious food"
b"if you're driving tonight, stay safe!"
b"if you're going for a nyc trip this holiday season, this should help you!"
b"if you're going to be successful you're gonna have to be okay with losing sleep"
b"if you're going to dm me, please be descriptive and literate, otherwise i will not reply."
b"if you're gonna go for a hijabi make sure she got another hijab underneath that hijab so you know its real"
b"if you're having a bad day at any point today, just think of emre can's backheel and all will be well."
b"if you're having a bad day here is a picture of a baby in a penguin suit"
b"if you're having a bad day, here's a gif of me being adorable."
b"if you're having a bad day here's baby pandas going down slides panda face"
b"if you're having a bad day, just know that this poor guy got hit by a tire"
b"if you're having a bad day just look at these sea lions"
b"if you're having a bad day, just remember that it will get worse and you're ugly"
b"if you're having a bad day, open this. one direction"
b"if you're having a bad day, remember idi amin made white journalists kneel to him & raise hands if they had questions"
b"if you're having a bad day, remember, there are people out there who have their ex's name tattooed on themselves."
b"if you're having a bad day so far, watch this."
b"if you're having a bad day, think about my snapchat"
b"if you're having a bad day, this will make you smile face with tears of joy"
b"if you're having a bad day, watch this"
b'if youre having a bad day watch this video of monkeys racing face with tears of joy'
b"if you're having a bad day, you're welcome"
b'if you remember watching first career cup start in 1992'
b'\xc2\x93if you \xc2\x92re never scared or embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take any chances. \xc2\x94 ~ anonymous'
b"if you're not plannin ' to reply me, and just leave me with those em ' blue ticks. please tell me in the first place ok s"
b'if youre not playing bo3 double xp weekend then sucks to suck.'
b"if you're rolling your eyes at ted cruz this morning, please remember --he's made a career out of ppl like you rolling your eyes at him"
b"if you're sad then you can guarantee i am going to follow you to the bathroom, hug u, ask what's wrong, make you laugh, and then throw water u."
b'if you\'re scared, just be scarier than whatever is scaring you! " -thumper (bambi )'
b"if you're stressed over a boy, do not be because you're a strong independent hoe and you do not need him (;"
b"if you're talking shit straight to my face and i laugh like literally laugh til i cry i am sorry but you're face with tears of joy"
b"if you're unpleasant to someone, (especially for no good reason ), you got no room to complain if they return it right back to you."
b"if you're wondering if the parody in our vine can be downloaded"
b"if your girl bad af she's gonna get hit on at least twice a day no bitch gone curve 730 niggas a year"
b'if your having a bad day, watch my mum x'
b"if your main focus in high school isn't your career path then you need to get your priorities straight"
b'if your not at ohio state this weekend then you just suck'
b'if you saw me being an amazing player this weekend, that was my husband borrowing my beta access. i still pretty much suck.'
b"if you spend time at the smithy, you'll eventually need a set of flat bar tongs. these look nice :"
b'if you take a long time to text me back i am not guna fwy idc how cute you are, ion play that lightskin shit'
b'if you think white people do not have culture, go to a catholic grade school basketball game'
b"if you told ion think i can ever forgive you for that and that's rs!"
b"if you tweet something really sarcastic there's an 86 % chance i'll favorite it"
b'if you want casual sex. join to'
b'if you want to be in the top 5 % of people who are successful repeatedly then check out my new release fast.'
b'if you want to be two faced that\'s fine, it\'s good politics, just do not get caught "'
b'if you want to get caught up on the awesome sl going on in marvel rp right now, pick an issue and read!'
b'if you want to have and affair and not get caught! do not go to the most popular teenage makeup spot!'
b'if you want to help me reach my goal of feel free i really appreciate it.'
b'if you want to understand how economists think - and why that matters - has written a lovely guide.'
b"if you would like to donate please message me. i'll give you the school info. but please donate people. some of these kids do not have coats."
b'if zayn was a real person i would be really intimidated by him'
b'if \xd2\xafou are having a bad day'
b'i gave up my dream to be an athlete then i changed my mind to be a dancer and looooooolllllll i failed again so bye i have no dream now'
b'i get a nice pitter patter feeling whenever gold novas exclaim they can not carry me then eat their words when i do just as good as them.'
b'i get distracted far to easily'
b'i get distracted from doing work tooo easily'
b"i get distracted so easily by any & everything unamused face that's what i hateeee the most"
b'i get distracted so easily ffs smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i get distracted so easily i am never going to finish this essay'
b'i get distracted so easily when doing homework/ studying'
b'i get distracted so easily when im trying to do some work'
b'i get distracted so easily when im working, the wall seems so interesting all of a sudden'
b"i get distracted very easily and i think it's a beautiful blessing"
b'i get distracted way to easily'
b"i get distracted way to easily. i've seriously been cleaning my room for like two days"
b'i get distracted way to easily lol'
b"i get jealous when i see a gorgeous girl with an ugly boyfriend. like i am ugly too, where's my gorgeous girl at? flushed face"
b'i get my best ideas at like 2 am lol.'
b'i get my money and get out the way'
b'i get off work to see carolina shitty asses lost to northern iowa face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i get paid to make a few lattes and then do my home work in the cafe for a few hours life is pretty sweet'
b"i get really sarcastic and philosophical when doing readings that aren't 100 % intersectional feminism the whole time"
b'i get so stressed out over my friends relationships im always in the middle -. -'
b'i get that the dog is there for a subtle parallel but i love it so much. like look at it surrounded by all those bodies what a baller.'
b'i get to see my cat today!'
b'i get to spend my last day at work with eli, beto & vanessa loudly crying face'
b'if you really want yo quit use this program it help me i have been smoke free for 5 months now.'
b'i get warm fuzzies from 0 -days i can not patch because of apps that need old versions of java. thanks sunguard and adp!'
b'i get weirdly excited whenever i see a fridge full of water bottles splashing sweat symbol'
b'i give up helping/being nice to some because they assume i am doing it with bad intentions unamused face so drama.'
b'ignorance is a bliss'
b'ignorance is bliss and i need that shit'
b'ignorance is bliss. knowing is depressing. wisdom is peace.'
b'ignorance is bliss. you should know this by now.'
b'ignorance is contagious'
b"ignorance may be bliss, but knowing that you're smarter than somebody feels pretty good, too."
b'ignorance really is bliss'
b'ignorance really is bliss. you ever look at retarded people? they do not know shit and they happy 24/7'
b"ignoring someone is the best way to get under someone's skin, gonna start doing it. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i got 3 exams and 1 assignment due in like 10 days still havent started revision or my assignment'
b'i got 4 out of 5! test your financial literacy :'
b'face with stuck out tongue and winking eye i got 6much homework to do probably not gonna do it'
b'i got an email from my credit card saying they increased my credit limit. i swear i am being tested right now! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i got jb! black heart suit on " who is your got7 boyfriend? "'
b'i got jumped last night, now i am being evicted & the police arrested me. good job glendale pd. i am fighting this'
b'i got my cat outside because everyone walks around with their heads up their asses. " cat face'
b'i got my head wrap swag right on saturday cos it was man with turban'
b'i got my stepdad the wrong thing from chipotle cause i do not know what carne asada is...'
b"i go to a bar to get a drink and it's filled with middle aged people yelling. welp"
b'i got popular my sophomore year because i said bitches sluts and whores a lot at a popular party and became known as the chill funny girl'
b'i got really bored so i put disney tattoos on \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x91\x91'
b'i got so much shit to say, but i can not help feeling like i am camouflage.'
b"i gotta braid this lil boy hair. but i know he ain't gonna let me crying face"
b'i gotta go yo. i gotta get away and release this frustration'
b'i gotta stop crushing on chicks with dreds... especially freshly washed dreds. they always smell so great.'
b'i gotta take a shower so ill be a little behind when im watching the so im not gonna tweet till im caught up'
b"i got the shocker of my life when i failed a couse in my 1st year, i decided to change to law but it did'nt work out"
b"i got this i've been up way longer with no sleep"
b'i got tix for justin good im happy follow me there i follow back ciao smile'
b'i got to meet this guy today at the table at had some really nice geek tattoos! smile'
b'i got to scream this while crowd surfing and singing w mat kerekes and it was such a beautiful moment'
b'i got to work and my manager was like wyd you dont work... amazing. what a day.'
b'i got " women\'s rights expert! " on " how much do you know about violence against women? " on qzzr. what about you?'
b'i got years to wait around for you cheers darlin'
b'i guess all relationships have their ups and downs right?'
b'i guess back to reality, last night was great though \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i guess i'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all"
b'i guess i have to get caught up i jst want everyone to be happy cant he have a redemption arc. a really really long one'
b'i guess im in my feelings right now. smirking face'
b'i guess i am stuck babysitting weary face'
b'i guess i need to watch everything i say to mfs cause they tell in a heart beat.'
b"i guess it is not right to blame the hardworking cameramen 'bout short exposures of kath on asap."
b"i guess it's not right to be a genuinely good person anymore. smirking face"
b'i guess its ok to act like that'
b"i guess it wasn't too late for justin to say sorry and selena wasn't really sick of that same old love"
b'i guess jihad and isis did this right?'
b"i guess like the half eyebrow thing is your look and that's cool i guess"
b'i guess my sis is right. my love story is almost perfectly describe by'
b'i guess no one really understands when i say i do not give a fuck i really do not give a fuck'
b'i guess people who talk too much never get time to think anything right.'
b'i guess she was right'
b'i guess the buckeye bball team is looking forward to the football game tomorrow?'
b"i guess the people of new jersey hate nice people... or maybe it's just a southern thing to be nice to people. sick and tired of this shit!"
b'i guess things happen for a reason right.. unamused face'
b'i guess this is happening friday'
b'guess you can say, we all meet our match throughout life in relationship wise but i can truly say i have not met my standards yet!'
b'i guess you can not end an album any worse than by discovering an amazing new song'
b'i haaaaate hate hate hate when students disrespect a nice and or old teacher... why do you have to do that'
b'i had a civilized conversation with a duck yesterday at disneyland.'
b'i had a dream that my cat had kittens and you went to touch them and they were gone spooky'
b'i had a great day.'
b'i had a great time tonight happy birthday and your parents are goals face with tears of joy'
b'i had a great time when i was trick or treating'
b'i had a great time with my parents. i love them'
b'i had a heart to heart talk with my mom this morning and we talked about how much i love soonyoung hehe'
b'i had all weekend to read the shit my quiz is over in the morning. instead i am getting up 30 minutes earlier than usual to do it. i suck.'
b'i had always wondered what happened to him, you did not see him much after american beauty smile i love elizabeth taylor too lol'
b"i had a nightmare last night that the jb concert sold out in 31 seconds & i did not get tickets... oh wait that's real life :)))))"
b'i had a super fun day/night! 3'
b'i had a wonderful time judging for the kids and sponsors are a class act. already looking forward to next year.'
b'i had cookies for breakfast. i love being an adult. happy monday!'
b'i had fun last night'
b'i had fun last night with my big headed co workers smirking face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i had mad fun last night'
b'i had not planned on going out for black friday shopping. after looking at the ads that came in the mail today, my decision is confirmed. :-p'
b', i had people say that they cared about me and loved me to only hurt me the most and leave me when times i needed them'
b'i had so much fun last night.'
b"i had so much fun last night, i wasn't moody or nothing"
b"i had so much fun out with my boo's last night face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss"
b"i had so much fun with last night. he's my absolute everything and i love him so much smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i had this for tea tonight - was amazingly gorgeous, best meal i had since not eating meat'
b'i had to call my friend to apologize he said babygirl you did not even do nuthin besides have a good time'
b"i had to chuckle at quinn drinking straight from the mini liquor bottles from the mini bar. that's serious business! lol"
b"i had to go hang the washing outside and bro it's so hot i had to put sunscreen on ffs"
b'i it was difficult enough the 1st time around, now i am supposed to tell my kid how to do it?'
b'i hate all the blonde people in my comm. tech class'
b'i hate all those girls who think being stupid is cute.'
b'i hate all you barron parents that complained.'
b'i hate athena. i hate degree works. and most importantly, i hate class registration.'
b'i hate being and class and feeling my anxiety hit when i realize all the assignments i have to do over break'
b'i hate being compared to someone else'
b'i hate being in a shitty mood like why cant i just be happy expressionless face unamused face'
b'i hate being judged by people who have never even said one word to me.'
b"i hate being one of those people that wants everyone to get along because i always look incredibly stupid, & it's never gonna happen."
b'i hate being sick'
b'i hate being sick af bc i literally do nothing all day. and i had a lot to do today pensive face'
b'i hate being sick all i want is soup and a slurpee'
b'i hate being sick and i hate doctors pensive face'
b'i hate being sick because it makes my septum icky.'
b'i hate being sick because it puts me in a bad mood'
b'i hate being sick but i love an excuse to be with my birdies all day'
b'i hate being sick. especially when i am poor and need to work. growing up sucks. loudly crying face'
b'i hate being sick fr'
b'i hate being sick loudly crying face loudly crying face had to miss today'
b'i hate being sick i be looking high asf man face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i hate being sick! i do not get sick, but when i do it's the worst! face with head bandage"
b'i hate being sick. i dont like kool fever tired face'
b'i hate being sick i wanted to see atl tonight weary face'
b'i hate being sick like hate it hate it. especially bc of the fact that i have no time to take care of myself. i have to keep it moving 24/7'
b'i hate being sick 5 seconds of summer'
b'i hate being sick omg face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i hate being sick, this i stupid.'
b'i hate being tickled. i do not think it is cute, i do not find it funny, and i will kick you in the fucking face.'
b'i hate being up early, but i do love watching the sun creep up over the horizon. i just wish it did so about 1030 so i could still sleep in.'
b'i hate blaming myself for shit i shouldnt be blaming myself for'
b'i hate brushing my teeth at night because that signifies that you cant have anymore food and im just never ready for that kind of commitment'
b'i hate buying feminine products! how am i supposed to know if this is the right kind of broom or not?'
b"i hate cleaning but i love tired face so i'll sacrifice my happiness so you will not judge my dirty house"
b"i hate cleaning my room because i always find things that i shouldn't have in my room.. smh."
b'i hate coming to school sick'
b'i hate cramps. i hate headaches. i hate being tired. i hate being on my period! \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'i hate days when i have to go places and do stuff.'
b'i hate drinking henny out a cup confounded face i rather drink it out the bottle lol'
b'i hateeeeeee long bus rides expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b'i hate english. this class actually sucks'
b'i hate everyone in my science class'
b'i hate everyone in this class with a passion'
b'i hate fake ppl rather show me that you hate me than pretend you like me'
b'i hate feeling like i annoy the people who mean the most to me'
b'i hate feeling like i am not good enough when i know i am'
b'i hate feeling like the only one who keeps a conversation going \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x91\xbf'
b'i hate feeling sick pensive face'
b"i hate getting gas here. it's cheap but always packed with morons who can not drive and have no courtesy."
b'i hate getting in my moods, then i have anger towards every one \xf0\x9f\x98\x91.'
b'i hate getting into arguments with friends bc i love them so much'
b'i hate getting sick disappointed face'
b'i hate getting sick i hate medicine unamused face unamused face'
b'i hate getting up so early but i love being done by 2'
b'i hate going to sleep. but when i do... i never want to wake up.'
b'i hate gossiping bitches! i could careless about you wanting a kid by a bitch boy! cactus'
b'i hate guys who are like " your dating my ex? hope you like leftovers " like wtf, have not you had cold pizza the next day? it\'s the best'
b'i hate guys who take a long time to text back!'
b'i hate half the kids in my music theatre class'
b'i hate hate hate being sick sleepy face'
b'i hate having a friday class'
b'i hate having lots of exciting things to get done at work and then getting sick, thanks for the let down, mother nature'
b'i hate having this boring 2hour computer class block'
b"i hate hearing the disappointment in my grandma's voice her favorite line is i do not love her anymore."
b'i hate hidden valley ranch'
b'i hate him and am so sick of seeing him'
b'i hate hoes who be looking all nice nshit with their hair and nails done, but they kids look like they barely survived a tornado'
b'i hate homophobic people more than i hate my german teacher'
b'i hate hour long bus rides'
b"i hate how all these basic accounts like or are hoping on justin's dick like they werent shit talking when he got arrested"
b"i hate how a majority believe that when a girl's silent she's falling apart crying inside over thinking but maybe she's just hungry"
b'i hate how every teacher thinks we should have a test in their class before break'
b'i hate how i get distracted so easily!'
b'i hate how i let the dumbest things bother me sometimes.'
b'i hate how i miss people who turned out to be really shitty to me'
b"i hate how i am stuck babysitting on saturday's and i am not allowed to go out on sunday's unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face"
b'i hate how judgmental people are, we all sin, i am not perfect an neither are you. do not judge my sin, all sins are all equal in gods eyes.'
b'i hate how people constantly remind me of my past like fuck you'
b'i hate how people do not really know you, but they judge you anyways.'
b'i hate how people judge him and all just look at him'
b'i hate how people judge our relationship.'
b'i hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent'
b'i hate how there are people who enjoy making other people feeling like shit like what are you doing with your life?'
b'i hate how this phone keeps disconnecting the wifi when i go to my next class why not stay on'
b'i hate how ur born out of nowhere forced to go 2 school then get a job & work endless hours like this isnt fair wat if i wanted to be a duck'
b'weary face weary face weary face i hate it'
b'i hate it how i can give everybody advice but i cant even follow my own damn advice'
b'i hate it my favorite song is getting popular and even dumb kids are listening to it.'
b'i hate it when auto-correct changes my " omg " to " omg " like, chill out, i am not that surprised.'
b'i hate it when content creators get paid for doing what they love what a bunch of jerks'
b'i hate it when friends change just because they meet new people'
b'i hate it when i actually do my homework and the teacher does not check it.'
b'i hate it when i am sleeping and someone come and say me are you sleeping i was like no i am dancing wanna join'
b'i hate it when i do not forward a chain mail and i die the next day.'
b'i hate it when i feel like shit and i have no idea why'
b'i hate it when i get a boner in class and it flips my desk'
b'i hate it when i have to be nice to someone who i really wanna throw a brick at.'
b'i hate it when i have to make sure i am not a psychotic bitch "'
b'i hate it when i look horrible in a group picture and the person that looks good refuses to delete it.'
b"i hate it when i lose something and know it's around the house somewhere!"
b'i hate it when i am eating cereal and the last three pieces are like " bitch, catch me if you can! "'
b'i hate it when i meow at cats and they dont meow back. unbelievably rude.'
b'i hate it when im in a bad mood and people make me laugh like stop that'
b'i hate it when im in a good mood and some idiot decides to fucking ruin it'
b"i hate it when i am listening to music really loud and i have to keep pausing it because i think someone's shouting my name."
b"i hate it when i am singing a song and someone joins in! please, this isn't glee!"
b'i hate it when i am singing a song and the artist gets the words wrong.'
b'i hate it when im singing a song and the artist keeps messing up the words.'
b'i hate it when im telling a story and i smile and people think im lying'
b'i hate it when i am trying to be serious, but then i accidentally smile.'
b'i hate it when i am wearing my apple bottom jeans and i can not find my boots with the fur.'
b'i hate it when i plan a conversation in my head and the other person does not follow the script.'
b"i hate it when i think i am buying organic vegetables but when i get home i discover they're just regular donuts"
b'i hate it when meetings interrupt my listening schedule'
b'i hate it when my black clothes are different shades of black and they dont match'
b'i hate it when my eyebrow twitches lol'
b'i hate it when my friends are friends with the people i hate.'
b'i hate it when my friends change just because they meet new people'
b'i hate it when my heart says yes and my mom says no'
b'i hate it when other people laugh and still look attractive, but when i laugh i look like an awkward horse.'
b'i hate it when people are mad at me and dont tell me the reason why'
b'i hate it when people do not hate people i hate.'
b"i hate it when people exaggerate my mistakes and make it seem like i've commited a crime."
b'i hate it when people im friends with are friends with people i strongly dislike'
b'i hate it when people judge thru social media'
b'i hate it when people lie to me and act like its nothing bitch bye'
b'i hate it when people lie to me and i know the truth'
b"i hate it when people pour my cereal. they do not know how much i want. they do not know my life. they do not know what i've been through."
b'i hate it when people pretend to care about you but in realty they doesnt give a shit about what is going on with ur life -ankush singhal'
b'i hate it when people say shit like " wow they downgraded " when they move on from someone. everything is not about looks. being happy matters'
b'i hate it when people see me in my worst state'
b'i hate it when people stare at me and do not say anything i mean if you want an autograph or a picture just ask.'
b'i hate it when people take advantage of your niceness like fuck you bitch'
b'i hate it when people tell me im lying and im not like fuck off'
b'i hate it when people tell me im lying and im telling the truth'
b'i hate it when people try to act " cool " in front of certain people.'
b'i hate it when people underestimate my ability to find shit out'
b'i hate it when someone turns the lights on while i am asleep, and i am all like (\xc2\xb0_ -)'
b'i hate it when teachers say " from all this talking, i assume you\'re done. " from all this complaining, i assume you\'re single.'
b'i hate it when the movie trailer is better than the movie itself.'
b"i hate it when the teacher favors a student in class it's just so annoying damn it"
b'i hate it when you are having a bad day and everyone takes it personally, like no i hate myself, not you. get over yourself.'
b'i hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at'
b'i hate it when you sit down and your legs flatten out to approximately the size of australia'
b'i hate jaywalkers'
b'i hate knowing that i have to wake up for fuckin school tomorrow'
b'i hate lady gaga more and more each time autocorrect changes ha on my phone.'
b"i hate letting my anger get the best of me. it's a rare slip up. but it happens."
b'i hate life at the moment i suck and i am stupid i was inactive the whole weekend cus of stupid exams -luc'
b'i hate looking ugly the first time i meet someone like wait i can do better than this i swear'
b'i hate/love the fact i work the morning shift tomorrow i gotta go to both of my jobs face with cold sweat'
b"i hate lying to kids but my daughter asked me what twerking was and i told her it was when identical twins go to each others ' jobs"
b'i hate mfs who do shit for attention unamused face like bitch we see yo ugly ass. have a seat'
b'i hate missing people who turned out to be really shit to me'
b'i hate mosquitoes! i mean, i know i am delicious but damn.'
b'i hate most of the people in my math class'
b'i hate my 4th period with a passion'
b'i hate my art class... with all my heart.'
b'i hate my body sometimes always waking up in the middle of the night and not falling back asleep'
b'i hate my chemistry class dude loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'i hate my class. i hate my teacher. i hate school. ugh \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x91\x90\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i hate my classmates and my class teacher. i am so fucking glad when i can just leave this school in a few months and never have to see them.'
b'i hate my english class'
b'i hate my history teacher so much, can she chill for a minute'
b'i hate my house and i hate the people who live in it and to make things even better i have no choice but to live here'
b'i hate my job. my boss is ugly but i need the money! -sincerly everyone'
b'i hate my next class so much confused face'
b"i hate my orientation class & my teacher. she's a nuisance."
b'i hate my other class. i always get grouped with the people that end up dropping unamused face'
b'i hate my science teacher tho bc he said the worst band of all time is good charlotte, i was so ready to just walk out of class'
b'i hate my teacher sm what study guide? wh\xc3\xabre?'
b'i hate my i am all done with you fuckers 15 years of disappointment. no longer have a favorite team'
b'i hate my upstairs neighbors. sounds like a damn heard of elephants in a bowling alley. they are getting a hate note tomorrow'
b'i hate not feeling good, i have not eaten all day face throwing a kiss'
b'i hate packing my clothes and i do not even know what to bring and where to place them.'
b'i hate people that judge others for doing what makes them happy!'
b'i hate people who judge my food smh just let me eat what i want'
b'i hate people who say one thing but actions show another unamused face'
b'i hate people who say they hate someone, but they hang out with them all the time.'
b'i hate people who steal my ideas, before i think of them.'
b'i hate random tattoos in random places. like ppl be having tiny tattoos in the middle of their arm. not even centered lol. stoooopppp.'
b'i hate rebecca so much. she was such a cunt. i was so glad when she died. and i hate that wes is so obsessed with that emo bitch.'
b'i hate remembering good times that i had with people who ended up being really shitty to me'
b"i hate riding the train in the morning, jesus it's always packed"
b"i hate school. but i do not hate education. there's a huge difference."
b"i hate school it's so stressful and you have to wear pants."
b'i hate seeing my granddad so sick and depressed crying face nothing has ever hurt my heart so much'
b'i hate seeing people that i love hurt unamused face'
b'i hate shaving my legs but i love having shaved legs you feel me'
b'i hate sma idk can you? bitch i will shit on your desk and poke your tires!'
b'i hate smart ass teachers. me : can i go to the bathroom? teacher : i do not know, can you? me : bitch i will shit on your desk.'
b'i hate snake'
b"i hate talkin when i wake up, just dnt say shit to me for an hour or two then i'll be good lol."
b'i hate texting people first. it makes me feel annoying, awkward, and unwanted.'
b'i hate texting people who do not use smileys. i feel like i am texting an emotionless robot'
b'i hate that anger issues is a thing that runs in my family'
b'i hate that being a bad texter = being a bad friend im a good friend i just hate texting so much'
b'i hate that feeling when everyone around me is in a relationship and i am awkwardly sitting there like... i love my dog.'
b'i hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone might kill you in the shower.'
b'i hate that feeling when your bloodsugar drops. like the thought of food makes me feel sick but i know i really need to eat right now'
b'i hate that i always get sick during the holidays'
b'i hate that i cry when i am mad because it looks like i am sad or scared but really i am just freaking mad'
b'i hate that i have such a guilty conscience. if i say something out of anger, i have to apologize right away loudly crying face'
b'i hate that i have to go to work i am still sick af'
b'i hate that i am getting sick and there is like nothing i can do about it'
b"i hate that i am such a forgiving person. you can do me so dirty & i'll still convince myself that those weren't your intentions & forgive you"
b'i hate that my baby is sick weary face'
b'i hate that my math teacher does not put our grades online, we have to figure it out.'
b'i hate that my tutor tells me one thing and my teacher tells me another thing. really makes my head hurt.'
b'i hate that one kid who always uses the whole class to finish there test'
b"i hate that sick feeling when you think you've done something wrong or that someone dosent like you sad"
b'i hate the cold, something is wrong with you all who enjoy this weather. wtf?'
b'i hate the feeling of not knowing'
b'i hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears'
b'i hate the part of the morning where i have to actually get out of bed and participate in real life.'
b'i hate the people in this class'
b'i hate the smell of freshly washed blankets'
b'i hate the students in my class rn'
b"i hate the \xe2\x80\x98tell us about yourself ' thing its so hard like im me and i dont even know about me"
b'i hate the thought of being drunk now it makes me feel sick'
b'i hate the twitter word limit damn it. it made me look so straight forward. but any blessing you donated will be appreciate'
b'i hate the waiting game, but i love the feeling when that name pops up smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i hate this class.'
b'i hate this class bruh angry face'
b'i hate this damn class'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i hate this dude'
b"i hate this feeling of not knowing what you're feeling."
b'i hate this nigga in my class like bitch i wanna leave why tf you gotta be trying the professor'
b"i hate this project so much and there's no good reason for it. i am finally talking about a subject i enjoy"
b'i hate this teacher already'
b"i hate this teacher who looks like he's the same age as tai"
b'i hate those 1d stans at my school that bullied me bc im the only belieber in my class and they said purpose is flop how about now bitches'
b'i hate those bitches that have that laugh that makes you stop laughing.'
b'i hate to bring my cell phone with me when i go to the bathroom.'
b"i hate to get the seats in the benz wet, but that's how good your ass is"
b'i hate to judge people.. but i will be ruthless to anyone who would vote for alma moreno. seriously.'
b'i hate to judge people on " shebi they said you did it ". it\'s myopic.'
b"i hate to say it but those you judge others or claim they're the bigger man never are. by replying is stepping down to that level"
b'i hate twitter!'
b'i hate " two -faced " people. it\'s so hard to decide which face to slap first.'
b'i hate waking up and then falling back asleep and having hella weird dreams'
b'i hate waking up early and falling back asleep'
b'i hate waking up early but i love being up early... do you understand?'
b'i hate waking up early i just wanna sleep i dont wanna go to school i just want to lay in my bed and sleep for the rest of my life!'
b'i hate waking up sick face with medical mask'
b'i hate waking up to texts, replying and falling back asleep. i literally do it everyday too'
b'i hate waking up to this shit. i should really go to the doctors and check it out'
b'i hate when a dog clearly wants to say hi but the owner pulls on their leash like no let me love your dog i can love it better than you.'
b'i hate when adults make fun of you and ask you if you bought ur jeans with holes in them. why do not you go fix the holes in the economy robert'
b'i hate when a friend finds new friends & dumps you & could careless about you, no effort to see you or anything.'
b"i hate when a teacher calls on me when i am thinking about daniel. sorry i wasn't paying attention when all of daniels music is so exciting"
b'i hate when bitches send me mixed signals like wtf do you want this dick or not bitch?'
b'i hate when bitches under arms be way darker than them that shit so dirty to me'
b'i hate when black clothes are a kinda different type of black and it doesnt match'
b'i hate when females think i want their boyfriend confused face why would i want him? so he can cheat on me too? sleeping face'
b'i hate when girls act dumb to be " cute "'
b'i hate when girls act like they know me personally... lol we not friends'
b'i hate when girls do not kiss until the 3rd date. it makes the sex on the first two dates so impersonal.'
b'i hate when girls pants look like this expressionless face face with tears of joy'
b'i hate when girls tweet about their relationship all day.. bitch, no one gives a fuck if your boyfriend bought you a bagel!'
b'i hate when i bump into someone by accident & say sorry with a smile but they give me the nastiest look like bitch damn im only human'
b"i hate when i buy a bag of air and there's chips in it unamused face"
b'i hate when i come all the way to class for nothing smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i hate when i do not forward a chain letter, and then i die the next day.'
b'i hate when i first meet someone and i am all shy and awkward like this not me i swear just wait'
b'i hate when i forget something i really wanted to say.'
b'i hate when i forget to press send and i am sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply.'
b'i hate when i forget to press send on my phone, then sit and wait there for a reply like an idiot.'
b'i hate when i get sick'
b"i hate when i get that email from credit card co. 's telling me my credit limit has jumped up to 5,000. do not tell me that... temptation loudly crying face"
b"i hate when i have to go to the bank on a friday! it's always packed."
b'i hate when i lose things at school like my pencils and papers and life ambitions'
b'i hate when i am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.'
b'i hate when i am listening to music really loud and i have to keep pausing it because i constantly think i am hearing my name being called.'
b'i hate when i am mad at someone and they make me smile?'
b'i hate when i am sick cause i start coughing to where i start gagging weary face'
b'i hate when i am trying to sleep and my brain is like, " you know what\'s a great movie? paranormal activity... "'
b'i hate when i oversleep at work and get home late.'
b"i hate when i put food in the microwave & it starts making explosive noises so i check and it's cold like why you gotta play me like that."
b'i hate when i put something in a safe place so i will not lose it... but then forget where that safe place is.'
b'i hate when i show my mom a funny video/pic and she says " who is that? " i dont know just laugh and give my phone back'
b'i hate when i smile at a stranger and they do not smile back i am doing this for you fucker'
b'i hate when i take 2723 selfies and not one of them is cute. but then i look in the mirror and i am cute, wtf.'
b'i hate when it\'s dark and my brain is like, " hey remember that horror movie where... "'
b"i hate when it takes a long time for people to text back, like if you wanna talk... talk... if you don't, say bye."
b'i hate when my anger turns into tears'
b'i hate when my baby is sick'
b'i hate when my congressman emails me to " take action " on an issue. dude, you\'re the one in congress, you do something.'
b'i hate when my mom makes me drive her places bc all she does is judge my driving'
b'i hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like. it was born 15 minutes ago, it looks like a potato.'
b"i hate when old people poke me at weddings, point and whisper, 'you're next. ' so i've started doing the same thing to them at funerals."
b"i hate when old people say tattoos are a waste of money like okay debra you have a cabinet of expensive plates people aren't allowed to use"
b'i hate when people are like " you\'re so nice " i am ugly, i have no other choice'
b'i hate when people are only nice to you because they want something, then talk crap about you behind your back.'
b'i hate when people ask " who you trying look good for?! " bitch myself bye'
b'i hate when people correct me while texting like damn sorry english teacher'
b"i hate when people deny how they feel when it's obvious."
b"i hate when people dont know nothing and dare to judge someone just bcs they adore the person who bring the'things ' out"
b'i hate when people first meet me and they\'re like " ur so quiet " like i do not even know you what am i suppose to talk to you about'
b'i hate when people in a commercial have more fun in 30 seconds than i will ever have in my whole life.'
b'i hate when people judge me because i listen to mexican music all the time? okay and tf.'
b"i hate when people judge other religions based off of things they've heard."
b'i hate when people just stop talking to me like atleast tell me what i did wrong damn'
b'i hate when people lie to me. but what pisses me off the most is when people think i am dumb enough to believe it.'
b'i hate when people make decisions for me, like no smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i hate when people make out being a single parent as such a terrible thing?! or judge? you never know why a person is where they are in life'
b'i hate when people make things awkward that do not need to be awkward. i love when people just keep the conversation going'
b"i hate when people miss class and they sit and question me about every little thing like go look on blackboard that's what it's for face with tears of joy"
b"i hate when people on a commercial have more fun in 30 seconds than i'll ever have in my whole life."
b"i hate when people pour my cereal. they do not know how much i want. they do not know my life. they do not know what i've been through."
b'i hate when people say haters are motivators wtf no i cry whenever i find out someone hates me'
b'i hate when people say " tell me a lil bit about urself " just ask what you wanna know about me instead oh my god i dont fuckin know what to say'
b'i hate when people see me at the store and are like " hey, what are you doing here? " i am like " oh you know, hunting elephants.'
b'i hate when people stare at me and don \xc2\x92t say anything i mean if you want an autograph or a picture just ask'
b'i hate when people take my things " " it depends on what it is " " like my phone, hell noooo, but i mean my virginity... well... " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i hate when people talk to me only when they need something. like fuck off maybe.'
b'i hate when people tell me i am short as if i do not already know. like no way i swear i was tall yesterday, this is news to me'
b'i hate when people text me hours later, trying to continue the conversation. bitch, the feeling is gone.'
b'i hate when people think youre lying just because you laugh.'
b'i hate when people use made up words like " irregardless " or " supposably " or " second date. "'
b'i hate when people who know nothing but judge.'
b'i hate when ppl ask questions during movies like do you not understand that a movie purposely doesnt tell you things in order to build suspense'
b'i hate when ppl can not understand i have strict parents & i have rules & i can not just go out whenever i want or do whatever i want'
b"i hate when ppl put group pics on tinder like how am i supposed to know which one's bret"
b'i hate when ppl think i b on shit when usually i am just like this \xf0\x9f\x98\x8elol'
b'i hate when she on her period unamused face'
b'i hate when someone\'s about to tell you something then they say " nevermind. " i mean no, you brought it up, now you have to say it.'
b'i hate when the bus is literally empty and people want to sit either beside you or in front of you and then start cough get your sick ass aw'
b'i hate when the teacher stands next to my desk while i am answering my exam.'
b'i hate when they have awards on tv because all night it\'s pictures of celebs with " slay " or " daddy af " and other dumb shit'
b'i hate when you do favors for someone or do anything for them to help them out & they can not even ask how ur doing.'
b"i hate when ur boob starts falling out of ur bra like excuse me ma 'am please return to your assigned seat"
b'i hate when waiters ask, " are you done with that? " when the plate is completely clear. like nah, imma eat the plate too.'
b'i hate when websites asks " are you human? ".. no i am a alien.'
b'i hate when we fight bbe javu i do care abt us.. feeling well i must admit'
b'i hate when you are waiting for the bus and someone asks has the bus come yet?. if the bus came would i be standing here, dumbass?'
b'i hate when you ask a nigga a? & he responds w/ " huh " \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i hate when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.'
b'i hate when you really want to say something, and the topic changes.'
b"i hate when you're so excited for something but then it ends up not happening < ;"
b'i hate when you talk to someone every single day & then it just stops. all of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other ever again.'
b"i hate when you visit the doctor and he smiles at you. i am sick you moron. act grim, like the world's ending."
b'i hate you'
b'i hate you so much it makes me sick,'
b'i have 13 songs to learn this week fuck me'
b'i have 2 cats, and they are always disturb me when i do my home work. bite my book ar maybe bring my pen to outside with their mouth'
b'i have 5 % left and that means i need to charge my phone i guess one direction'
b"i have a balance on my victoria's secret credit card with a credit limit of i am going to regret this"
b'i have a credit limit on a credit card. now why in the hell would they give me that much money?'
b'i have a beautiful singing voice'
b'i have a boyfriend'
b'i have absolutely no shame in saying that i am still completely in love with justin bieber.'
b'i have a feeling ill be part of the very few ones in school today... boys just no dey love school. face with tears of joy'
b"i have a feeling temporary fix is going to be one of those super underrated fan favorites like no control was. it's sooo good"
b'i have a feeling this weekend is going to suck lol'
b"i have a group chat with my mom, aunt, sister, and cousin. it's a love/hate thing tho because they are hilarious. but"
b'i have a habit of waking up then falling back to sleep'
b"'i have a hospital scalpel at home if you want, it's small but it's very effective ' - ty"
b'i have a lot of friends in this class'
b'i have a love hate relationship with the end of a semester... good cause no more classes but boo to finals'
b'i have an extra ticket to the lightning game tomorrow night anyone wanna go?'
b'i have a really sarcastic personality'
b'i have a smart phone with a dumbass battery.'
b'i have a stupid android so i never get music early so i am listening to the new good charlotte song in the meantime'
b'i have a terrible habit of falling back asleep after all of my alarms & then waking up in time to get ready but hella rushed white frowning face'
b'i have a whole drama assignment due on tuesday rhat i havent started yet i watched how i met your mother all day'
b'i have become something that i hate'
b"i have been dating this wonderful girl for a year and i couldn't be happier i love you"
b'i have been more emotionally hurt this year than i have been physically, maybe i should go rock climbing or something.'
b'i have been smoke free now for over 2 years. i ended up going cold turkey and used a natural tincture to help curb the cravings.'
b'i have been wanting 2 do this 4 a while now [ read comments before you get butt hurt smile ]'
b'i have completed homework. and i am researching to finish my dissertation. because i am so fucking ready to be out of school'
b"i have great sword fight bts but it's all happening too fast to live tweet ha! live tweeting is haaaaaaaard..."
b'i have helped decorate two different houses for christmas before thanksgiving... obviously i do not even listen to my own rules'
b'i have homework but tumblr is calling my name'
b'i have just finished cleaning up my room.. i have found coins worth of almost rm30 and 2 rm50 notes.'
b'i have just realized that i am stuck in 2010 because i still love 1d and jb but i am just here chilling not growing up'
b'i have lash marks on my butt... i love belts so much'
b'i have long thought of the path toward becoming a scholar as akin to becoming a top dancer. or a top athlete. 10,000 hours of work, but'
b'i have many, many reasons to be thankful... a happy, healthy family and a job i truly love! happy thanksgiving!'
b'i have naked 2, 3 and smoky. i am just missing naked palette 1'
b'i have never felt more uncomfortable than i do today'
b'i have never laughed so much'
b'i have never laughed so much as i did watching this interview thank you so much for making me feel better'
b'i have never laughed so much during a 1d interview, plus an added bonus of michael mcintyre, my favourite comedian'
b'i have never laughed so much in my entire life'
b'i have never laughed so much'
b'i have never laughed so much while watching an interview face with tears of joy'
b"i have no days off again... & i do not get to spend time with family on thanksgiving.. that's real great."
b'i have no idea whats wrong with me like i want a relationship and i am attracted to people but when someone is interested in me i hate it'
b'i have no idea what this is but nutella is my biggest weakness.. i needa try this so badly'
b'i have no idea why but i am 100 % attracted more to darker haired men.'
b'i have no motherfucking sympathy for you dumbasses fighting & getting arrested. watch a big man rape the fuck outta your bitchass!'
b'i have no problem with you until you say or do something to my bestfriend.'
b"i have not even had my cat for 24 hours and she's already missing... but i think she's still a little scared so she's just hiding"
b"i have nothing to do... hmm i 'll just run a thread of kihyuna! :))"
b'i have not been on blackboard since friday'
b"i have not been using a bike lock on my bike, but this was pretty cool, i've started using it now."
b'i have not laughed as hard as i did tonight in forever'
b'i have not laughed this hard in a while'
b'i have not left my bed all day except to get oj from the fridge so being 29 is getting off to a great start'
b"i have not own sweat pants since middle school, i think it's time to reinvest, like last night would have been useful to have some."
b'i havent started my assignment for tomorrow'
b'i havent started my assignment yet but i have successfuly learned all the words to " blessings " so i guess you can say i\'ve made progress today'
b"i have one cracked like on my phone. and i am freaking out idk how y'all do it with your phones looking like a spider web weary face weary face weary face weary face"
b'i have " power " by kanye playing in the background while i watch these clippits of mhx and it gets me so hype for the game lol.'
b'i have seen way to much of lately? hahahaha!?'
b'i have so many they will not even fit in this box. wtf am i doing with my life?'
b'i have so much hate and anger in me \xf0\x9f\x98\x94... i needa drink tonight'
b'i have so much money randomly spread around my room lol whet'
b'i have so much work'
b'i have such a short attention span i get distracted from doing work so easily'
b'i have the besst sister ever'
b"i have the best most supportive family a person could ask for, love y'all more than words can explain \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i have the best neighbors in the world smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i have the worlds best neighbors!'
b'i have the worst sore throat loudly crying face'
b'i have the worst sore throat tired face and my head hurts. this sucks'
b'i have this assignment due tomorrow midnight and i havent started cus im lazy and everyones like " why havent you started? " shut up'
b'i have this daily routine of waking up an hour before i have to and not falling back asleep until ten minutes before my alarm goes off'
b'i have this secret love for big men'
b'i have this secret love for shawn and to see calum shamking hamds with him makrs me want to explode'
b'i have three days to use all of my meal swipes for the week'
b'i have to do a super simple assignment and its due tomorrow and i havent started :)... how ugly'
b'i have to get home to my family & your keeping me here'
b'i have to get off twitter and do my home work bc my teacher scares me but we better not loose our 1st place 5 seconds of summer'
b'i have to get up... ):'
b'i have to go to bed now. i love you to the moon and back. smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i have to make a decision because i do not want to get caught in a cycle'
b'i have to save up to get an iphone back (i broke mine so i have a stupid android ) and its like 230 bruh'
b'i have to take cigarette break detours today because i embarrassed the shit out of myself in our work lobby today.'
b'i have to use a stupid android until christmas ):'
b'i have to worst canker sore on my tongue unamused face'
b'i have to write a 300 word gratitude essay to someone and i dont know who i should write about. i have to set up a visit with them.'
b'i have two days of school this week and i am wearing sweat pants for both of those days i dont even care anymore'
b'i have work tomorrow i should be sleeping.. but greys loudly crying face'
b'i hav the wonderful pleasure of going to money joes today. good me!'
b'i heard he got a pretty face and stand up like a stallion.'
b'i heard she gotta pretty face & stand up like a stallion!'
b"& i hear her names pretty, from a different continent, telling me she's single, but to tell the truth i am not convinced"
b"i'd go for chris hemsworth. and it's a ron howard film. should be great!"
b'how you have a great weekend after this weekend i do not know how i will react at the race track'
b'i held a very successful bake sale on friday in aid of the rainbow child foundation.'
b'i honestly can not even explain how excited i am to meet kathy'
b'i honestly do not give a fuck about anything rn i should sleep'
b'i honestly do not give af who do not fuck with me just do not pretend smiling face with sunglasses'
b'i honestly hate being in bad terms with people, rather have no problems and no awkward situations lol'
b'i honestly have no good reason to not want to see a movie with a emily, jessica, and charlize. clearly i am not sick but i am not well.'
b"i honestly hope i do not leave this hospital because i feel like there is nothing to go home to anymore. i feel that there's nothing left. open lock"
b'i honestly just do not give a fuck anymore.'
b"i honestly like will heaney again.. idk i am sorry y'all but love freaking wins \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i honestly think today is the first day i have not had homework this year'
b"i honestly wasn't expecting penn state to convert the 4th down. glad they proved me wrong."
b'i honestly will never understand how guys work... be nice to understand...'
b'i hope 2016 is nothing like 2015'
b'i hope athena has the most amazin day today'
b'i hope everybody day going good and stay safe... always pray and learn to put yourself first and do what you have to do for yourself. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i hope everyones day is goooing great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i hope fantasy football goes away (which i doubt ). there's simply too much of it and it dwarfs the real purpose of following the sport."
b'i hope i can not get up for work cause i swear weary face'
b'i hope it was adrian that liked libra otherwise i ed him that for no good reason'
b'i hope the expats in are having fun right now. & i had fun w/ the expats in last night.'
b'i hope they dont get back together but selena is justin first love so i think that will never happen'
b'i hope this feeling goes away one day. i doubt it ever will.'
b'i hope this week goes by really slow.'
b') i hope you have an amazin day sun with face'
b'i hope you wake up in a good mood. smile a lot & do not let anyone bring you down. ur amazing smile \xe2\x80\x94 thank you cutie'
b'i hope when you cry your tears do not hurt'
b'i hope you have a wonderful day & that the year ahead is filled with much love'
b"i hope you have the most amazin day ever! i'll be back to buggin ya after work winking face"
b'i hope you know i am lieing because i hate you " talking to julian in class'
b"i hope you never get off on fridays & work at s friday's that's always packed on fridays"
b'i invested with i just picked up my money and sent her cut back, thank you so much face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'i juss made a joke abt cocaine at a table full of children, im the only one laughing face with tears of joy'
b'i just almost had to sleep this lady! lord please be with me today'
b'i just ate for like the first time since last thursday yes im getting better'
b'i just be playing with her loudly crying face'
b'i just can not wait till saturday, when all my work is done and i am on my way to tucson and do not have to go back to school for a week'
b'i just casually lurked through videos loudly crying face laughed for at least 15 minutes'
b'i just did fantastic on an exam. what a feeling of joy!'
b"i just failed a physics test but it's fine"
b'i just failed my physics test disappointed face'
b'i just found a tick on me'
b'i just found out the other day that jo on greys anatomy is actually josephine like me and im freaking out this is a first.'
b'i just found this in my garage. who should i give it to?!'
b'i just get distracted so easily'
b"i just get sick a lot. but this will be the first time in almost a year that i've gotten really sick ;;"
b"i just got home today, i have a fridge full of beer and i wanna throw a party, i'll let you guys know the address later face with stuck out tongue"
b'i just got sad because i thought i had to do my home work but then i remembered that i do not'
b"i just go where the love at. ain't no awkward shit that way"
b'i just had a nightmare, to wake up and remember it happened in real life and is no dream at all loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i just had a physics test that i forgot about and i probably failed it lol'
b'i just had a really weird dream... and im not sure whether i should like it or feels creepy abt it wtf'
b'i just had the delight of overhearing the most hilarious conversations between 2 brothers & their little sister.'
b'i just hate that no matter what i do everyone is going to judge me because its like the world has my life planned out for me.'
b'i just hate to see ppl doing bad. i just wanna help out habit cause i was raise to never judge if your not helping'
b'i just have these times where i just get emotional. for no good reason. it just kills me and i am trying to change how i deal with it.'
b'i just heard " on average, there are 7 people in the world that look similar to you " omg bless you all i hope you\'re all okay i am so sorry'
b'i just hope that i have not invested ally emotions in the wrong place. but whenever i look at her i say thank you lord jesus..'
b"i just hope today's worth it. i am leaving beside something that means a lot. praying i'll be okay."
b'i just keep waking up & falling back to sleep expressionless face'
b"i just laughed for like 5 mins straight at one direction playing never have i ever.. they're such dorks i love it"
b'i just laughed so hard and started to cough uncontrollably'
b'i just learned that my very good friend bea, who lives next door and is two years old, is beatrix. i like that.'
b'i just lost probably 20 of my books today, some are even my favorites. i feel so heartbroken loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i just love all this rain'
b'i just love it to see my bff talking about her love letters all night! ha'
b'i just love the fact i am blessed man, we gotta be more appreciative'
b"i just love when dawson decides he's hungry at 5:00am"
b'i just mind-yelled " pitter patter let\'s get at \xe2\x80\x98er " on that opening screen play. cc :'
b'i just mistook a duffel bag sitting in the corner for my cat.'
b'i just need thanksgiving break to come faster. not for the food just so i will not have any obligations.'
b'i just need to do my home work'
b"i just need to take a shower that's so hot my skin turns red."
b'i just ousted as the mayor of mie tarik laiker on'
b"i just realized jade and liam would never happen bc jade's friends with danielle p."
b'i just really wanna be friends with some of you but i just cant start conversations. its not that im shy i just really suck at being a human'
b'i just remembered i failed my physics test and i had to take another test tomorrow and i have not studied anything oh god'
b'i just remembered i have a science assignment due tomorrow that i havent started im crying'
b'i just saw a " genderbend " of genos with boobs and i kinda laughed sorry'
b'i just taught my cat how to high five ha! ur cat is sad'
b'i just think fisher does not want to get caught up in all of this.'
b"i just told my family i run a fan account. my parents were surprised and proud i wasn't expecting that"
b'i just told myself that i should do my home work'
b'i just took a shower + i forgot i still have to go out + get stuff for the lock in so i am wearing a beanie over my bun, i look like a fool'
b'i just turned austin slater into chris sale in id say offseason successful.'
b"i just unlocked the rollin ' deep sticker on"
b'i just wana play zombies to release frustration'
b'i just wanna be happy \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x96 why ruin my mood'
b'i just wanna get home from school so i can get my ps4'
b'i just wanna see how ariana looks so i can jump in the shower and get ready to go out'
b'i just wanna sit next to him and talk about everything please'
b'i just want a cute kid'
b'i just want a freaking puppy sad but my parents are like no way'
b'i just want a nice body & a pretty face'
b'i just want it to be next tuesday so i do not need to be stressed out about everything happening this week'
b'i just want some food. that would be lovely.'
b'i just want someone to spoon me as we watch at movie... is that so hard to ask?!'
b'i just want to be home so i can sleep in my own bed and shower without sandals on'
b'i just want to chill with someone and smoke a blunt everyone be on some real dumb shit'
b"i just want to drive endlessly today with someone... i'll provide the gas and car and everything"
b'i just want to express myself w/ no hesitation,, to be free from pretensions and release my frustration.. shoutout'
b'i just want to go to the bedlam game weary face weary face'
b'i just want to hug calum for the longest time and shower him with compliments and make him smile he deserves to be happy i love him so much'
b'i just want to see you smile'
b'i just want to smash your head open and take everything in there " " that\'s lovely'
b'i just want to stop bleeding so i can leave my house and hangout with friends'
b'i just woke up and oh my god she followed me! i love you so much princess kissing face with closed eyes'
b'i just woke up from a nap, im getting food with morgan and then napping again and i have no shame'
b'i just woke up with the worst sore throat ever kms'
b"i just wrote 6 discussion board posts for my women's rights class and i want to go set my bra on fire"
b'thank you kat ~! *huuugs* for some reason, i am feeling a lot better! so good i wanna draw ha'
b"ik but it's too hot down here loudly crying face"
b'i keep? falling asleep like as soon as i get home?'
b'i keep falling back asleep and waking up in my parents house having no clue where the hell i am lol'
b'i keep getting really happy cause we do not have school monday face savouring delicious food'
b"i keep going from burning up to freezing cold. ugh i hate being sick dude! gotta get better asap this ain't good for my bby"
b"i keep hearing massive fireworks and it's scaring the shit out of me"
b'i keep reaching for what i want when i need to be investing into my future'
b'i keep re-watching my snaps from last night. my sister talking about how she wants her funeral done is hilarious.'
b'i keep seeing people saying les needs to get a new system. i agree but will les actually do that? i doubt it.'
b'i keep taking 15 minute naps, waking up, and then falling back asleep this is so unhealthy'
b'i keep waking up and falling back asleep'
b'i keep waking up and falling back asleep bc i can not stay awake'
b"i kept searching for baps album in gaon chart and i realized its still from last week 11. 8 -11. 14, okay nice i cant wait to see nxt week's"
b'nothing to do. just learn some korean language hehehe'
b'ik i just laugh bc i agree'
b'i killed the b****'
b"^^ i kinda want 5sos to see this but i know that'll never happen face with tears of joy"
b'i knew i matured when i realized every situation does not need a reaction, sometimes you just gotta leave people to do the dumb shit they do'
b'i knew it i knew it my voice is gone i can not say shit i hate being sick'
b'i knew it! i never doubted you for a second glenn'
b'i knew i was in trouble when he laughed.'
b'i knew this weekend was going to suck'
b'i knocked down that tall pizza box tower.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face i know but i got it under control always'
b'i know dairy is probably the worst thing for a sore throat, but it feels so good to eat! face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask face with medical mask'
b'i know god will not give me anything i could not handle, i just wish he did not trust me that much'
b'i know have a double eye infection, would anyone/anything else like to contribute to my shitty day?'
b'i know hes awesome but on my forearm'
b"i know he's not very explosive or twitchy, but i love laquon treadwell. so physical and so smart at the catch point."
b"i know i know.. it's the sunday. and here i am going back to school to study. well, i do not have a choice since tmr start my exams. ha"
b"i know i am lame, but hey.. some man thinks that's attractive so badabing badaboom"
b'i know i am no pretty face you dont have to say boy you can have your way i am done with being fake'
b"i know i am not the only one who regrets the things they've done"
b'i know i am now more determined than ever to go to the kop and enjoy the life i have'
b'i know i am probably too late to try and apologize for my mistakes but i just want you to know i hope he buys you flowers i hope he... \xe2\x99\xaa'
b'i know i am sick i am fat so i starve i am numb so i cut i am tired of being me so i hate myself'
b'i know it could happen but ive never heard of a mexican getting alcohol poisoning'
b"i know it's meant for children, and they will love it and everything but it is not true to the original"
b'i know my value and that i determine it. i can recognize when i should be great-ful and i know when someone is selling me short.'
b'i know that look, i know her, i believe her. " vs. " regina stop youre scaring marian.'
b'i know this bitch do not have on kitten heels. neutral face'
b'i know um probably much too late to try and apologize for my mistakes but i just want you to knoww'
b"i know, you do not wanna break his heart, but that ain't no good reason to be keeping us apart."
b"i know you'll never follow me but hey today is my lucky day smile you'll neverknow"
b'ik some of you pussy niggas glad he locked up tho, he mad alot of " tough niggas " turn bitch fast open book'
b'i lace you up so you know its real'
b'i laugh at everything & idc face with tears of joy'
b'i laugh at people who only come to you when they need something smh'
b'i laughed and cried simultaneously'
b'i laughed at this'
b'i laughed harder than i should have'
b'i laughed way too fucking hard at this.'
b'i laughed way too hard loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'i laughed way too hard at this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i laughed way too much at this haha, i can just imagine someone's reaction if i said any of these face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i laughed when la roux tweeted me slandering me bc i hate lgbt. i mean, what's that b*tch gonna do, come all the way from uk & beat my arse?"
b'i left wob less than 7 hrs ago aka this morning aka rolling through a double w 6 hrs of sleep smile'
b'i legit hate when carlos is really sick'
b'i legit rushed taking a shower for like 5 mins. so i do not miss the amas the things i do for these idiots'
b'i let my phone charge in math and dude right here thought it was okay to take a picture neutral face'
b'i let that happen once never again'
b"i have been following your profile on insta and i have to admit that's quite an impressive piece of work you had done"
b'i like anime and eat ass, do not curve me bitch.'
b'i liked a video a conversation with michael bloomberg'
b'i liked a video bring me the horizon - true friends (live on the honda stage at webster hall )'
b'i liked a video love letters to kevin : episode'
b'i liked a video the walking dead game review'
b'i liked a video plan b - love goes down [official video ]'
b'i liked a video trey songz - heart attack [official video ]'
b'i liked this'
b"i like girls who can rock sneakers and then switch it up and dress classy that's attractive to me. face throwing a kiss"
b'i like groves but has he apologised to all his fans for disappearing on them after his last loss?'
b"i like guys who tell you straight up how they feel that's attractive af"
b'i like having classes with friends but honestly i just want to be alone and focus on my classes next semester. i get distracted so easily.'
b'i like how he thinks that roast is good when i flames his entire existence face with tears of joy'
b'i like how i havent started my civil assignment'
b'i like my music real loud'
b'i like my short hair, but i really kinda miss my long hair weary face'
b'i like smoking/drinking like the next person but i personally do not think you have to be fucked up just to have fun lol tf'
b'i like telling my friends here in france how cold it is in the yukon smile the shocked look is very consistent.'
b'i like the way you french.. inhale, do it again?'
b'i like to think dwight is just really really sarcastic.'
b'i like ur lemon flavor the most but they are all good in their own way'
b'i like when cook is a qb but seeing his shoulder doing like this is not so good'
b'i like when the music just tickles my ears - brother -. -'
b'i limit my cat to no more than 2 cups a day and no sugar!'
b'i literally almost never got zits until i started college'
b"i literally can not remember a time i've had a more tedious hw"
b'i literally dont have to say anything to piss my dad off he just looks at me and he starts goin in lol'
b"i literally get so shocked everytimy someone who's famous is in sweden like why do people go here especially now it's cold af everywhere?!"
b'i literally had to press my home button because i could not handle harry styles'
b'i literally hate almost everyone today.. pensive face'
b'i literally hate mainstream hardcore and all you fuckers who rep it. rest in shit. so sick of being polite'
b'i literally have a years worth of diet coke lmao face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy my mini fridge is full! grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'i literally have like 3 different alarms set including my mom and i end up waking up and falling back asleep every hour smh'
b"i literally have no idea what sexuality i am and i couldn't care less"
b'i literally have people do my home work and type my papers i need help in life lol'
b'i literally have the best friend ever, she came with me to my doctors. thank you so much & mrs. heyer i love you both \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i literally just got stuck babysitting'
b'i literally texted no one all day face with tears of joy shit be feeling wired'
b'i literally wake up maybe 15 minutes before i have to leave school. do not care what i look like at all.'
b'i lived it as a mom of 5 -swimming analogy also true-you can drown trying to save someone.'
b"i'll admit i want to be in a relationship so bad. fuck my life im gonna go under a rock bye"
b"i'll always appreciate how this girl takes good good care of me... an absolute blessing to my life she is"
b'understatement of the century! lmao'
b"i'll be a lady in a street in a dress with her hair tied up, or i can be a freak in the sheets in the room with her hand tied up."
b'ill be back online tonight after a week away. be nice to me smile'
b"i'll be home in less than 48 hours"
b"i'll be using these very soon!"
b'ill blow yo fucking phone up not so you know its real but so you know im fucking crazy open hands sign'
b"ill burn a bowl and cook pancakes and bacon for you at 3 in the mornin ' so you know its real.. lmbo"
b"i'll call you babygirl so you know its real white smiling face"
b"i'll check under your bed when we get home."
b'i\'ll do my homework when i finish the season "'
b'ellena i just found ur spotify and im so happy you listen to ptv and sws good'
b"i'll find a way to get to youu '?"
b"i'll give some one to do my home work"
b"i'll go to war over you i do not give a fuck about showing you"
b"i'll i wanna do is get breakfast and smoke. but no one's up.. what a shame"
b"i'll just kill you with kindness"
b"i'll just sit here and enjoy the filipino opm pop while i wait for my takeaway order. smile (@ pad thai )"
b"i'll just talk to one of the many friends i have in my phone!?"
b"i'll let you know if or when i am back on this account. have fun. take care. stay safe. enjoy life. wish you the best"
b"i'll never get over how stupid android emojis look"
b"i'll never get over my crippling disappointment with the half -blood prince movie. especially since that is my favorite book in the series. expressionless face"
b"i'll never understand the devils fan inferiority complex. accept that they're better than we all thought they were."
b"i'll pay someone to pass this test for me"
b"i'll pick you up at 7, i'll be the one flaring my nostrils uncontrollably"
b"i'll post it sometime but wow that was great"
b'ill probably be a while you diks'
b"i'll save you a bit when tab applies for the great british bake off after making my cake"
b"i'll share sum later in photos. plz end elder abuse its not right. you raise children than rest in later yrs not too be abused. sick wrong"
b"i'll smile at you and let you wonder why!"
b"i'll start homework monday and finish by thursday."
b"i'll start when i get home"
b"i'll take an alka seltzer in the morning since i am drinking tonight lol"
b"i'll wait, i'll wait i love you like you've never felt the pain, i'll wait i promise you do not have to be afraid."
b"i'll work my ass off so one day i'll make my parents proud and give them what they deserve!"
b'i looked out the window and i was shocked the snow actually stood and didnt melt like i thought it would. didnt feel cold enough.'
b"i look like a hobo today it's okay."
b'i look like shit today but djs jacket makes me look less shitty so its okay'
b"i look really pretty today everyone's trying to date me"
b'i lose so much hair in the shower'
b'i lost 18 points bc someone had shitty connection'
b'i lost 3 followers recently but i have tracked them down using'
b'i lost my 222 hat and im truly heartbroken about it pensive face'
b'i lost my id i am shitty'
b'i lost the box to charge my phone. weary face weary face'
b"i lost the voicemail that brody left me in february of our junior year. so that's how my day is going. loudly crying face"
b'i love all the neat products that i can use. i love that ctmh teaches me how to use these products to make pretty pages.'
b'i love so fucking much and i hope that they have a super fun night im also really really sorry about their friend passing'
b'i love babies but i am not joining in with that for a lot more years lol'
b"i love back and forward convos where there's no awkward silence"
b'i love being alone but i hate feeling alone'
b'i love being an 80s kid'
b'i love being an asshole lol like its so funny'
b'i love being around someone who constantly makes me laugh'
b'i love being both white and black omf'
b'i love being called babe'
b'i love being called baby weary face'
b'i love being dad... and my daughter had the wisdom to avoid this madcap moment with her brothers )'
b'i love being daddy little girl'
b'i love being drunk & high at the same time. evergreen tree'
b'i love being free and fine.'
b'i love being high at home, i literally lay on my bed and just appreciate tf outta music lolol'
b'i love being latina smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being on a train or bus because they have heat, unlike my apartment'
b'i love being personal with all of you'
b'i love being speechless.'
b'i love being talked to'
b'i love being under the thumb'
b'i love being up early enough to enjoy the sunrise'
b'i love being up in the morning i swear it was no problem getting up'
b'i love bringing people to my house so i can go to bed while my parents talk to them for a couple hours.'
b'i love bus journeys but i hate the people on bus journeys'
b'i love children. i do not mean it in the creepy way, i am not a pedophile.'
b'i love complimenting ppl bc everyone is so beautiful and i just wish ppl sent me pics of them so i could shower them w compliments. sad'
b'i love conversations where you do not need to watch what you say and can just be yourself without judgement'
b'i love crawling into bed and not having to set an alarm relieved face'
b'morning pretty face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes tc also'
b'i love dating fellow it\'s like " oh we\'re mad each other right now? ok, oh once this is done i bought we have dinner plans "'
b"i loved coldplay's performance i love their new song"
b'i love drakes dancing - he has moves'
b"i love dressing. it's what i am looking forward to. i can eat it every day."
b'i loved watching how hard was laughing while watching the other sharks play'
b'i love everything about him, his smile, his laugh, his terrible dancing skills one direction'
b'i love evolution cuz science! why are men such competitive jerks? i hate that!'
b'i love falling back to sleep then waking up late'
b'i love family guy face with tears of joy'
b"i love finding out who your true friends are. it's seriously just the best. smile"
b'i love fresh bed sheets'
b"i love funny people, that's attractive smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'i love going into work hehe'
b'i love going to calculus.'
b'i love hanging out with friends but also : making sure everyone i invited into my house is happy and having fun is stressful'
b'i love/hate being a dance teacher'
b'i love having my umbrella break while walking in the pouring rain across campus!'
b"i love having thanksgiving with my black familie lol. oh wait that's the only fam i have face with tears of joy"
b"i love having you in apah and in erwc! \xf0\x9f\x97\xbfyou're freaking smart!"
b'i love hearing the shots from the shooting range all day ahha'
b'i love him through the good and the bad \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f my best friend no matter what face throwing a kiss'
b'i love how barca plays free flowing football now'
b'i love how bella is saying dont follow jade and then jade is like new layout 3 lol random'
b"i love how everyone was a ronda rousey fan last week and now everyone is on the hate bandwagon. you hoes ain't loyal"
b'i love how himchan calls yongguk bbang and rest of the members by their names hehe'
b'i love how i always have to do finals on my birthday.'
b'i love how i dont have to say anything because already knows what im gonna say face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love how in 1 night i go from sleeping in briefs to sleeping in sweatpants and a t shirt. i have not warn a t shirt in bed in months.'
b"i love how kittens are just super shy and timid, and then when they become cats they're huge jerks with little consideration for others."
b'i love how much i laugh at our own videos sometimes lol'
b"i love how much you have fun that's what life's all about and your full of life!"
b'i love how nothing i do is never good enough.?'
b"i love how our winter break is so long cause that means i do not have to go outside when it's cold lol"
b'i love how scot always tried to paint kourtney as weird and controlling, when she was clearly smart and terrified'
b'i love how selena always keeps it classy.'
b'i love how she thought that bare tits were ok but better go with the nude leggings to keeps it classy.'
b'i love how watching play blood borne makes really want to get the game but i never played a souls game and dont have money lol'
b"i love it when he's being cheesy."
b'i love it when i have to get out of bed at 4:15 to pee'
b"i love it when it's frosty outside its so pretty \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9b\x84\xef\xb8\x8f cloud with snow"
b'i love it when its loud, bang dem sticks! 5 seconds of summer'
b'i love jb but like i really wanted charlie puth and wiz to win for see you again loudly crying face'
b"i love justin and halsey as friends, but they're not gonna be anything more stop making it more than what it is"
b'i love just laying in bed and not being bothered'
b"i love kash doll cause she's actually pretty loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'i love kaylee \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f even tho she almost kicked me out of bed last night weary face'
b"i love new vlog, i've never laughed so much in my life"
b'i love kush naps, i be sleepin on like a cloud hehe'
b'i love laying in a bed with freshly washed sheets being able to smell the laundry soap and curling up with a stuffed animal to relax'
b'i love laying in the dark so relaxing'
b'i love listening to the rain pound against the rooftop at 1 in the morning. (that sounded really sarcastic but i am serious. face with tears of joy )'
b'i love long bus rides cuz then i can just fall asleep to my music relieved face'
b'i love louis so much. his smile, his eyes, his nose, his ankle, his tattoos, everything heavy black heart one direction'
b'i love love love the fact i am seeing babe tomorrow. i missed him sooooooo much.'
b'i love mac and sneeze'
b'i love making people mad lol the fact that i get under your skin baffles me smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'i love me i love my family i love my friends i love my god'
b'i love mrs browns boys wait is it the cast?or like a thearte reenactment lol'
b'i love my assistant manager she is just full of life and energy i enjoy being around her'
b'i love my bed'
b'i love my bed at tu, but there is nothing better than your bed at home'
b"i love my bed but i'd rather be in yours."
b'i love my bed, friends are cool too grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b"i love my bed, it's so big and comfy"
b'i love my bed wayyy too much'
b'i love my car am i just really wish i had butt warmers'
b'i love my cat but*this* is a tiny bit over the top lol grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love my contemporary girls so much clarke chapel'
b'i love my geometry teacher'
b'right me too! i was like trying to make sure it was him just so i did not look stupid lol cool experience'
b'i love my life! having an amazing day, met some amazing people. i am just out here dabbing on the devil.'
b'i love my mom sm. she let me cry to her and she really made my day.'
b'i love my mother. i really do. but being left alone all the time fucking sucks ass.'
b'i love my trash bias i love this tiny talented beautiful lovely sassy caring confident smart hilarious angelic human'
b'i love nothing more than seeing young women doing what they love & kicking ass at it.'
b"i love one direction not only because they're songs are good but because they're not like the boys in my school who are such jerks."
b'i love photography but this season literally sucks because the sun goes down at 3pm how am i supposed to find good lightning hm'
b"i love praying in the chapel or garden it's so intimate \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9b\xaa"
b'i love really sarcastic conversations'
b'i love reuniting with my bed'
b'i love school bc a 62 on a math test dropped my entire grade by 9 points and a 98 on the next one brought it up by 2. 2 points'
b'i love school but nothing beats hanging out with my babies'
b"i love school, it's so much fun"
b'i love school means i love to play with my friends... not that school unamused face you should know it.'
b'i love school of rock so much'
b"i love school supplies. ain't gon ' lie."
b'i love school uniforms! the pants & jackets with high collars are so classy and sexy! oh you thought i was talking about the female ones?'
b'i love seeing college kids struggle to cook'
b'i love seeing disabled baddies do not let that wheelchair stop you boo!'
b"i love seeing everyone's senior portraits smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"i love seeing justin with skrillex and diplo they're the best"
b'i love seeing my girls together'
b"i love seeing people say how much they hate monday's when i am still laid in bed hehehheheh"
b'i love seeing pregnant girls that dress up and do their make up like its so freaking cute'
b'i love seeing pretty people?'
b'i love seeing the husbands together'
b'i love seeing them together'
b'i love seeing your name on my phone. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x93\xb1'
b'i love seeing you smile.'
b'i love shower sex makes everything so fun.. slip & bust your ass'
b"i love sleeping on my parents ' bed. shit is soooooo comfy, you never wanna get up from there, and sleep an eternity"
b'i love smelling like coffee when i come home \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love sm though, just not right now when so much bs is going on sleepy face'
b'i love spanish music but i do not understand a word'
b'i love spending loads of time with my family!'
b'i love summit runs?'
b"i love tea tea loves me i could not live without tea with an i do not know and a pitter patter po i love tea it's all i know"
b'i love that joey barton quote " for some reason the manager dislikes me ". unbelievable. how can anyone dislike joey barton?'
b"i love that lyric in this is what makes us girls when lana sings 'we were skippin ' school and drinking on the job with the boss '"
b'i love the big red bus! " - louis tomlinson'
b'i love the bus!'
b'i love the bus lot of nice people here see no evil monkey \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i love the fact harry is bold and ambitious with fashion it's really nice to see"
b"i love the fact she's a medical assistant and i am going to be a dental assistant"
b'i love the fact that cal is still wearing black nail polish'
b'i love the fact that harry wears what he wants to wear! you go glen coco! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy -h one direction'
b'i love the fact that i find out everything'
b'i love the fact that i got a chubby butt to cuddle with when the nights are cold my human teddy bear soft in the inside hard on the outside'
b'i love the fact that i am out all week smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love the fact that i am the first thing on your mind and when you wake up and when you go back to sleep.'
b'i love the fact that i still get that warm happy feeling in my heart whenever i watch videos of cheer comps, miss it sm weary face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love the fact that me and my other brother getting back real close \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love the fact that my boyfriend is my friend before anything else.'
b'i love the fact that my boyfriend loves me unconditionally smiling face with smiling eyes & the fact that he can tell me that without me begging him \xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9'
b'i love the fact that my mom woke me up.'
b'i love the fact that my tv turns off by itself when it can tell no one is watching it'
b'i love the fact that no matter what you will always be my best friend! love you lots christopher \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f keep your head up no matter what'
b"i love the fact that you 'r living ur dream kissing face"
b'i love the fact we can communicate w/ one another even if we mad at each other smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love the fact we talked about the situation before but after yesterday we have a better understanding smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love the fallout boys! there a awesome pop band! lol! (i am a child )'
b'i love the feeling and smell of freshly washed sheets'
b"i love the feeling when the other team's coach says you're a good player"
b'i love the internet too much to sleep lol'
b'i love the people who can keep conversation going no matter how random the topics get.'
b'i love the royal family so much i do not think anything can make me dislike them'
b'i love the saved by the bell episode where zack jerks off mr. belding to get out of detention.'
b'i love these four boys more than they ever can imagine. one direction'
b'i love the smell of a freshly opened pack of pokemon cards.'
b'i love the smell of freshly cut wood.'
b'i love the smell of freshly dyed hair \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb'
b'i love the smell of freshly roasted coffee in coffee shops \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f. it gets my creativity going!'
b'i love the smell of freshly washed clothes weary face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love the smell of freshly washed clothes, is that weird?'
b'i love the smell of freshly washed hair'
b'i love the smell of freshly washed laundry & bed sheets.'
b"i love the snappy tone liberal websites use when they post tweets or tumblr posts they weren't smart enough to make on their own. so sassy."
b'i love the university of north carolina at chapel hill with every single piece of my heart'
b'i love the way my bed smells and feels after i change my sheets and powder it down smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love the " we shouldn\'t have come " whine. lol entitlement is ugly.'
b"i love the word 'lol ' ha like i love 'em."
b'i love third wheeling in my own bed :))))))'
b'i love this 80 year old smoker cough i have? idk how i am gonna work tomorrow.'
b'i love this artwork by cheryl, the gorgeous lady that does my tattoos'
b"i love this girl, she's very smart. heavy black heart"
b'i love this movie! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy this song is so catchy lol'
b'i love this quote since i watched 17 again ~ i always say this to myself when i am down hehehe'
b'i love this time of day i love being up early'
b'i love this time of year, its raining so i can just watch youtube videos in bed and not feel guilty about it.'
b'i love to read. " " oh? who\'s your favorite author? " (this is the part where i anticipate disappointment. )'
b'i love to see little babies chasing kitties smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love waking up at 4:30 and not falling back asleep'
b'i love waking up in the morning and looking out the window to see my whole neighborhood covered in snow smile'
b'i love waking up in the morning... and then rolling over and going back to sleep because reality sucks ass.'
b'i love watching guys doing sports. when they run or play, they look so cool, strong, healthy and very manly'
b'i love when cade comes and climbs in bed with me and plays with my hair loudly crying face'
b'i love when drew and i make plans even tho they never happen face with tears of joy'
b"i love when he do not shave and his hair is a mess and he wears random stuff like idk that's attractive to me"
b'i love when my customers come at the end of my shifts and bring excitement so my shift goes by faster'
b'i love when people cant find enough reasons to hate and judge arzaylea and they shut up lol'
b'i love when people sing to me. i do not care if they have a horrible voice, for some reason the singing just makes me smile lol'
b"i love when people try and tell me what's cool... lol"
b"i love when pretty girls give me a compliment weary face like yesss let's get together go out and be pretty together \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\xa0\xf0\x9f\x92\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x97"
b'i love winter too, but with snow and sun lol. this weather is worthless, no fun at all'
b"i love work but i've been on my feet for ten hours"
b'i love working at levis'
b'i love work right now'
b'i love work these days \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love you and hate you, credit card company. i suddenlt got a credit limit raise which i needed and at the same time am afraid of.'
b"i love you and it's killing me. lol"
b'i love you and i will support forever no matter what things are'
b"face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes i love you, and you're just about the only person who does not make me want to choke myself in geometry!"
b"i love you baby but it's way past your bed time"
b'i love you back. it would b pretty rad if it was me'
b'i love you i love you i love you i love you! low key need you in one of my classes. and i told you, tell banjo to send me those videos.'
b'i love you more than words can explain'
b'i love you " nowadays do not mean a thing anymore lol.'
b'i love you phenoms gosh you do not know how crazy i am rn seeing this pic loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i love your account & your existence lol smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love your foundation and as you can see my 2yr old loves your face cream lol. i managed to save most of it'
b'i love your voice, and your eyes, and your smile, and everything about you'
b"i love you so much but rn you're making me think about you naked and i have to do homework so no"
b'i love you so much. thank you for being a great role model'
b'i love you tay you are incrible and lover, swifties love you so much'
b'i love you to death justin bieber'
b"i love you too brody! ^^ lol i totally forgot it was selca day face with tears of joy i'll probs post one tomorrow, when it's tuesday still somewhere face with tears of joy"
b'i love you too hehe! taylor swift'
b'i love you very much to death. lol.'
b'i love you with all my heart. your the reason why i smile. i love you. mind following me? all the love x189'
b"\xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x92\x99 i love you! you're so gorgeous and funny and sweet and caring and woke and wow i am so so so lucky to be friends w you"
b"i love you zaylie berg you are a wonderful person and we 've know each other for a year now we should celebrate"
b'i low key get really intimidated when the gym is filled with a bunch of guys'
b"youre so pretty my love '"
b"ilysm! you're so gorgeous & funny. we're always cracking up when we're together. you're such a good friend! do not know what if i lost you"
b'im 100 % sure i failed my physics test and i did not understand any of it because he does not teach'
b"i am 100 % sure that drake's beard has more searches on google than meek mill's whole career."
b'ima be busy tomorrow so i love you and i hope you have a great day 3'
b'i am a better looking person with short hair but i feel like i look closer to a serial killer with it'
b'i am a big fans of urs ka. so, totally i would support my kids to be a writer i wanna read their thoughts &drown myself on it. smile'
b'i am a bitch for harry with men'
b'i am a bomb girlfriend. i make your happiness a priority & i dont give up on you even when i am angry. i am your fan all the time.'
b'i am about damn tired of whoever is making this whole dorm smell like freshly baked bread all damn day'
b"i am about that gel nail life not some shitty walmart nail polish that'll chip in a day or two"
b'i am about tired of you basic bandwagon hoes coming at me.'
b'i am about to be knocked tf out.'
b'i am about to fall asleep and i still have to babysit for 3 more hours'
b'i am about to finish paying off my credit card then they go and raise my credit limit... like whyyy \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8'
b'im about to turn my work ethic to a whole different level'
b'ima braid my hair every day for the rest of my life until it grows'
b'if i what others i am if my resonate beyond my'
b'i am acting like i am not in school and do not have a test to take on tuesday confused face'
b'i am actually 27 years old, i just could not handle the responsibilities of adulthood so i pretended to be a teenager'
b"i am actually furious about my teeth i had braces for 2 years, got them off around 3/4 years ago and they're moving back worse than before"
b'im actually really excited to go to art basel'
b'i am a cupcake " - that was a harder to watch than the episode rt : contains spoilers!'
b'i made a 5quad wall in my room and call it the wall of heaven face with tears of joy'
b'i made it out of a xc start box and through the finish today perseverance pays off!'
b"i made my sister do the kylie jenner challenge against her own will and she's crying it's hilarious"
b'i made one out of wooden crates and put my money into a good mat to stand on. i shift between it and sitting desk. love it'
b'ima genie in a bottle baby! your wish is my command! lmao'
b'imagine all extra dried-up boogers the ford people will find compared to the lazy folks at nissan!'
b'imagineertobe : this might be my favorite backstage photo! look at the haunted mansion facade down at the bott'
b'imagine ethan telling you " making love was never us in bed. we make love whenever we hold hands "'
b'imagine having a gorgeous talented singer songwriter boyfriend who wrote a masterpiece about his morning wood upon waking up beside you'
b'imagine if these shoes had talented hosts and presenters that did not fuck up reading a prompter like its live tv you dumb cunts'
b'imagine using an umbrella in the rain. just imagine that.'
b'i am a girl. i do not smoke, drink, or party every weekend. i do not stay out late at nights, sleep around, or start'
b'i am agressively eating carrots at 7pm because i need to finish all my food before i leave tomorrow'
b"ima keep cool just for my mom cuz he not bout that life, once a bitch always a bitch!. if he bout it, he'll do suttin when he see me!."
b"i make mistakes, i knw i am not perfect. thats why i 'am thankful for d true frends who stick by me aftr knowin how i am."
b'i make sure my daughter have & get everything cus i never had shit.'
b'im a lovable person. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'im already having a bad day and im not. even at school yet'
b'i am already looking forward to sleep when i get home.'
b'i am already stressed as it is. i do not need no extra bullshit rn!'
b"i am already stressed as it is i do not need that shit that's the last negative ass energy i needed"
b'i am already stressed, i do not need anyone coming to me with their negative conversations.'
b'i am already too stressed i do not need any of this shit!'
b'i am alr stressed. you do not need to add on to it. enough is enough'
b"i am also upset that i had to freaking buy adele's album like i pay 9. 99 for spotify and i gotta pay 12 more dollars for a album."
b'im always inspired to do so many things but alas here i am in bed as i always am doing absolutely nothing'
b'i am always in trouble bc my family does not get my really sarcastic personality'
b'i am always investing my energy in the worst places and people! i need divine intervention before i drain myself!'
b'i am always laying in the dark listening to depressing music face with tears of joy'
b'i am always so damn happy after talking to my baby ughh feels so good smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x91'
b'i am always so frazzled, and nate always remains so calm and has everything under control. i do not know how he does it.'
b'i am always'
b'ima make something to one of these tuff ass beats sent me'
b"i am amazed, in a way that we've got this far... at the pace we're going, you'd think we're gone."
b'i am annoyed with twitter so i am going to shower then watch ouat for the rest of the night'
b'i am a piece of shit... my boyfriend is everything smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'im a really lovable person once you get past my 5 layers of shyness, awkwardness, fear, vague dislike, and loneliness'
b'i am a really sarcastic person, you either get it or you do not'
b"ima real nigga, and bitches like real so you is what it ain't and it is what it is -"
b'i am a sweet bot i swear ~'
b'i am at a party full of children. send help.'
b'i am at get home'
b'i am a true, literal day 1 fan of jb. no shame whatsoever.'
b'i am at the mall buying shit i do not need bc sad and stressed smile'
b"i am attracted to the guys that couldn't possibly be worse for me and i have no idea why"
b'i am a very approachable a lovable person but for the love of your personal deity or lack there of dont talk to me while i am peeing'
b'im awful at doing work, get distracted so easily person bowing deeply'
b'i may as well join the bandwagon and get some hoes and fuck folks over just because i think i can.'
b'i may be 17 but i still love to crawl into my moms bed and snuggle smiling face with heart shaped eyes little girl at heart \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i maybe turning 21 now but i am glad to be drugs, alcohol and smoke free!'
b"i may have money, cars, fame. i love nice things but i also know they aren't important."
b'i may not be a smart man, but i know what love is.'
b'i may not be brave or strong or smart, but somewhere in my secret heart, i know love will find a way. kiara (lion king ii )'
b'im back to a stupid android. cause my baby decided to brake my iphone unamused face lol'
b'i am back where i mf left at, minor setback for a major fucking comeback! face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"i am baffled by the number of people who seem shocked that it's cold. a ) it's november, making it winter and b ) winter tends to be cold"
b'i am beyond stressed with school rn and i do not need anything else on top of that'
b'im blessed thank you smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i am blessed with such an awesome family'
b'i am blithe with my new life but deeply devastated with people around me'
b'i am bored... do not have nothing to do. no one to talk to'
b'i am boutta jus get tatted forreal now lmao sike nahh'
b'im bout to call a quits, i done had enough of it. my heart is so cold i can not find no love here.'
b'i am bout to make the most bs 6 page paper in all history face with tears of joy'
b'i am broke and boring and'
b'i am buying a hamster & keeping it in my closet sorry mom'
b'i am catching a cold worry'
b'i am constantly tired, emotional and stressed like why can not something nice happen instead of stress and responsibilities i do not need this'
b'i am convinced...'
b"i am convinced that someday, the last lingering shot of will be that dumb sheriff's hat. that thing is invincible."
b'i am cooking and entire thanksgiving dinner solo this year... to say i am nervous is an understatement.. \xf0\x9f\x8d\x97\xf0\x9f\x8d\x81\xf0\x9f\x8d\x82'
b'i am craving taco bell like a mf... and by lunch time i will not even be hungry unamused face'
b'i am cute, i could careless about you'
b'the struggle must have been too real. hollaback'
b'face with tears of joy im dead ass serious right now neutral face'
b'i am dead when your sister tries to be a dancer face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i am definitely looking forward to the turkey and dressing! yum! ad'
b'i am determined not to sleep through my weekend this week. try to enjoy it for what it is. time away from work'
b'i am determined to enjoy life!'
b'i expect whole should share this attempt to but on'
b'im disappointment in you cause you did not sing my favorite song, but hey you knew who i was face with tears of joy'
b'not awesome enough and plus i would not want you to'
b'im done allowing anyone to make me feel like shit'
b"i am done associating myself with people that aren't on my level of work ethic"
b"i am done doing the most for everyone else. it's time i worry about me. idc if i sound selfish. i deserve respect."
b'i mean as a coyote i agree. i have a strange conundrum to deal with as a professional alcohol server'
b'i mean do not wanna be that girl but when the hell did everyone just love justin bieber like screw you bandwagon hoes'
b"i mean.. i listen to awesome music.. it's just what i do. winking face"
b'i mean normally i hate football but my favorite teacher is the coach imagine how sad he must be right now poor old mr anton'
b'i mean, the grass is greener on my side anyway smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i mean, the moon was great, but knowing what is happening on the earth? that's moving."
b'i am earning in learn n earn - physical therapy.'
b'i meet this great talented artist in eastern cape and this beautiful real mix came out lyrics ft k -zen &'
b'i am environmentally conscious *, i snip the six pack ring before throwing it away. *(i drink too much )'
b'i am excited for meet jack and jack (jack johnson & jack gilinsky ) in brazil oh my godness, so nervous'
b"i am expecting exciting free flowing football tonight and saturday.. thought he'd go tonight seen as he's down there"
b'im feally finna braid her hair monday'
b'i am feeling continuously low these days, for all sorts of reasons. i do not have anything amusing, interesting or funny to share, either.'
b'im feeling fantastic... i hope you feel the same!'
b'i am feeling good this morning.'
b'i am feeling good this morning like for a cute good morning dm \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'im finally loosing my pcl virginity.'
b"i am for gay rights and women's rights and very very against islam."
b'i am full of shit these days, this is me telling you now'
b'i am getting excited to meet this lil guy! : heathermichelleb maudeproductions'
b'i am getting much too old for the whole rolling home at this time of the morning malarkey.'
b'i am getting my new phone tommorrow and i also get to keep the one i have for an mp3 player bc i have like 700 songs downloaded on it'
b'i am getting really sick & tired of this shit'
b'i am getting these printed up on zazzle to try and sell at junky comics soon :).'
b'i am getting tired of waking up every night at 3am... damn will not be falling back asleep until 6 again tired face'
b"i am giving a lunch & learn upstairs from you at avant at 12:15. stop by if you're around!"
b'i am giving away something for you on : feathery swirly design eye tattoos - l. get it here -'
b"im giving away this merch to my actives that have my notifs on! rt if you want it i'll pick at the end of nov."
b'i am glad everyone is so happy during this holiday season.'
b'i am glad i am such a big part of the team'
b'i am glad i do not have those problems, would not deal with em'
b'i am glad jesus did not consider his safety a high priority before showing me hospitality and grace.'
b'i am glad manutd played liverpool when rodgers was in charge if we played them now we may well get humiliated'
b'i am glad that bitch died'
b'im going shopping today and do i have the money to go shopping today? nope'
b"im going to bed now. send me indirects or something cause they're nice to wake up to sparkles love you all, goodnight"
b'i am going to be tired as hell wednesday'
b"i am going to budapest today. i've never been, what should i do? playing tomorrow night"
b'i am going to do my first q &a so you guys can just post a question here and i will answer it in my video.. thank you smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am going to do my home work after this nap'
b'im going to my dear friends house for their birthday tomorrow with some nice ppl n i cant wait to see everyone :^)'
b'im going to school tmr in a messy bun and sweat pants bc who am i tryin to impress?'
b'im going to sleep early tonight bc im so tired'
b'i am going to start making videos again, because i have nothing to do smile'
b'i am going to start messing up my spelling more, because some of the reactions are so funny lol! love you guys face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am going to the doctor later bc my boob hurts & i did not tell my dad i said i am going to costa + i did not tell my mum either is that bad'
b'i am going to wait till after some of the girls show their date raffle winners to call them out for rigging their raffle'
b'im gonna break the snapchat streak, so you know its real face with tears of joy'
b'im gonna eat minion shaped mac &cheese to express my anger with how much i hate those little fuckers'
b'i am gonna finish my english homework and then probably stay up drinking wine and watching skins.'
b'i am gonna get off twitter. i am not in the mood to be happy that oaoa is released anymore pensive face i am still proud of you'
b'i am gonna miss the long bus rides, being under the lights and putting in all the time and effort with our seniors. love all you guys. american football'
b'i am gonna miss these long bus rides with my brothers smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i am gonna race wiz khalifa, not right now tho'
b'i am gonna stay up all night to finish my homework so i can sleep all day tomorrow'
b'im gonna take a long ass nap when i get home'
b"i am gonna take my phone and hope there's a plug socket in the cupboard so i can charge it"
b'im growing me own christmas tree in a little pot in my room from target that was a dollar so christmas tree'
b'i am half awake and i am working on my hmwk. whoo!'
b'i am happy at this point!!!'
b'i am happy because i am not searching for fulfillment in other people anymore. i am happy because i am getting better everyday.'
b'i am happy i hope parents do not kill it.'
b'i am happy now i do not need anything else for the rest of the week just updates of sungmin are enough i feel good and de-stressed'
b'i am happy that i do not always teach what i am told. been teaching first aid every year at school since i started'
b'i am happy that i found peace with everyone who did me wrong, nothing worse then holding onto negative energy'
b"i am happy that i've kept my faith becuz things are getting better. things are better... in every way"
b"i am having a costa and library day on tuesday. ash's mum and dad have brought me my favourite white chocolates and a costa gift card."
b'i am having so much fun reading through this face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i am heartbroken for the families that have lost loved ones, and the people of france. so sry for your loss. sometimes all we can do is tweet'
b'i am here but road side please meet me sir salman'
b'i am home straight broski real niggas can not die i am immortal face with tears of joy smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"im honestly really intimidated about reaching my goals but i know i'll make it one day."
b"i am hot and i feel like i am gonna throw up, so that's real great."
b'i am hungry! is it lunch time yet?'
b"im hurt i can not go see martin in january. like c'monnnnnn!"
b'i might jerk off it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.'
b'i might think too much, drink too much, stay out too late'
b'im ignored by many people.'
b'i am immortal. as far as i know.'
b'i am immortal in a dream'
b'i am immortal. you can not kill what has no life lol.'
b'i am in a car full of children'
b"i am in a happy mood and it's been a good morning and a great day so far"
b'i am in a happy mood in general lately but whenever i think about being around friends i get very irritated.'
b'i am in a happy mood today & no one is messing that up kissing face with closed eyes'
b'im in a love/hate relationship w everyone i just bring out the anger in people'
b'i am in a lovely mood anyone want a hug'
b"i am in a zone this year it's all fire. nigga check my attire. your worst fear is confirmed. your reign at the top expires"
b"i am incredibly annoyed that i am gonna have to sit through lunch during 4th and 5th this year. i'll probably just stay in class and be a nerd"
b"i mind this time last year when i was loving my driving lessons and couldn't wait to pass my test. now i hate driving!"
b'i am in love with 2 guys. but 1 is too old & the other is mentally not able to be in a relationship with me. fuck my life.'
b'i am in love with my bed. but my alarm clock will not let us be together | i just asked you that.'
b'i am in mood out and feel happy \xe2\x80\x94 feeling emotional'
b"i am in my dentist's waiting room practicing my lies about flossing."
b"i am in shock i can not believe this. happy that you're at peace. rip gabe thanks for always bein real \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i am inspired by women who do not give a fuck about societal norms'
b'i am in such a bad mood, sorry about it.'
b'i am in such a happy mood'
b'im in such a happy mood i want to jump off the walls rn'
b'i am in such a happy mood today smile'
b'i am in such a pissy mood that the only thing that would make me happy is if these flex rods made my hair pop when i take them out.'
b'i am in tears, look how tight they hug each other and how happy they are. do not ever tell me they do not care.'
b'i am in tears my sister is hilarious'
b'i am in the worst pain ever pensive face'
b'i miss being heartbroken \\3 i lost so much weight lol'
b'i missed my school bus good'
b"i missed shawn sing stitches on the red carpet bc i was eating dinner. now i have to shower so i'll miss even more of the amas ugh"
b'i missed this on 10/29 but every day is great 4 storage/serving system filled w/healthy goodness!'
b'i miss getting in the car with you not knowing where we were going just being with you.'
b'i miss going out in the rain with my bathing suit and umbrella to catch lizards'
b'i miss having fun with cote de pablo " " michael\'s just delicious " " so how much fun did i have last night? " kill me'
b'i miss laughing with you and having a great time with you.'
b'i miss marching season and the long bus rides that came with it crying face'
b'i miss music, being surrounded by people who love music as much as myself and dancing till i can not think anymore.'
b'i miss my cat more than anyone tbh'
b'i miss my fairy lights but i appreciate the fact that due to my bath bomb hoarder tendencies my room smells like a mild lush'
b'i miss my lil tan i had a few months ago disappointed face'
b'i miss my long hair white frowning face'
b'i miss my long hair more than anything face with cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'i miss the day we all got together and could go on a crazy dumb ass adventure, just watch tv or be idiots. happiest days of my life.'
b"i miss tweeting! soooo nice to be back! just wondering if ht of aldub still on top on those days i wasn't tweeting.."
b'i miss waking up in the middle of the night and rolling over and just falling back asleep on your big chest weary face loudly crying face pensive face'
b'i miss you but fuck you'
b'i miss you so much can not wait till you come to highschool loudly crying face smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x94 omg who is this'
b"i miss you so much loudly crying face i can not wait to see you again. you're such a good friend all the time & always a good person. i love you so much loudly crying face"
b'i miss you \xe2\x80\x94 thank you'
b'i miss you too lyss pensive face i wish i can give you hug!'
b'i mite bang the whole summer time'
b'i just want a follow from jake and a lovely tweet from him because he always makes me smile 24/7'
b'good \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c. i like children books most. done with love stories and motivational books \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3'
b'i am just 17 i do not need to be worried or stressed over a guy'
b'i am just a dad, and life is a nightmare.'
b'i am just a kid and life is a nightmare'
b"i am just a really sarcastic person and if you can not handle that, than we probably shouldn't be friends"
b'i am just happy the mv dropped today because my ass could not handle that in school i would be crying'
b'i am just happy the second season of charlie sheen finally started'
b'im just in a really happy mood right now'
b'im just laying in the dark loudly crying face'
b'i am just looking for a woman who knows how to spell " definitely " properly without spell checking'
b'i am just looking forward to this mac n cheese and this dressing face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b'im just one episode away from the 50th anniversary of doctor who im debating whether to just wait until after class to watch or stay up.'
b'i am just really sick and tired of being the only one my mom can depend on for money.'
b"i am just really sick and tired of people bitching about anime prices. it's not overpriced, you're just cheap and not willing to think."
b'i am just really sick of good girls with good intentions stress over boys who are not worth their time'
b'i am just sick & miss my boyfriend & want some meds like geez'
b'i am just so happy my friends and family are sending so much love and support for my baby shower tomorrow. baby h and i appreciate the gifts'
b'i am just so tired, i hope they let me off early because i just want to finish my physics homework and work on my papers'
b'i am just tryna finish my into the wild homework quick so i can watch jane the virgin tonight'
b"i am just tryna see jb cuz i've been a fan since literal day 1 and all you bandwagon hoes wanna talk like you even know my struggle :(((("
b'i am just waiting for it to be midnight so i can wish the bestest birthday ever. love you, loser! face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b"yea that's what i am talkin about, so king do not have school monday?"
b'i am kinda dead kinda alive'
b'i am lame but i am a part of the 4 % of the population that can pass this! lol.'
b"i am laughing cause he's trying way too hard. :l"
b'i am laying in the dark'
b'im laying in the dark because i can not get up'
b'i am like shaking and crying lmao and i need to put lotion on and like eat something omg i am just so emotional today i can not'
b'im like super excited about prom'
b'im literally gonna cry so hard at work bc its my work husbands last day loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i am literally so excited for christmas. like it needs to come faster'
b'i am literally so so so so so so so, excited to meet you two next sunday! i am screaming.! xx'
b'i am literally surrounded by kids that i hate in this english class ahhahahhahah'
b'i am living, when i am tied up its a done deal! everything gne be serious w/me & my significant other face with tears of joy but for now i am just foolin \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d'
b': laughing with your best friends is the best medicine.'
b'i am lookin for her too i heard she got a pretty face & stand up like a stallion'
b'i am looking forward for the dress shopping & food tasting.'
b'i am looking forward to dressing up and getting cute for smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i am looking forward to dressing up tomorrow but not breaking both of my ankles'
b'i am looking forward to making the trip downstate to watch and'
b'i am looking forward to many more novels by jen irwin "'
b'i am looking forward to the mac & cheese and the honey baked ham'
b"i am lowkey cause females ain't shit"
b"i am lowkey everything you need, you're just dumb right now."
b'i am lowkey siced to watch the game tomorrow lol'
b"imma gonna snap me trying to fit my fat ass cheeks in some jeans that are 2 sizes too small cause that's attractive, okay smirking face face with tears of joy"
b'imma need ajay to respond so i can release my frustration'
b'immaturity is a funny thing. so live your life blind and cover your ears. because ignorance is bliss.'
b"i am most looking forward to my mama's duck dressing this thanksgiving. as always."
b'i am never going to understand people who are desperate for ships to happen'
b'i am never gonna finish this homework'
b'im never in a happy mood anymore'
b'i am never in a relationship. always on that " just talking " shit, which goes nowhere weary face face with tears of joy'
b'i am never worried ab what the next person doing! what they got or how they living! i just worry ab me and focus'
b'i am not a big fan of except for but i am looking forward to meeting family. it should be interesting.'
b'i am not a doctor but i love prescription drugs. would i get a prescription pad or at least be left alone wit drugs?'
b'i am not a fan of the demographics to which i seem to appeal (creepy old men, middle-aged married guys, etc ). how do i fix this?'
b'i am not a fan so? man shitty lost too face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i am not a fucking criminal. you do not have to i instigate my every move. there's a fucking reason i left in middle school. fuck you both"
b'i am not a huge basketball fan but i do my home work.'
b'i am not antisocial, i just enjoy my own company.'
b'i am not a second choice/priority. or an afterthought!'
b'i am not a smart man but i know what love is'
b'i am not a weird creepy cougar. i am a tutor. i am a professional mentor. i am boring :3'
b'i am not convinced that could pass a turing test.'
b'i am not drowning. i am just swimming dramatically.'
b'i am not even a little bit ashamed for spending my (entire ) day watching criminal minds on netflix. it was fun. plus i want to get caught up.'
b"i am not even going to bother trying to dress up for school i'll just throw on a jacket and sweat pants smh"
b'i am not feeling good \xf0\x9f\x98\x94\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b"i'm. not going to get along with my chemistry teacher i do not like his ass already"
b'i am not gonna say " the girl who yelled \'gerard i love you! \' lmao me " no, that video fucking scared me, just imagine how they felt. jfc'
b'i am not hungry but i will continue to eat because i am bored and have nothing else to do : a saga by me, starring me'
b'i am not.. i am in a happy mood today!'
b'i am not in a happy mood today i should be in a happy mood'
b'im not looking for no type of relationship but if a girl who keep it all the way and can hold her own comes in my life ima keep her'
b'i am not looking forward to september... can not we just skip it? worry'
b'i am not okay but i smile.'
b'i am not positive all the time. being conscious and aware makes that impossible. however i am authentic'
b'i am not really a fan of one direction but made in the am is their best album yet wow'
b'i am not sad with myself that we lost i just feel heartbroken to see the tears on the seniors faces'
b'i am not saying i hate you. but i would unplug your life support to charge my phone.'
b'i am not sure if today is my last day at work or not.. lol'
b'i am not sure? talk me into it with the promise of free flowing football'
b'i am not talking'
b"i am not that friend you want to get caught stealing with lmao. cause i do not steal and i'll say i do not know you quick"
b'i am not the best student cheated over 6 times in test didn t do my home work 5 times in 1 year dind t go to school 11 times'
b'im not the one to be in your feelings with cause lord knows i do not give a fuck weary face'
b'i am not your five minutes cigarette break \xe2\x9c\x8b\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb5'
b'im off 2 bed tho i probs missed a lot and will miss more tmrw but gn i love jungkook + minhyuk + vernwoo + suwoong + dan min nik lyss + you black heart suit'
b"i am often told that i place too high of a priority on work than on people. well, there's not many people left to sacrifice for."
b'i am on a stupid android angry face'
b'i am one of the kids who laughs at the cool kids for not knowing what cool really is.'
b'i am one of those girls who listens to love songs and seems all sweet but is actually really sarcastic and has a bad attitude when mean to me'
b'i am only getting better'
b'i moved from the couch to the bed.'
b'i am over chilling like i do not have homework lolololol fuck school'
b"i am overexposed, while my brother's underexposed... which is whiter : me or my shirt?"
b'i am patiently waiting for your updates ms. author. sana marami ka pang story na magawa smile \xe2\x80\x94 thank you'
b"i am picturing liam looking sharp with a suit and playing fifa at the same time, and i think that's attractive."
b'important correction : she was not half spider she was full spider'
b'important to love, respect your body : anushka shetty'
b'im positive your coaches knew what they did wrong with the gameplan... youre not going to win every game.. mistakes happen'
b'impressed with stockholm airport. took my much too heavy first bag (no extra cost ) & my bike box (no extra cost ). see if it gets to ireland'
b'i am pretty sure i just failed my ap physics test'
b'i am pretty sure i love animals way more than people.'
b'im pretty sure miranda dreams in swedish bc everything shes saying is gibberish'
b"i am pretty sure sonny's dream is one of the first songs i ever learned. ron hynes : rest in peace, & thank you for the music."
b'i am probably much too late to try to apologize for my mistakes'
b'im proper looking forward to presentation evening but my dress doesnt sit right on ny shoulders and now im panicking ://'
b'i am quite pleased w my groceries. got fruits, veggies, nuts, non/diary, all things that make me taste so yummy.'
b'i am really attracted to guys name brendan " -brendan " are you turned on by yourself " -me " you have no idea " -brendan'
b'i am really excited for night class'
b'i am really excited to meet jack and jack in december'
b'i am really feeling good this morning. blessed to be up goodmorning \xf0\x9f\x8c\xa4\xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am really happy thinking about this ~*~'
b'i am really in my dorm laying in the dark listening to music loudly crying face'
b"i am really intimidated by my professor because she has her own wikipedia page and i do not think i'll ever be able to compete with that."
b'i am really intimidated by the ocean and all of its unknowns but the thought of landlocked states scares the life out of me.'
b'i am really intimidated by this bird'
b'i am really intimidated that you pulled over to fucking fight me'
b'i am really not mean, i am just really sarcastic & my sense of humor is really not for the faint of heart lol'
b'im really not okay today'
b'i am really sarcastic'
b'i am really sarcastic do not mind me and my faux rudeness'
b"i am really sick of it. of everything that hurts. no point of having a phone nor switching it on when there isn't anybody left at all."
b'i am sad and stressed so hell yeah i am buying something i do not need online'
b'i am sad no one is even in my room right now but i am happy cause i like the quiet when i feel sick'
b'i am saving big money on all my pet supplies from win petco gc'
b'i am sending jr ass to school with sweat pants on!'
b'i am shaking wtf is wrong with me'
b"i am shocked about how cold it is in lhs, because it's students have literally no chill"
b'i am shocked'
b'i am shocked & saddened to hear all black legend jonah lomu has died suddenly. my condolences to his family & friends.'
b'i am sick but i obviously hate myself bc last night i stayed up until 6am reading fics and being disgusting'
b'i am sick of love, but i hate to show it.'
b"cuz its just scrims we were just foolin around with specialists it's not like it changes the game that much im jk"
b'- cant answer this twitter'
b"i am sitting at dunkin ' donuts watching people just get nowhere in the parking lot. it's scaring me."
b'im sitting at village in with brittany wishing i was dead because in sad and tired lol this chicken sandwich was great though tbh'
b'i am skipping work to stay in bed with you all day. ( 12 photos )'
b'i am sleepy as shit but the house is full of children who i have to help watch for like the next 3 hours \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6'
b'i am smoke free'
b'im so ashamed that i laughed loudly crying face'
b'im so bad at keeping in touch w people. if we dont talk anymore just know i love you i just suck at communicating like a regular person'
b'i am so blessed... god thank you!'
b'i am so bored idk what to do and i need to finish my homework'
b'i am so damn hungry. is it lunch time yet?'
b'i am so embarrassed'
b'i am so excited about seeing richard wright play..'
b'i am so excited for really proud of you guys follow me please'
b"i am so excited to bring back next month - i do not think i'll be able to sleep tonight"
b"i am so excited to meet all of you in south america! who's coming to my meet & greet? face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes link -"
b'i am so excited to meet husband.'
b"im so excited to meet my p 'oun! we're gonna sing embarrassingly loud in my car on our food adventures smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i am so excited to see lexie and meet victoria face screaming in fear'
b'i am so excited to sleep'
b'i am so frustrated... i do not know how to release my frustration.'
b'i am so fucking excited to fucking meet and see today like can i skip classes and just wait outside webster all day'
b'im so fucking sick i hate this'
b'i am so fucking stressed i do not need this'
b'i am so full of frustration today i need some sort of release'
b'i am so funny lol :-))'
b'i am so generous with my credit card when i am drunk. generous'
b'im so glad i have a week long break for thanksgiving bc i could not handle school on top of bts dropping teasers and new music'
b'i am so glad i met you in middle school at a party! geometry last year with you was bomb. love you!'
b'i am so glad it never rains in the whee.'
b'i am so glad of her improvement'
b'i am so glad she came into my life \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am so glad we do not have school!'
b'i am so happy i can hug your new girlfriend hahahaha'
b'im so happy i could make lilly happy good i love her so mucj'
b'i am so happy i do not have school this upcoming week and next monday :)) 10 days of freedom'
b'i am so happy that people finally started understanding that dean is straight'
b'i am so happy that weekend is already started'
b"i am so happy you're coming back"
b'i am so heartbroken bruv. can not believe we lost to fucking west fucking brom'
b'i am so hungry is it lunch time yet um'
b"i am so hurt rn we're fighting"
b'i am so lonely lol. the only person who cuddles with me is my cat'
b'i am so lucky to have a bestfriend like you'
b'i am so mad at my cat for chewing up my ear phones because now i have to listen to these stupid fucks'
b'i am so miserable but i laugh at everything.'
b'im so nice to people even the ones who fuck over me butt god got me'
b'i am soo in love with my girlfriend! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'im soooo glad im black'
b'i am sooooo excited for really proud of you guys follow me please x3'
b'i am soo sleepy \xf0\x9f\x98\xad, i keep waking up & falling back to sleep.. just to stay up with my baby weary face loudly crying face'
b'im so peeved. i hate my math teacher so much'
b'im so pissed off i was gonna take mum for costa anf come out to her today but ahe was like come home'
b"i am so pleased with emma's party last night smile everything went great, food was awesome, guests were fun, lots of"
b'i am sorry but every time someone does some dumb shit i scream at the tv, " this nigga! " bad habit lol'
b'i am sorry, but the last time i checked, the girl is supposed to be more high maintenance. not guys. neutral face'
b'i am sorry for doing a slow clap after you told me your boyfriend broke up with you'
b'im sorry, i cant. cigarette break'
b"i am sorry, i do not think we've met. i would not forget a pretty face like that."
b'i am sorry. i love you so much and i never wanted to hurt you, ever. but i am not going to let that happen anymore.'
b'im sorry jesus has my heart smile'
b'i am sorry this made me laugh, great advice there gf doctor'
b'i am so sad like i played more than 100 for digi and i am only excited to meet one person. you suck'
b'i am so sensitive that i cry for everything but i am a mean ass bitch who can careless about you'
b'i am so sick of forgetting everything i hate this'
b'i am so sick of the whole " i am glad i had a childhood before technology took over " meme like you did not freaking watch tv or use a tape deck.'
b'i am so sorry if my crossing the street in that crosswalk was so offensive to you. jerk drivers!'
b'all it does it allow parents to release their frustration, distort the meaning of love & get short-term cooperation'
b'i am so stressed about school, i certainly do not need you getting mad at me right now.'
b'im so stressed about this interview tomorrow that im just not going to go because i do not need the anxiety'
b'im so stupid im always apologizing even when i dont do anything wrong like wtf'
b'i am so sweaty omg im gonna have to shower again loudly crying face'
b'i am so tired weary face hate being sick then this asthma shot on top of it loudly crying face'
b'i am so tired of girls using me for sex.'
b'i am so tired of people asking if i play for the lingerie football league. no no.'
b'i am so tired that i do not even feel like taking a shower'
b'i am so ugly i should just go to sleep and try again tomorrow'
b'i am so used to the west side post-graduation that i cant remember how to dress for the 28 degree game tomorrow night \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am starting to enjoy my daily trips to the post office. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling determined'
b'im starting to think commando was a bad idea'
b'im still back on the nay nay'
b'i am still feeling high and happy from the energy bath last night. what a fantastic group!'
b'i am still pretty star struck because justin bieber was in my presence last night i love him so much omg'
b'i am still questioning how oliver has still kept his cool with me bc my recent snapchats of me yelling are probably very annoying'
b"i am still sad that we're not gonna meet you, we were excited. \xf0\x9f\x91\xb6\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc"
b'i am still shocked that i have tattoos neutral face'
b"i am still standing yesterday today and forever. that's why we praise him."
b"i am still upset over the fact that i could have met ronaldo this summer sad but on the bright side it's a sign smile"
b'i am such a bad texter. i lose interest/get distracted way too easily. video chat, phone call, or nothing.'
b'i am such a boring person, smh'
b'i am such a great & happy mood today omg i love'
b'i am such a lovable person, & i mean no harm ((:'
b'i am such a smart ass that my butt got in to harvard.'
b'i am such a sweet ass person i swear. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am super excited for christmas and all, but i am ready for summer'
b'i am super excited for mia first thanksgiving turkey'
b'i am super excited i do not have to ever wake up to the sound of a crying baby, or wake up early to change diapers, or feed any kids.'
b"i am super excited to be cancer free y'all"
b'i am super excited to go to lush tomorrow, is that weird? lol'
b"i am super nice and sweet i swear i am but once you take it for advantage uhhhhh it's gonna be hard to see that part of me again \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i am supposed to film a commercial for an umbrella and it's not supposed to rain until the day that the footage is due. uhhhh."
b'im sure itll be awesome! and okay :). go paint those happy little clouds'
b'im sure roller blades are cool or whatever... but i hate them. you just look stupid in them'
b'i am surprised youre allowed closer than 100 yards from a school full of children'
b'i am sweating like a pedophile in a playground " -new favorite phrase of luis. you can not imagine how thrilled i am by this'
b'the holiday season - love the family time, hate the stress.'
b'i am the biggest picture hoarder, i love looking back at my memories and remembering how happy i was in that moment'
b'will do. we still have to go to pizza bogo'
b'im the only one in this whole place drinking a beer. lol'
b'i am the type of girlfriend that will lick your face when you are angry and trying to have a serious conversation.'
b'i am the type of person that wants to get good grades, but does not want to study.'
b'i am the type of person that will burst out laughing in dead silence over something that happened like three weeks ago.'
b'i am the type of person that will let everything build up until i can not take nomore, so when i cry, i do not even know what i am crying about.'
b'i am the worst at texting if i do not want you!'
b'i am thinking of making really sarcastic cards. maybe i should do that for a living.'
b'i am throwing my hands in the air like i just do not care (/\xe3\x85\x81 \xe3\x85\xa1 \xe3\x85\x81 )/'
b'im ti red and i didnt do any schoolwork this weekend i suck gnite'
b'im tired but ill probably be awake until 3am for no good reason'
b'i am tired of waiting for something that will never happen, ever.'
b'i am too busy growing my own grass to notice if yours is greener.'
b'i am too full of life to be half loved'
b'i am too high to give you a hug, can we have a meaningful stare?'
b'i am too immature to be a senior'
b'i am traveling internationally in january and i really do not need to or have the time to be stressed out in the airport.'
b'i am trying to have threesome with money and success face with tears of joy'
b'i am tryna see the other side that she hides with her eyes.. x. ess'
b'i am tweeting too much. i am sorry. i am gonna take a cigarette break.'
b'henderson for milner is a massive improvement. sturridge will score for fun in that side mate!'
b'i am up for a jog right now. if only i have nice neighborhood with no awkward stares and mga askal. persevering face'
b'i am up shiting early asf i never shit in the a. am " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dawg.'
b'im using 9 accounts now for voting bc why not 5sos deserves to win this fight! come on guys pls vote 5sos and bring back them in no. 1'
b'i must go like a page for me to look like ise a batty lord, just for one girl idk to get hair? vell chap my leg off and call me shorty'
b'i must say jessica and luke are hot like the freaking sun. i mean, wall sex? hell to the yes.'
b'i am usually asleep before 11 or around 11:15.'
b"i am & a 2year old boy was looking for his mom & i told my mom he's so cute i want a kid she's like idk if i should punch you or?"
b'i am was such in a shitty mood but now me and erica are gonna be together next weekend i got so happy'
b'im watching hdweuh when i get home'
b'i am watching and they are singing the theme song. this is beautiful.'
b'im watching the halloween bobs burgers and its even scaring me wth'
b'i am way too hungry for it not to be lunch time yet.'
b'i am wearing sweat pants to school for the first time this year'
b"i am well aware jesus does not care if i give you a discount on your church van rental. it's called"
b'i am wet sorry to be nasty but like come on he looks too good'
b"i am wide awake (katy ) \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3it's 2 am (ts )! but seriously though, i need to go to sleep now."
b'i am working on a follow-up editorial on what more can be done to prevent deaths of scooter and motorcycle riders and other traffic crashes'
b"i am working on me right now, if we have ties or connections, they aren't my main priority and i am not really sorry about it."
b'i am worried, i am stressed, i am confused but i have god that will make the right things happen so it will all be alright.'
b'i black heart suit my sched.'
b'in 2007 this piece of garbage was arrested for dogfighting but got off on a technicality. this time the dumb'
b'in 24 hours i will be in ny and in 48 hours i will be back in dc and in 72 hours i will be back to ny... nice'
b"in a bit of initially unplanned synergy, breaks down the crew's recent nfl slow draft :"
b"in a happy mood but i feel kinda guilty cause my step-grandad died today. mood isn't affiliated with that - but feel i should mourn instead tired face"
b"in a losing effort i see why is a finalist for 1a mr. football, he's legit. looking forward to watching him next year already."
b'in ancient times cats were worshipped as gods ; they have not forgotten this. - terry pratchett'
b'in and out in and out for a cigarette break like wtf your lip not cold'
b'in another life i would make you stay so i dont have to say you were the one that got away'
b'in a really good mood. happy friday.'
b'in bed with the love of my life'
b'in case you it has escaped your notice the last time... i hate being sick, i have no idea how to be sick, i am a melodramatic mess.'
b'in case you were having a bad day'
b'in conversation with deray mckesson via'
b"in costa coffee a wee kid at the next table has annoyed his big brother. mum demands he says sorry 'and mean it '"
b'incredible,,,,,, her parents must be so proud. smh'
b'incredibly excited for again with in colorado.'
b'inc *st the idea of calling someone you\'re sexually attracted to " dad " seems incestuous and gross.'
b'in delhi at a wedding with the beautiful soo pretty n soo charming n full of life as always'
b"the 19 year old baby should've got done for wasting police time ffs"
b'more hair then face. says who a brixit vote. or a few guys in rain jackets?'
b'not a problem for a tea drinker like me, but many of my colleagues would be hit hard by that.'
b"so long as she respectfully remembers, why should the colour be an issue. the poppy isn't a celebration, it's a warning"
b"we've got a fun two years ahead"
b'indian summer how joyous it is to have great weather and friends, to be able to play until there is no end'
b'this is. just being there with them helps too. you dont have to say a word. just being present goes a long way.'
b'indlu yomxilo (house where you hang out with friends and drink the whole time ) is vital for december'
b'useless for a rs 53/- os with a credit limit of rs 5 lakh my credit card is blocked, you know how to drive away customers!'
b'i need a better bag to carry everything in. i guess bc i am now an adult so i have to do silly things like business paperwork and taxes. boo.'
b'i need a boyfriend that can braid my hair & paint my nails.'
b'i need a charge up on the good ole phone'
b'i needa finish this homework so i can watch netflix'
b"i need a holiday now more then i've ever needed on"
b'i need a job or something tired of sitting in the house all day everyday sleeping face'
b'i need a more effective way to release anger and frustration.'
b"i need a sign or a symbol, i've overthought everything i can think of"
b'i need a sound bite of aisha tyler shouting " yuuuuuup " in that really sarcastic way from archer'
b'i need a video of the hug my dumb tv would not work'
b'i need december 10th to come faster'
b'i needed to hear everything i heard today i know i am gone be okay'
b"i need for more movie studios to follow wb's suit by investing in video game developing branches. particularly, universal."
b'i need help im addicted to young and beautiful how am i gonna finish my homework'
b'i need more sleep in my life'
b'i need motivation to finish english homework ew'
b'i need my house to smell like freshly brewed coffee at all times'
b'i need my nails done over already weary face'
b'i need some money. i should hit him up.'
b'i need someone to braid my hair lol face with tears of joy'
b'i need someone to start working out with me, like going to zumba classes and stuff'
b'i need something full of carbs for dinner tonight!'
b'i need something on my neck.'
b'i need the rally girls to do my home work like im tim riggins'
b'i need this in my room'
b'i need to be on a game show, i feel like i could win so much money lol'
b'i need to be sleep cause my ass gotta get up in the morning for work in shit sleeping face sleeping face'
b'i need to do my home work and get back in school and stop hitting that snooze button good thing i am not paying for these classes i would be'
b'i need to do my home work one direction'
b'i need to eat something'
b'i need to fight or kickbox or cry or something i need to release all this frustration'
b"i need to find a margarita place other than chuy's they're always packed out"
b"i need to find something i can actually freaking depend on. like when it's good, it's really good. but when it's bad, i want to kill myself."
b'i need to find something to do with this 4 hour gap between classes. rec center, maybe?'
b'i need to finish my chem homework'
b'i need to fuck. tbh. to slide my fat cock in a tight unsuspecting pussy and release all my pint up frustration in each passionate thrust.'
b'i need to get a waterproof case so i can facetime grey in the shower tbh'
b'i need to get my shit together.'
b'i need to get out my bed and do something but what to do'
b'i need to go see mocking jay pt 2 this weekend or i suck at life'
b'i need to hurry up & leave ain tryna be behind no school buses'
b'i need to learn this'
b'i need to put my phone in a whole other room in order to successfully finish my homework sleepy face'
b'i need to release some frustration.'
b'i need to release so much frustration toward s my art clas s im angry'
b'i need to release this negative feeling before it gets worse.'
b'i need to shower but i am so lazy'
b'i need to sleep... this thing really made my day! xdd'
b'i need to stop being shocked over uncompassionate, cold hearted people because they will never go away'
b"i need to stop handing out my credit card when i am drunk like it's candy on halloween. sober me is less generous."
b'i need to stop investing myself into people who could care less about me.'
b"i need to stop looking for shit knowing how my attitude is i'll cut up in a matter of seconds."
b'i need to take a shower so i can watch the amas'
b'i need to turn off my phone in order to finish the massive amounts of homework i have lol'
b'i need to watch out for who i say " i love you " too'
b'i need to watch tutorials on make up. i do not wear make up. i am 20 and people say i am 16. disappointed but relieved face but 16 year olds look grown than me.'
b'i need to watch what i say'
b'i need to watch what i say cause i always say the wrong thing and end up crying my self to sleep. goodnight face with cold sweat'
b'i need to watch what i say on social media now.'
b'i need to write something on paper, remember it'
b'i never ask for people to send me thoughts & prayers but, while sitting at starbucks a man standing behind me farted on my shoulder.'
b'i never doubted for a second that he was alive'
b'i never doubted glen!'
b'i never doubted glenn was alive'
b'i never doubted that character for a second!'
b'i never interact with the best ideas when you are bored, and i do not want to go to bed yet'
b"i never laughed so much during an interview and it's half 1pm i am probably wayy to loud omg"
b'i never laughed so much in my life'
b'i never liked popcorn until i got braces flushed face \xf0\x9f\x98\x82.'
b'i never not finish my food so tn showed me that i need to quit drinking lol'
b"i never played jsrf but my friend showed me the soundtrack before and damn, s 'good"
b'i never realized how easily i get distracted'
b'i never see turnbull selfies like this.. the general weirdness involved in catch a train in australia'
b'i never show soni any appreciation. not even a simple " i love you " but she\'s never doubted her place in my life. she knows she\'s important.'
b"i never thought i'd die alone, i laughed the loudest who'd have known?"
b'i never thought this would happen'
b'inexplicable because i am not sure how i can be shocked by their cold, unfeeling, inhuman reaction to innocent people yet again.'
b"in fact, i worry about the day that the opposition forms govt simply on the basis of anything but umno. that's real great policy there."
b"that's attractive lol intelligence. if she wasn't crazy she woulda been shot at by now"
b'\xe2\x80\x94to die by this. i am immortal, remember? " " d -dad... mom..? " jeffrey weakly spoke, his eyes half open as they looked both \xe2\x80\x94'
b"inhaling the second hand smoke of the beautiful mary jane, oh its a shame mary, do not think i'll ever love you again like i did."
b'in high school : takes time to get dressed college : wtf are jeans? did not i just have my sweat pants in my hand!?'
b'initial post earrings make for a unique, personalized gift. gotta look close to notice them!'
b'injured connor cook\'s " cookie o \'connor " act ain\'t foolin me ; just switch names & play & think i will not notice? -spiracy'
b'in just one year, went from an idea to a software platform that has attracted many'
b"{stops chewing a bite of bacon to give you a look } that's attractive."
b'as long as i am with you, you with me and we belong together, i always here to be your listener, soulmate, bestfriend,'
b"in la with someone so amazing, so full of life, love, compassion, knowledge, and spark. i couldn't be more grateful"
b'in lieu of work i may just drive around eating breakfast sandwiches and playing let the groove get in on repeat til i run out of road or gas'
b'just having a reallllly shitty day'
b"super fun 80's and 90's & more saturday night dancing in tri city"
b"in loving memory of luke hemmings he aint dead, but after seeing arzaylea's tweets, he's gonna be"
b"in loving memory of wendy ; she ain't dead i just love remembering this iconic predebut performance"
b'in madagascar its legal to marry 5 people... pack your bags janoskians, we\'re moving " -'
b'in making it in the " real world ". yeah the grades and shit get you there but at the next level personality and work ethic set you apart'
b'in miami working with gifted jazz students. a pleasure, but its hot down here!'
b'in michigan worry ha worst state ever for cold!'
b'in need of a cute girl to accompany me to the lightning game tomorrow night at 7'
b'in need to go to the hospital, this is not so good face with medical mask pero pa din! meh tiger face'
b'i no have enough money here to order pizza, goddamn'
b"i no longer pull the little hairs at the bottom of my hairline on my neck. maybe you're the one who gave me anxiety and stressed me out!"
b"in order for you to insult me i'd have to value your opinion"
b"in other news mockingjay is the best thing that's ever happened to me"
b'in other news, my cat is on my counter trying to pull the bobby pins out of my buns.'
b'in other news, my edges are laid, my skin is poppin and i am educated... shout out to my parents for these genes face with tears of joy'
b'in other words " who would win between a 13 -0 winning streak and 72 -win team with the goat " so stupid.'
b'i notice everything, but i keep my mouth shut.'
b'i notice you nervous. is everything ok?'
b'in our countries, fundamentalism will grow rapidly, not 4 the sake of serving ; rather to release frustration of injustices'
b'i now believe!'
b'i now own a sedu, babyliss and ghd iron. i have an addiction to ironing my hair. no shame, no shame face throwing a kiss'
b'in preperation for i looked at return tickets from to tokyo 1/7 to 9/9 n found a ticket for less that \xc2\xa3500'
b'instagram full of children fool!'
b'instead of love letters i receive warning letters, termination letters and outstanding payment letters'
b'in such a good mood today'
b'no get yourself on the plate ) unless you have smth interesting/amusing for me?)'
b'intel costa rica plant to add jobs, but co'
b"intelligent level of a these days. it's not getting any better guys."
b"interested in serving others more? here's a list of great ways to get involved and make a difference!"
b'interested in star trek comics? give this really interesting, engaging and amusing podcast a listen smile'
b'sucks this will never happen. oh well, i am sure michael cera is going to kill it though'
b'interesting and amusing story about a crazy post -cold war weapons hoax.'
b'interesting (and somewhat amusing ) take by on war on'
b'interesting, i find it amusing the gap will not close til 2133. so no point waiting then? smile'
b"interesting speech from pm last night. and gove very amusing. who'd have thunk it!"
b'international shaming campaign and a text from dead father via'
b"how is it abusive and controlling that he's angry and hurt his girlfriend cheated on him..?"
b'interview with the mary sue! so cool to see myself in a video. i wish i did not sound like a weird frog though xd'
b'in the area for the game, pop in for a taste of our chilli & pick a for tea'
b'you can not address the issues and have these tuff conversations then stay quiet and in the back round'
b'in the crib laying in the dark relieved face'
b"in the days when i've doubted everything, i've never doubted you"
b"in i play tv star dean sanderson. he's devastated his hit lawyer show is ending. this was its billboard."
b'in the house on ah saturday. laying in the dark watching movies. if i am not the lamest nigga man unamused face'
b'in the library on a friday evening so you know its real.'
b'in the middle of wanting to pass my a levels and wanting to sleep'
b'in the mood mag prepare ng food smiling face with open mouth'
b"in the movie, she is first seen by green leaves entertainment staff's member,"
b'in the past, i had particularly loved her smell she always smelled fresh, freshly washed or fresh laundry or fresh sweat or freshly loved'
b'in the time the teacher has been explaining this example i have looked over and understood all of class material today i hate being so smart'
b'in this generation your " nigga " has to post a picture with you just so you know its real.'
b'in this unfamiliar place, i am greeted by a stranger, a man without a face - lyrical genius there from dream theater'
b'in three words, how would you describe your best friend? \xe2\x80\x94 crazy loud and awesome'
b'in time like this, we need to focus on the bright side so here are some pictures i took this summer sun with face'
b'introverted awkward geniuses are actually very extroverted and eloquent when talking about their craft.'
b'invesdor reaches 10m \xe2\x82\xac invested through a huge thank you to each and everyone of you!'
b'investigators : pittsfield fire was intentionally set'
b'investigators : rescued greensboro teen intentionally set house fire'
b'investigators say rescued teen intentionally set house fire in multiple rooms'
b'investigators say this van was the 3rd fire intentionally set overnight in auburn'
b'investing 101: everything you need to know to get started -'
b'investing and all you need to know about it -'
b'investing in the future : why cities need to fund new animal shelters'
b'investing meaning i need to start creating my ideas. one at a time.. regardless if it ends up failing'
b'- seeking knowledge about gold? you need to read this article! -'
b'investors will need to keep a close eye on these major shifts in the sector'
b'nice to be back on twitter.. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'a lot is being done, every single day, more than i can even explain. takes forever but in the works.'
b'in your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.'
b'oh wow this is a big surprise... hope you do great things where ever you go!'
b"that's the point! there is no real surveilance, there is only data mining and scaring the crap out of regular people!"
b'i officially hate my life. and my schedule.'
b'ion got no hoes ion got a bitch \xf3\xbe\xad\xbb i am just sitting back getting rich \xf3\xbe\x93\xa4\xf3\xbe\x93\xa4\xf3\xbe\x93\xa4'
b'ion like foolin with that type.'
b'i only have one question this winter. will it be another year of the vagina coat?'
b"i only know two puerto ricans outside my family and that's ana and nicole and i love them bitches"
b'ion stress nomore & shit just seems to be getting better'
b'i, on the other hand, am wrapped up in my cardie, bare-faced & hiding behind shades with medium size bag..'
b'dinner remains a bargain ; 4 a family of 10'
b'iowa is 11 -0 and uni just beat the number one ranked team, what a day to be an iowan'
b'i paid off my credit card & " as a reward " bank increased my credit limit by several thousand! what?! this feels like irresponsible lending no?'
b'i paid off my victoria secret credit card and then they raised my credit limit loudly crying face why are they doing this to me?'
b'i passed the physics test from yesterday everyone failed... but i fail the easy ones everyone passes \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'i pee in the sink'
b'i played for seven straight hours last night and another four today after work and can not wait to play tonight. so, maybe?'
b'i posted a new photo to facebook'
b'i post what i agree w/ not what i am going thru'
b'i pray and hope everything i eat for thanksgiving goes straight to my butt and thighs.'
b"i prefer the candy store. it's huge. huge. always packed with people. and i'll stock up on boozy chocolates."
b'i pretend i do not care but deep down, i really still do not care.'
b'i pretty much hate being sick more than anything'
b'i probably failed this physics test but then again i feel like i did pretty good'
b'i prob love my bed more than anyone'
b'i promise i do not give a fuck.'
b'i promote all women who believe in giving great head on the regular'
b'is it too late to try and get involved?'
b'i put pbg in my senior quote so you know its real. all these other hoes garbage'
b'is a superstar in our business and has influenced thousands of journalists and credited with their success'
b'i reached a dead end with both dark souls and bloodborne because i am not good enough a player.'
b'i realized a big part of the reason i like thirteen ghosts is because of the title. it mean you do not know'
b'i realized that i admitted it like a day after the fact nd i was like freaking out bc i didnt even know and also i was just scared to be gay'
b'i really admire your maturity.'
b"i really be looking forward to dressing and mac n ' cheese on thanksgiving."
b'i really did not need an invitation to drink more coffee but'
b'i really do hate being sick i rather be at school doing all my work honestly'
b'i really do not care about a lot of things, but when i do care, i care too much.'
b'i really do not care_demirovato'
b'i really do not give a fuck about anything i promise'
b'i really do not have a life, i just go to work & school. have not been out since the summer crying face'
b'i really do not have a life outside of both my jobs & school'
b"i really do not know what i'd do without \xf0\x9f\x92\x8emy right hand woman \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i really do not need this. especially not now. i am already stressed enough and this is just making everything worse.'
b'i really do not need to be this stressed'
b'i really do not think i need anger management pensive face i just hate when shit do not go my way'
b"i really enjoy using i've used it to get my twitter account under control."
b'i really had fun last night'
b'i really hate being sick! ugh'
b'i really hate how my teacher will not round my 57 % up to an a'
b'i really hate ms. cagles class'
b'i really hate saying sorry. but when i do, i honestly do mean it.'
b'i really hope michael was all smiley today. i want to give him the most sincere and lovely hug and wish him the happiest birthday :(('
b'i really just love my class. you are all too smart.'
b"i really like bunk'd, i also liked jessie until they canceled it."
b'i really love my bed'
b'i really love road trips except for when i have to drive my jeep and no one offers up gas money'
b'i really missed wayne.'
b'i really miss la gregg \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2, damn bestfriend only if i woulda never went to neworleans you woulda never went to that party.'
b'i really need to figure out how to stop losing wallets full of cash tho. idk wtf is wrong with me.'
b'i really need to finish my homework'
b"i really need to get a dictaphone though because i usually get home and because i've been writing so fast i can not read it ha"
b'i really need to get off twitter and finish all my homework \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x93\x9d'
b'i really need to rant about something'
b'i really need to start investing in nice outfits for when i go out face with cold sweat'
b'i really need to watch what i say sometimes'
b'i really really cant wait for her new barfout preview her last one was super nice'
b'i really should get more sleep but i do not think i am going to. ah well, at least that bodes well for sleep tonight at the hotel.'
b'i really should sleep by now'
b'i really sick at this whole getting up thing'
b"i really wanna pretend like i do not care, but i can't."
b"i really want to go to the movies. it does not matter if it's with friends, or a date. i just want to get out of this house and do something."
b'i really wish i could of made that audition. feeling devastated. i wish their were more auditions.'
b'i really wish i had a cool group of friends to do secret santa with like in the perks of being a wallflower'
b'i recently realized i am attracted to seth macfarlane and i have no idea how to process this information yet here we are'
b'i redecorated my room and i am never leaving it again'
b'i reeeeeally fuckin hate this class!'
b'i refuse to hate myself because of my body. i am fat, i am beautiful. i have every right to be both.'
b'i refuse to join any union that does not offer (or strike for ) a more equitable wage reduction to be shared by all teachers'
b'i release any anger and frustration i have with life & i remember that life mirrors my vibration.'
b'i remember arguing for kane n lukaku, now i guess i dont have to say much'
b'i remember being 14 years old, and there was a new guy to cup racing. i was a dale earnhardt fan, an the rivalry was great though not.'
b'i remember being such a mess when we first met. i was lost, confused, heartbroken, and damaged'
b"i remember how, as an experiment, i once put a tooth that's just fell out of my mouth beneath my pillow and then go to sleep."
b'i remember how it used to be. i love you. i hate you. you call. i love you. never again.'
b'i remember someone commented that mam tina was too subtle with asking trudeau the question. come on please, she is a reporter'
b'i remember this one time when i only used 20 dollars on my credit card now ive reached my credit limit of 2000'
b'i remember those days... true test of character right there... lol'
b'i remember when nobody even knew who logic was when i would be listening to him in high school. love watching him get all this attention'
b"i reserved tickets for donald trump's ohio convention smile i can not wait to not go"
b"i respect honesty more than the make up you have on. tell me strait up and that's attractive to me."
b"i respect major general spider for telling the it's not a priority because there's no oil, there's no"
b'that, i agree with. you should be allowed defend yourself and your property.'
b'i rly rly rly rly rly rly rly rly dont wanna get back to school'
b"i rock kentucky blue on these hoes. ain't no bandwagon bihh face with tears of joy"
b'iron bowl... i can not wait to be reunited w/my frands'
b'unreal bullshit megamega bullshits the biggest bs ever thats all im writin take it personaly or take cup ofbritish tea'
b"yay, i so need to read all the backlist books i've got."
b'she wanted the turkey to be like the nyan cat and i had to draw the freaking cat and color it'
b'estimates power back on by 6pm... on sep 2nd! yeah, fast service'
b'is a good feeling when you have so much in comment with another person'
b"i said i do not kiss losers and i do not kiss winners/and i do not fight for honor 'cause we're all born sinners"
b'i said it 3 times so you know its real'
b'i said it b4... anger & hate is like pouring glue where oil is needed. they will slowwwwwwwwww you dowwwnnnnnnnn.'
b'i said i was going to be productive today, right? pffft, did not happen yet'
b'i said something really sarcastic and dad goes " i used to like you... " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i sat with & we talked for a long time. about pretty much everything. the words.'
b'i saw a really cool looking charr today in wish my character looked cool as well xd!'
b'i saw satan laughing with delight the day the music died'
b"i saw sum niggas make money rain today... well i wasn't jealousy i just switch on my umbrella"
b'i saw the girls like girls video and thought it would fit perfecting with secret love song pt. 2 by'
b'i say my life is like a dream, but i am fighting through a nightmare.'
b'i say things out of anger and i hate that i do it'
b"i say we shout out, jesus, son of god! i'd die for him ; he died for us!"
b'i say good books, but i am not reading any. just you, twitter. i am reading you.'
b'is right for you? learn more here :'
b"is coach blind or will withey be the first man of the bench soon? booker needs to be restricted until he can figure out this funk he's in"
b'i see 2 girls on my tl having a very awkward conversation'
b"i see and hear everything but sometimes i just choose to shut up about it to see who'll tell the truth and who'll lie."
b'i see his boners everytime he wears sweat pants to school! so im good! on his bulge! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i see niggas tweet the most out of pocket shit on here wtf be wrong with yall just put anything on the internet'
b'i see sunderland are pushing for a high finish signing danny rose, quality signing!'
b'i see very little in the way of " story " convincing you to buy a boring game. quite the opposite, in fact smile'
b'i send you all my love with this video thank you of your show which gave me wings! i love you riri \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i sent your father the in a nice case. you will receive them tomorrow the case is awesome i hope he likes it.'
b'i seriously love being with you.'
b'i seriously love this boy more than words can explain'
b'i seriously need sleeping pills or something.'
b'i seriously need to watch what i say pensive face'
b"is good to hear other people's problem.. because you will realise that your problems are small compare to them"
b"it's all opinion, man. i used to hold halo as my favorite franchise of all time, but boy was halo 4 a disappointment for me"
b'i shall not be set up for the kill tonight! face with tears of joy'
b'i shaved one leg and not the other because i am too lazy.'
b'i shaved one leg but got lazy and left the second one so one leg is smooth an the other is hairy af'
b'i shaved one leg this morning'
b'i should be sleep right now lol'
b'i should come to work tomorrow with the tips of my hair bright red and see what happens but i don \xc2\xb4t need more stressed over being told to'
b'i should definitely sleep. so damn tired. sleepy face sleeping face'
b'i should either try to get write for a while or go back to sleep'
b'i should fix my sleep schedule, does not do good for me'
b'i should go back to sleep better'
b'i should make a thread about why i love hansol vernon chwe but i am too lazy rn lol'
b'i should mess with my family family and grab some plates but after at home i be sleep lmao'
b"i shouldn't be on twitter rn because of twd spoilers but i am living life on the edge obviously"
b"i shouldn't have laughed."
b'i should probably buy some more books today, good :3'
b'i should probably go to sleep now but nah'
b'i should probably sleep'
b'i should probably try to get more sleep at night sleeping face'
b'i should prolly sleep now, tl weary face weary face weary face'
b'i should say : the house shelters day-dreaming, the house protects the dreamer, the house allows one to dream in peace. " ~ gaston bachelard'
b'i should shower tonight so my hair does not turn into ice tomorrow when j walk to the bus'
b'i should sleep'
b'i should sleep, but i cant. i really want to see the first \xe2\x9e\xb0\xe2\x9e\xb0'
b'i should sleep, im going to skip course tomorrow goodbye'
b'i should start playing soccer'
b'i shouldve just left school at 1:00 i hate this class young sleeping face'
b'i shut ppl out when i feel boxed in i carry my family troubles on my back'
b'i sincerely appreciate more than words can explain.'
b"i sing in the shower, sometimes i spend too much time volunteering, occasionally i'll hit somebody with my car, so sue me."
b'i took off 4 inches kt was at my butt crack'
b'isis does something terrible, and thrust of is that the american people have done something.'
b"isis has so much money that it's wealthier than several actual countries \xe2\x80\x94the group makes around million to million per day."
b'is it 1:20 yettttt.. ready for the weekend'
b'is it about kyungsoo? " " do not you like him or something? " " how did you know? " " please. you\'re not very subtle. " hist\xc3\xb3ria da vida do jongin'
b'is it bad i do not trust the lady making my cake pensive face so nervous about it'
b'is it bad that i am really looking forward to the banquet on saturday because it allows me to dress up?'
b"is it bad that i've been imagining a fanfic character as a really cute guy in my math class that i am really intimidated by"
b"is it chill to go up to a stranger and say 'you look cool do you want to go get drunk with me '"
b'is it fantasy that you put you life on twitter or is it release of frustration fun a place for you say things you can not say out loud or just'
b'is it legal to watch the big bang theory in the dark eating a jar of nutela 5 seconds of summer'
b"is it me.. or shouldn't lap tops by now stop freezing?"
b'is it too late to try'
b'is it too late to try the tampa 2 defense?'
b'is it true if this week inkigayo canceled?'
b'is it true that pain is beauty? does a new face come with a warranty? will a pretty face make it better?'
b'is it weird that " over my dead body " used to make me cry? juss the chorus thoo.. ha'
b'is it wrong to revisit a relationship if you know that person is moving in june?'
b"islam's not a religion, race, nor a state, they're a cult so we all be muslim they been practicing for 1000's of years, no room 4 them & usa"
b'goodnight beautiful did you enjoy your day today?'
b'i sleep with two knives in my room'
b'i slept all day today for no good reason weary face this love affair with my bed takin up all my time'
b'i slept so good it put me in a happy mood crown \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'is max in a happy mood?'
b'i smell like freshly washed pillows'
b'i smile at your text messages, it makes me happy when i read them.'
b'i smile like a complete idiot when we text.'
b"i smoked a lot of sky, i drank a lot of rain... : i've done a bit trawling and managed to come up with another han"
b'i smoke mid n big gas aint no shame face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i smoke too much but it is what it is no shame in my game'
b'is not easily relayed in at any rate, it has no place in'
b'is now confirmed! will be on the new movie of luca guadagnino black heart suit'
b'isnt it really infringing on someone\'s personal belief? like beliefs have " sell by " dates?'
b'isnt it weird how, everytime im about to do my home work, i always end up on images of one direction'
b"isn't nyquil supposed to make you sleepy or some shit? wtf bro."
b'i so agree. great way to start the day.'
b'i so failed my physics project'
b"i sometimes think about how creepy it would be if my cats were secretly intelligent they'd want to hang cheney and not snowman,"
b"i sometimes wish the britain would've invaded us just so we can have beautiful long hair like the ethiopians n somali"
b'i sorta explained my mental state to my psych teacher so he will not hate me for not having my paper in on time, if at all. hope he does not'
b'i sound so creepy in peoples dms im sorry but im not that typa person'
b"i spend all my lunch time in the library when my friend isn't at my department studying japanese i am so hungry but it's worth it."
b'i spent my entire childhood wishing i was older. now i am older... and it sucks.'
b"i spent several minutes yesterday having a serious conversation with someone about the theoretical size of speed-o -sound sonic's dick"
b'isp getting in the way of me streaming, never happened before and it is just a fantastic feeling smile minglee'
b'thank you my friend smile rob ryan just a smoke curtain, a fall boy, which is a shame as he can do wonders imho'
b'israeli colonel arrested in iraq while fighting in the ranks of ei'
b"i srsly can not wait until highschool is over & i've decided between the national guard and air force and i can gtf outta here."
b'is she swearing or is my tv being dumb unamused face'
b'issoot wherever you are come home baby so we can hug you (and comb your curls )'
b'is stress in the corporate world different?'
b'i started to photograh the process of making my cake for a blog post, and then forgot halfway through!'
b'is that a yes? lol i love him so much i cry'
b'is that some subtle way of saying you want a threesome?'
b'is the anger we feel at terrorists now similar to the anger that resides inside them? is hate the answer? or this -'
b'is the grass really greener on the other side'
b'is the rascal flatts concert tonight? at 21 he looks to have a lot of potential and can only get better, a good signing for the long term at villa'
b'is there a delay on a selena gomez performance? or is that just my tv being dumb?'
b'is there a difference between insane in the brain vs membrane? a subtle difference like schizophrenia and severe bipolar?'
b'is there a drown ur neighbours kids simiulator?'
b"is there anything actually more awkward than a school bus full of children pulls up next to you & they're all staring at you?"
b"is there anything fans can to to get this mess stopped sc does not deserve to be treated like this to pimp a newbie it's not right"
b'is there anything go jun hee does not look good in?'
b'is there anything worse than waking up at 7, falling back to sleep for a few minutes and waking up at 10'
b'is there a subtle way to tweet someone " when you get married can you please make sure it\'s to someone with a brain? "'
b'is this a business or a charity "'
b'is this after fansign? skaterber and look at the way vicsong took her phone from her pocket so cool'
b'is this the type of content that needs to be restricted in korea? bc i would rate that at are -16 at most lmao'
b'is this true in mo? " aspiring politician hopes govt leaves some women\'s rights for him to gut one day ".'
b'i still can not believe i am a video game character! i love being able to virtually change my look smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i still can not believe it's been 6 freaking years it feels like a year ago loudly crying face"
b"i still can not believe ive never had a boyfriend ahahah it's a good feeling"
b'i still can not move one! you were amazing last night! i love you! come back in mnl soon please!'
b'"... everything was all right, the struggle was finished. he had won the victory over himself. he loved big brother. "'
b'i still got in my fantasy football league!'
b"i still have not heard adele's new song?"
b'i still love me some though face throwing a kiss she always keeps it classy i hope her and moniece are good'
b'i still remember having a conversation with about how awkward i am ignore my face i was dying inside'
b'i still think its not a must to eat at lunch time eat when your hungry eeissshhh'
b'i still wear uggs and high school sweat shirts to class. judge me'
b'i still wish i could participate in the fry cook games'
b'i stress myself out for no good reason'
b'i study \xe2\x86\x92 i take the test \xe2\x86\x92 i pass it \xe2\x86\x92 i forget what i learned.. "'
b'i suck at texting unless : i am in a relationship with you - you are my mom - i need something - me and you are close as fuck'
b'i suddenly do not feel good so driving home should be great. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i suddenly love school'
b'i suffer from paranoid-schizophrenic indifference. i really do not care what the voices in my head are saying behind my back.'
b'i suppose i can just watch a hallmark christmas movie on this super fun saturday night'
b'having brilliant doctors in vancouver b. c who discovered what rare virus i had in 1982! much love'
b'i swear'
b"i swear 2k wants you to lose. up 16, get benched, sim and come back and now you're down 20. sweet unamused face"
b'i swear all i do when i am home is catch up on my sleep smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i swear ashley is such a sweet cutey?'
b'i swear dudes always start off sweet, sending cute good morning text & random texts throughout the day & then it all comes to a end lol'
b'i swear dudes will say anything to a girl trying to be sweet. shit do not even make sense half the time.'
b'i swear, every time i see her, i say how flawless that liner is! sweet glory!'
b'i swear food makes me happy bro like after i get done eating i am sad'
b'i swear sends me the weirded stuff face with tears of joy'
b'i swear he could be modeling hair shampoo one day. just look at his hair one direction'
b'i swear he so bipolar. confused face'
b"i swear he's so sweet sometimes hibiscus"
b'i swear i adore sweet moments ima sucker for those weary face'
b'i swear i am always sick it do not matter what the weather is... i hate it.'
b'i swear i be in my own world'
b'i swear ; i can never stay home at night.. i go crazy'
b'i swear i charge my phone like six times a day i hate life'
b'i swear i drink too much crown'
b"i swear if a girl messages a guy first that shows confidence and that's attractive"
b'i swear if anyone talks shit about baek im gonna beat their asses baek is so perfect'
b'i swear if comm bullshits me on this assignment'
b'i swear i feel so fat & lazy bc of what i ate yesterday. this workout kickn my ass'
b'i swear if i do not drink whilst flying i would punch everyone square in the face. except this sweet, sweet waiter of mine. bless your heart.'
b'i swear if you throw a couple of teens into a jolly jumper it gets crazy real quick face with tears of joy'
b"i swear i get distracted sooo easily lol it's bad"
b'i swear i had the weirdest dream last night'
b"i swear i hate that i can not understand him bc he's such a sweet little old man"
b'i swear i have the weirdest bf ever face with tears of joy'
b'i swear i just want real love \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f, a good career \xf0\x9f\x92\xb3, and a happy life \xf0\x9f\x91\xa8\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa9\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xe2\x80\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6.'
b'i swear i live at sweet chick.'
b'i swear i look like i just rolled out of bed... i slick did tho'
b'i swear i love the gym it lets me release all types of frustration i have in me'
b'i swear i am addicted to raspberry sweet tea. smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat thanks so much'
b'i swear i am a sucker for sweet talkers'
b'i swear imma crash when i get home. i am mf tyed. weary face'
b'i swear imma learn to play the guitar'
b'i swear i am not high... but i am seeing the truth with my third eye'
b'i swear im not high im just tired'
b'i swear i see him everywhere.. winn dixie.. sweet tomatoes and now here'
b'i swear i suffer so much with this performance'
b'i swear i think of so much shit in the shower'
b"i swear i will wait till how did we end up dvd is available here or i'll ask my tita from canada to buy me lol 5 seconds of summer"
b'i swear keyshia cole had everyone and they momma feelin come type of way'
b'i swear like 3 bitties up here got faux locs after me! i wanna say i inspired them'
b'i swear mrs. dunbach just whispered " i hate this class "'
b"i swear my anger be on a whole other level. mf's ain't seen crazy till they push me to my limit. that's g -shit"
b'i swear my cousin has the best ideas'
b'i swear my local gas station waits until i get gas, then lowers the price an hour later just to piss me off.'
b'i swear my spam account is the best thing ever'
b'i swear my taste bud is sick n tired of eating sweet shit'
b"i swear on everything if my parents buy me jb tickets tomorrow i'll cry tears of absolute joy face with tears of joy"
b'i swear people do not deserve half the shit i do for them'
b'i swear sleeping with your tshirt & your panties on the best feeling ever weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i swear sleep is more of a necessity in college then food is.'
b'i swear some of you guys are so fucking sweet and nice it hurts'
b'i swear sometimes i am too sweet tiger face'
b'i swear that them bitches, they can not fuck with you smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i swear this bitch takes a cigarette break every 10 mins'
b'i swear this kid makes me so happy'
b'i swear this me and rickey'
b'i swear this the funniest shit loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i swear to god if another 'choose one ' account follows me i'll shoot myself in the foot"
b"i swear to god. if i did not love my bitches. i'd kill them all."
b"i swear to god if knight try's passing the ball again i am going to lose my shit"
b'i swear to god ima do whateva it takes cause ima make it right fr'
b'i swear when a girl does not like you, she watches your every movehey bitch face with tears of joy waving hand sign'
b"i swear y'all, i will text you back faster and more often when i get a phone"
b'smiling face with halo i swear your my kind of people lol your chill and always full of life, i enjoyed smoking with you stay trippy kid!'
b'? - i swear your one of my most favorite people ever! your so sweet! love you girl? i am gonna miss you!'
b'i swear your sweet and all but no im legit all about my boyfriend closed lock with key'
b'is your commute a nightmare? here are the top tech cities w/ the most & least traffic.'
b'is your girlfriend angry? order from and make her calm. visit'
b'is your social media content infringing on copyright law? from'
b"it ain't nothing for me to do but to lean back and enjoy watching this hoe trow that ass back on me"
b'honeymoon will probably be in margate if we have to pay for it'
b'italian wine show in bottle stock photo, picture and royalty free image. image 44251656.'
b'in having chasing life withdraws so i freaked and then laughed when i watched that episode. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i talked with calvin johnson about the offense's improvement in their win over the raiders :"
b"it all comes down to where you fall on someone's priority list."
b"it already started during bts begins, jin's the one who's not happy everything is so advanced"
b"it also pisses me of that barca also lost 2 games this season but cause of benitez's shitty play style we drew so many easy games!"
b'i tanned this morning and i can feel my face getting more red by the minute'
b'it baffles me that there are still people who legitimately believe women are better suited at home. stop. please. zip up your pants. get out'
b'it became winter in one night. this is scaring me'
b'it comforts me knowing that i am not as creepy as social media lol'
b'it confuses the hell out of me when couples subtweet each other, like just freaking text/call each other and fix it damn lol'
b'it does in fact get cold in winter, why are you shocked'
b'it does not cost a thing to support your loved ones.'
b"it does not matter where we are as long as we're together, we'll always have a great time"
b'it does not matter who hurt you, or broke you down, what matters is who made you smile again.'
b'it drives me crazy when people are having a great laugh but talking in a different language so i miss out on the joke'
b'ayeeeeeeee jamming to leggoooo'
b'i tell myself " you can not eat until you finish this homework assignment " works every time... homework be done in an hour'
b'i tell you about these tuff tony ass bitches, bitches do not want me to put they ass out there how they was hiding face with tears of joy victory hand'
b'i text " hey, whats up? " before falling asleep so you know its real.'
b'it feels fantastic! in fact, it is a great feeling because you have just slept through the night, had a great'
b'it feels good when people tell me how much they love my work. i can not wait to drop this new shit for you guys.'
b'it feels hella good to finish this pile of homework i'
b'it feels nice to be back on twitter'
b'it felt so good to take that shower omg'
b"that's what most people do opening of college football."
b'it has absolutely nothing to do with innate character.'
b"it has been an absolute joy working with on i loved our scene in last night's episode."
b'it has been an amazing 24h, and am so blessed! thank you so much'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f the smell of freshly brewed coffee'
b"i think all the kids in my sister's 2nd grade class are hilarious only because i dont deal with them every day."
b"i think donald trump could be really good at running comedy central roast but that's about it"
b'i think facebook should deploy safety check for real madrid c. f. fans too \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'i think is right, george is plotting something should i be concerned? smile'
b"i think hardee's and then a 2 hour power nap before class at 9."
b'i think i can hear the pitter patter (jingle jingle ) of tiny teeny feet somewhere in the distance?'
b'i think i dreamed about waking up and doing things, followed by waking up for real and falling back asleep about 5 times this morning'
b'i think i drink too much coffee and probably also too much alcohol confused face'
b'i think i drink too much last night because i did not feel like getting up for work!'
b"i think i failed my physics test but it's a great day to be a buffalo here at haltom high school"
b'i think i failed physics history i was a good student'
b'i think i got a little too drunk last night. but it was so much fun.'
b'i think i laughed a little bit to hard at the end face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b"i think i'll do that in my next relationship. just send love letters and poems every once in a while"
b'i think i love you lol'
b"i think i may have reached the point in my life where i need to start investing in jewelry that isn't from forever 21."
b'i think i am glad i am not watching the today.'
b'i think i might bang the whole summa time. top down in the winter yea the summer mine.'
b'i think i might bang the whole summer time'
b"i think i might bang the whole summertime, top down in the winter knowing this summer's mine"
b'i think i am in love hehehe...'
b'i think i am making the jags my fourth string favorite football team. i have to balance my ari, min, ne fandom with disappointment.'
b'i think im sick. i hate this shit mann.'
b"i think i am the only nigga i know that does not own a pair of timbs lol. it's too hot down here for that shit"
b'i think i need to go get my gorgeous boyfriend and celebrate! < ;3 < ;3 < ;3'
b'i think i need to go get my gorgeous boyfriend and celebrate! 3 3 3'
b'i think i need to watch what i say a little more'
b'i think i should charge my phone now cause baby is taking me to disney \xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x8f\xb0\xf0\x9f\x91\xab'
b'i think i should sleep early tonight since ive to do sth and wake up at 9 or my new semester will be a failure'
b"i think i think too much so ima stop thinkin. i think i drink too much i ain't gon stop drinkin."
b"i think it's a blessing to have a few life obstacles.. it not only helps you grow, but it makes you appreciate your good days so much more fallen leaf"
b'i think it says something when a truck load of artist vibe to your music. i am talking rock, rap, hip hop, metal, etc. its really cool.'
b'i think its consensual'
b"i think it's funny that i come home from college to get in trouble over dumb shit. like having the tv on too loud face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'i think its funny when i drink too much, hey'
b"i think it's hilarious when my sister blocks me just to tweet mean stuff about me and thinks i will not be able to see it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i think it's inevitable can a man pamper a woman without her getting spoiled? or is it inevitable?"
b"i think it's so funny how people try to drop in when they think you're most vulnerable lol."
b'i think its time to bring back the rick roll'
b'i think its time to get some more tattoos'
b"i think it's too late to try again"
b'i think it would be nice to show you the most recent banner i made for the wsj without the type. take a peak!'
b'i think my cat is trying to assert his dominance and tell me that my new bed is his'
b'i think one of my favorite comments i got on commissioned art is " he\'s got a front butt what "'
b'i think needs to read this new york times editorial = mr. romney reinvents history'
b"i think is the next single from featuring just look britney's last tweet"
b"i think that's exactly the difference she's pointing out. beat writers do face real consequences when they become critical."
b'i think the muppets tv show is kind of dumb but i would watch it after that commercial'
b'i think been listening to cause i cant shh just got on &'
b"i think the wording in this article should have been changed 'worse ' implies that it is negative behaviour."
b"i think this is the best picture i've ever seen face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f 5 seconds of summer"
b'i think we can all agree that this is one of the best ideas ever'
b'i think we do not have school tomorrow.'
b'i think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.'
b'i think is the best knifer on this game so far face with open mouth'
b'i think you should sleep and crush your exams.'
b"i thought about it but you're not 18 yet so i do not want you to like get caught up at all loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'i thought i could deal with the inner pain but that on the outside hurts far more.'
b"i thought i'd go back and appreciate my nerdy ass middle school self"
b'i thought i had a credit limit on my vs credit card, turns out i have smiling face with heart shaped eyes but fuck that, im done using that shit for now lol'
b"i thought i knew what i was doing on this physics quiz but we're reviewing and i. failed absolutely"
b'i thought it was impossible to love zendaya more but seeing her stand up for her parents just made me so proud.'
b'i thought jon snow was dead and i had to move into season 6 with only one fav alive - tyrion lannister grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"it hurts my feelings when i am being talked down to... especially when it's from someone i love... pensive face"
b"it illuminates me when people come to me for consolation. it makes me appreciate the fact that i am a people's person and that's a blessing!"
b'it. i am done dreaming, hoping, getting hurt, & letting the cycle repeat. this point i am at is beautiful, things make sense & i can breathe heavy black heart'
b'it is a good thing that france and russia come closer in fighting this evil. even better if the us & uk and arab countries can join.'
b'.. it is a large performance advantage. just like golfers choose one driver over another. they still perform within parameters.'
b'it is an interesting first hunt story and i am so glad my dad was there to help me out'
b'\xe2\x80\xa2 it is as if a nightmare has come to life \xe2\x80\xa2'
b'it is happening! planning to do the in 2016!'
b'it is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed " - theodore roosevelt'
b'it is ] he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof [are as grasshopp'
b'it is mostly used to disregard legitimate behaviours/feelings that girlfriend has. she\'s not " psycho " simply for being angry or needy etc'
b'peace symbol " it is never too late to try and it is never too late to talk " \xe2\x98\xaepresident final address to the u. n. 1963'
b'it is not a radical idea to say that a single mom should be earning enough money to take care of her kids.'
b'i hate them i get sick of them just by the smell'
b'it is really bad that some so called top officials are speaking out right lies. biden you drink too much. terrorism is islam right now.'
b'it is such an amazing day outside'
b'it is that an individual can be successful by domain sale! ws'
b'it is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little. do what you can.'
b'it is the struggle within arab and pakistani sunni islam over whether and how to embrace modernity, pluralism and women\'s rights " (2/2)'
b'it just makes me not want to go anywhere until i finish stupid ass homework just so you would leave me alone'
b'it just now set in that we do not have school for the next week'
b'it kinda sucks that this semester is wrapping up because i get along with everyone in all my classes and my instructors love me'
b"it'll be okay, if we are together.. black heart suit"
b'it looks like a pretty good day to be out on the boat'
b'it looks like i forgot to sunscreen my ears and feet...'
b'it looks unpleasantly cold in stillwater tonight. would not be shocked if baylor starts off slow'
b'it makes me really sad that my bf has a stupid android and can not see this emoji. this emoji is life'
b'it makes me sad & angry when i from trans men that they can not find girlfriend cos of their genitals.'
b'it makes me sad that i feel like my parents are never proud of me.'
b'it makes me so happy that things are slowly getting better'
b"it may be too late to try and come back into my life, but it's never too late to apologize."
b"it not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know. 179 i vote 4"
b'i told a boy in my english class to stop making rape jokes'
b'i told him that i love him, im not sure if he heard the roof was pretty windy and he didnt say a word'
b'i told my mom i am broke and starving last week, and today still dololo cash. cues no love'
b'i told this girl lets get naked and she said " which palette " my nigga that curve hurt my soul'
b'i told vader not to take luke swimming. then he got pushed in the pool. did not end well.'
b'i took this test today in math and i got an a+ and im freaking out because thats the best ive ever done on an algebra test!'
b'i took today off to do my home work but i just got called into work weary face'
b'i totally failed my physics exam today.. face with tears of joy'
b'i totally failed that physics test worry too bad someone stole or i lost my notebook lmao'
b"i touched the props when i wasn't supposed to."
b'it really made my day..'
b'it really makes me sad that i can not just throw on a sweat shirt and leggings for school anymore'
b'it really sucks being talked about and judged for doing what you love'
b'i treat my cat like a girl even though hes a boy'
b'i tried a sample of tea from teavanna and it was spicy!'
b'i tried fantasy sports this weekend. my 8 players were projected for 108. 4 pts but only got 62. 2. sad i suck.'
b'i tried to get her to be fun with me.. but yk... she loves me i swear'
b'i tried to take a cool picture of my eye but i failed miserably + my eyelashes look so weird & all over the place'
b'i tried to transition to natural and failed twice... could not handle my hair at all'
b'i truly appreciate real people. those that are kind of a big deal, but they do not know it.'
b"i try my best to bring joy to people cause you never know who's having a bad day"
b'i try to keep a happy mood but yall bitches irritating'
b'its 10 and still havent started on this assignment'
b"it's 2015 and dudes are really intimidated by strong independent women. i need one of those to keep me on my feet and make me better."
b"it's 5:43 am i keep waking up and falling back asleep and now i can not sleep smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"it's a beautiful day smokey in it's friday"
b"it's a bit sad how good i've become at penny pinching... but it's also quite an impressive skill"
b"it's about to be shark week so if y'all do not want to get caught in the wrath then stay tf away. zipper mouth face"
b"it's actually not scorching hot down here for once. it'll probably turn back into hell soon tho"
b'its a damn shame that its easier for me to smoke at work than at home'
b"it's a fantastic feeling when your best friend ignores you and replaces you with someone new"
b"it's a good feeling especially when you win the game the way we did, playing strong for 60 and staying patient"
b"it's a good feeling knowing i'll be home in a month"
b"it's a good thing arsenal are busy in the transfer window isn't it"
b"it's a good thing i do not have school this week because i am going to need all week to recover."
b"it's a good thing job applications do not time you. i'd be screwed. i get distracted too easily."
b"it's a great feeling knowing that you are doing good in someones life for once."
b"it's a great feeling when your parents come home from the grocery store and now the fridge full"
b"it's a great start of the day winking face"
b"it's a great week to be a truck fan. looks like the is happening!"
b'its a hot day in boone, which means the class without ac is muggy, so why is this girl wearing long pants and a knit scarf?'
b"my science teacher said this to us the first day of school. but he's also really sarcastic and funny and i honestly love him"
b"it's a little too late to try and turn back now"
b"it's all about connections, talk about why on"
b"it's all about today at but all good as always"
b'it\'s all about punctuation. " eat me a **hole! " says i am a horny pirate. " eat me, a **hole! " says i am just a jerk.'
b"it's all fun and games till you get burnt"
b"it's all fun and games until someone loses his hands, both legs, all his hair & is horribly burnt by molten lava."
b"it's all fun and games until you remember the person you were from 2007 -2010."
b"it's all fun and games until you see a picture of what you looked like in 6th grade."
b"it's all fun and games until you see a picture of yourself from when you were in 7th grade"
b"it's all fun and games when you have to give your patients injections but not when it's your turn loudly crying face"
b"it's all good on the texans ' front today. they're watchable again, from"
b"it's all hot down here in marble falls."
b"it's all mad when people act like they're fat shaming for the good of the overweight person.. how comes you lot do not smoke or drink shame?"
b'its all these corny ugly bitch that wanna beef wit me neutral face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face \xf0\x9f\x98\xadbye bitch smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"it's almost a shame to smoke this. it's like killing a unicorn... with like a bomb."
b"it's almost lunch time hungry? best linkz in town"
b"it's almost the most wonderful time of the year \xf0\x9f\x8e\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'it\'s almost time to say " hello " to and on super excited!'
b"it's always a hilarious time when i go out to eat with my mom and sister."
b"it's always fun puzzle piecing the night before"
b"it's always nice to come home, where the smell of freshly baked pastries. we suggest you learn how t"
b'its always nice to start a day by waking up early, get breakfast, then falling back asleep until lunch.'
b"it's always packed in here, ugh"
b"it's always your job as a girlfriend to encourage your boyfriend to do positive things."
b"it's amazing how the art of defending is constantly over looked by the need to play attractive free flowing football"
b"it's an absolute joy to watch draymond green play. if curry is the guy on the team (which he is ), green is 1a. he is that important."
b'i might have smile and thank youuu \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5 literally my school work today smile'
b"it's a new dawn. it's a new day."
b"it's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me, and i am feeling good sparkles"
b"it's a party in the usa black heart suit miley cyrus"
b"it's a pleasure spot mos do not lick my ear! yuck"
b"it's a real shitty day"
b"it's a shame because our last name is the same, that blood type flowin thru our veins is the same"
b"it's a shame my own gf does not wanna smoke this meth with me weary face weary face"
b"it's a shame when people have some dope glass but smoke nothing but reggo"
b"it's a song bro. you know some of us re bo mr romantic ankere? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"it's a super fun night and everyone should come \xf0\x9f\x8e\xad\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa8"
b"it's august. why the hell is it so cold?"
b"it's awesome waking up this morning knowing that clemson is has the longest winning streak and has the best player in college football"
b"it's awesome when boyfriends are more important then bestfriends"
b"it's bad enough insulting another artist about things that aren't relevant to talent, but using gay as an insult is disgusting"
b"it's bad enough to beg for attention but begging for negative attention is way worse."
b"it's beautiful outside"
b'its because about 4 -5 days ago i got a 3rd degree burn, ive been trying to treat it my self and long stroy short.. thats mad me really sick.'
b"it's been a busy couple of months in the market. sam sivarajan tells you what you need to know in a market slowdown"
b"it's been a great day today!"
b"it's been a long few weeks for fans, but finally they have an answer"
b'its been a long time really *. *'
b"it's been an extraordinarily good day arsenal lost man shitty lost real lost humiliatingly at home and of course won"
b"it's been a really shitty week but i still find myself happy at the end of the day"
b"it's been a totally stressful week in lagos! come and detoxify your spirit, mind and body!"
b"it's been a year since my only sale. prepared my whole life for it. the only real talent i have has made me a whole 00."
b'it\'s better to be at the bottom of the ladder you want to climb, than at the top of the ladder you don\'t! "'
b'its better to be corny than to insult others to be funny'
b"hope i do cause i'd be shocked i am awful at physics face with tears of joy raised hand with part between middle and ring fingers"
b'i am not creepy lol'
b'it scares when you lose your bestfriend and becomes from the strangers.'
b'report this shit'
b"it's cool coming home and having a fridge full of things i can eat tho"
b"(it's cool if you like sao. i do not actually look down on anyone for their media choices. )"
b"it's crazy how few people use facebook, people used to have hundreds say happy birthday to them now i usually just see 20 at the most"
b"it's crazy how quickly you can go from being excited to talk to a person to feeling like you're forcing the conversation."
b"it's crazy how someone can be your bestfriend one day, then the next day they continuously talk shot about you. it's whatever tho. waving hand sign"
b"it's crazy how you can give everything you got to someone and they could careless about you"
b"it's crazy! i can get 25000 twitter followers just 1 day! visit here and discover the secret."
b"it's crazy that in n out is always packed"
b'goodnight beautiful, i hope you had good day today n i hope you have a good sunday tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes follow back'
b"it's days like today where i feel sexy and i go to dance class and i see myself in the mirror and i think"
b"it's dead ass still hot down here. it's still 70 degrees out right now lol."
b"it's delicious, can not wait to try it heated up in the oven... with a bit of t -bone steak."
b"it's depressing to watch the gas prices rise as i drive home pensive face"
b"it's difficult to find a woman worth pursuing, now days women seem careless. know your worth, respect yourself. that's attractive."
b'its early and the neighbors are getting rowdy'
b"it's early but still you're such a good friend but to me more then a friend i hope you have a great birthday"
b"it's easy to give into fear, hate, and anger true nobility is staying true to who you are despite how much easier the other option may be"
b'it seems all week it will be raining everywhere as it has caused flooding around and this is not so good this term'
b'it seems as though things are escalating in san diego, so please everyone stay safe'
b'it seems like after yesterday they decided to all of a sudden vote again 5 seconds of summer'
b'it seems like cats never forgot the fact that they were worshipped as gods thousands of years ago'
b'it seems too early for this to be called an instant classic but gophs/unlv is all that.'
b'fear is the path to the dark side. fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.'
b'it seriously feel like i live in a house full of children'
b"it's everything you love to hate about modern day feminist."
b"it's extremely difficult to hold back the flow of feelings now... more for pisces"
b"it's finally fun to be a fan again. it's been a while. is the future."
b"it's finally hot down here"
b"it's friday.. i should just sleep my problems away"
b"it's friday muhfuckasssss! lol little late to the game but making it regardless hahaha."
b"it's friday night and all i am doing is laying in the dark and watching all of the videos..."
b"it's friday night! everyone's as happy as they're gonna get! be lovely to each other. that's all 99. 9 % of us want. be love and love will win"
b'its friday ppl get up! all the wr0ng ppl are up trying2 stress me lol its a beautiful day in the neighbor h00d in my mr rodgers v0ice lol! lol'
b"it's fri -yay & we've got 500 + craft beers to get your weekend started the right way. join us for happy hour!"
b'its fucking xp weekend and everybody wanna suck dick and go try hard'
b"it's funny i never see bama defending these clowns but they damn sure love them some bama"
b"it's funny. over 1000 connections across multiple social media networks. and i can not find anyone to talk to."
b"it's funny when girls get kicked out their house for loosing their virginity face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"its funny when someone talks about how sad & depressed they are about their relationship then the next minute that's the love of their life"
b"it's getting better! i am looking forward to one more night of catching up on sleep and then streaming again! how are you?"
b"it's getting better. it's still a pretty surreal experience, so you just take it day by day and earn your spot."
b'" he drank warm shower water? making it so hard to love you, dad. "'
b"it's getting really hot down here in aus"
b": i couldn't tell you the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone."
b"it's going to be a great day"
b"it's great"
b"it's hard to see at first but i agree with him"
b"it's hard to wake up from a nightmare. if you aren't even asleep. art for life"
b"it's hard watching someone you've known your whole life completely destroy themsleves, because their heartbroken and lost."
b'k let me kno you do not need to be stressed out yet!'
b"it's high time that women's rights became"
b'its hilarious how he blocks his sister and thinks absolutely nothing of it.'
b"it's hilarious listening to kareen argue with his sister"
b"it's hot down here"
b"it's hot down here and i have work to do for this period that's due today. can we go back to class?"
b"it's hot down here. then again, it's hot up there now isn't it? oops. turns out climate change was actually real. my bad."
b'--it should be. great place but the fake smiles only suggest to me that i am not really welcome just my money.'
b"it's husky hate week! post everything you hate about uw and everything you love about wsu"
b"it's is like men may fuck up more buh i am tellin ya the shit females do now a days shit wild"
b'holy shit james smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"it's just after 10 and i am already feeling good"
b'its just been a shitty fucking day. im gonna go take a nap or something'
b'its just hot down here lol'
b'it\'s just not right. " jason hatcher attributes penalties to " redskins " team name :'
b'absolutely gorgeous girl, id be a happy man if i was your boyfriend xx'
b"it's kind of my goal before i graduate to knock a kid off a scooter when they decide to cut traffic by driving in the bike lane. unamused face"
b"how's the play going smile"
b'its late and its still so crowded. _.'
b': you miss me, but you do not even try to talk to me? okay. ". /3'
b'its like loosing ur virginity all over again.'
b"it's like swimming against the current. it exhausts you. after a while, whoever you are, you just have to let go, n'the river brings you home"
b"it's like the freaking euro cup."
b"it's literally 35 degrees inside my house loudly crying face i am so cold"
b'its lunch time and im not hungry at all. this isnt me confused face'
b"it's lunch time! download wfp's new app & w/ hungry children :"
b"it's lunch time face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9, nah fr i am hungry"
b'yes just another way to say it, i need to see it one day!'
b'the one by my house is like a club honey, always packed expressionless face'
b"it's midnight. i did not do any homework this weekend. tomorrow's gonna suck. i am gonna get yelled at for not doing homework. i am tired"
b'a lot of people just do not want people back if they were evicted. has nothing to do with who it is.'
b"its my birthday bitches... who's gonna start sucking my dick and who's gonna start sucking my balls?"
b"it's my only saturday night off and there's really nothing to do. unamused face"
b"it's my puppies first time she's been in snow and she did not realise it would be cold on her paws and she looked so shocked face with tears of joy face with tears of joy too cute face with tears of joy"
b'so proud of you raye! been watching you since you first started your yt. and i am happy to see your dreams become reality face throwing a kiss'
b"it's my senior year i do not need to be stressed out about shit"
b"it's nearly christmas so it's time to bring back this legendary video."
b"it's never too late to try smile"
b"it's never too late to try and try again. want to lose weight? start now. want to run faster? get running!"
b'its never too late to try harder'
b"it's never too late to try something new : discover more ideas on pinterest."
b'its nice to be back!'
b"it's nice to be back in rochdale"
b"its nice to be back in shepherds bush even if it's for 2 nights"
b"it's nice to be back in twitter world. 3days akong nawala sa twitter world"
b"it's nice to be back onto such active followers and notifs blowing up! you guys are amazing! kissing face with closed eyes - ashley"
b"it's nice to wake up in the middle of the night & hear my soulmate snoring on the phone next to me. i cant wait for the day it's him instead"
b'i miss this so much loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f thank you for everything god i love you.'
b'when you wish you were cool enough to to be in the gc'
b"it's not about beauty, men cheat bc they do not respect/value women and feel entitled to as many women as they want."
b"it's not about how much you can earn, but rather how much you can learn."
b"it's not a good feeling when you have nobody to ever talk to"
b'its not because i have all the material things that money can buy does not mean i am happy current mood'
b'its not being lazy its the rush i get packing for college'
b"it's not even a question. that team is full of children. no maturity whatsoever"
b"it's not even december yet but i do not care - christmas is almost here and i can not wait. 29 days until i am back in sunny yorkshire 3"
b"it's not even that hot down here today tbh"
b'its nothing wrong with her light completion its shit like this that creates the stigma placed upon dark skin females'
b"it's not like i do not love andrea, well maybe but i really need to go to bed if she wanna see a minimum awake cat face with tears of joy goodnight kissing face with smiling eyes"
b'its not only the fans, even we are all glad to be back on the show " - sanaya irani barun sobti & sanaya irani'
b"it's not so much about what happens to you ; your true test of is determined by how you respond."
b"it's not the right move. at least not right now."
b'its not ur fault anyway you dont have to say sorry it was me, im the one suppose to say sorry to myself for felt in love with a bastard like you'
b"it's not you bro. kids went back to school, people take overtime for gift giving season. do not sweat it, celebrate progress"
b"it's obvious you're meant for me every piece of you, it just fits perfectly - secret love song by little mix"
b'its official. the internet has made every conversation with a person feel like youre stuck driving behind a city bus.'
b"it's official, when i get home from school i am sleeping till thanksgiving."
b"it's okay i did not wanna talk to you or anything."
b"it's okay tho it's not like any of my friends are at school today"
b"it's one thing to love somebody... it's another when they love you back."
b"it's only the beginning of the quarter & i already feel like i am drowning in homework. face with cold sweat i guess missing the first day wasn't the smartest"
b"it's our godforsaken right to be loved, loved, loved, loved"
b"it's possibly a little sad i am getting so worked up about the idea of a weekend. i am not horribly overworked, i just suck at life-balance."
b"it's pouring rain in good it's a sweet symphony of sounds & smells how sweet the first rains of the season are."
b'its quarter past 1, i am in a sweat, can not sleep for the life of me and i am up in less than 6 hours for school, kill me now tired face'
b'its raining again -_-'
b"it's raining cloud with rain weathers gonna suck this weekend weary face"
b"it's really not the story you want to tell ; it's the story they are willing to hear."
b"it's really scary when you start getting really sick without your parents close \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7"
b"it's rediculously hot for 10:30 in the morning.. good thing i am going to the beach today!"
b"it's sad how much i love my bed"
b"it's sad seeing someone try so hard to get the person they love genuinely love them back."
b"it's sad we all waste our time with school when half of this shit is something we do not need. it's depressing we get stressed for no reason"
b"it's seriously hot down here. it's 77 degrees."
b'its seriously so funny how i get accused of having all these hoes when i literally talk to nobody lol. my phone is so dry but fuck it'
b"it's shit for most white people too but they're too busy blaming black and brown people for that rather than the government and system"
b"it's shows everything from rehearsals to the moment of the first show. hope you blue heart it"
b"it's so boring in the hospital and i am sad and tired i want to go home :(((("
b"it's so crazy how friday's just aren't the same as it was when i was a working mom. at least it's a beautiful day today!"
b"it's so cute how you finish my sentences, i just feel like you really get me you know? i guess what i am trying to say is.. i love you google"
b"it's so cute to see friend groups having a group name like i am being serious, but do y'all remember the og's, the swag girls face with tears of joy sleepy face"
b"it's so dumb to go back to someone who hurt you."
b"it's so easy to slip into a negative mind frame when your circumstances are worse than you'd prefer. it's impact could be so detrimental"
b"it's so funny bc she is so simple. she always would say she'd be perfectly fine with a simple band. but her dude was like nah. lol"
b'its so funny how i can use aileen as an excuse to get something lol.'
b'its so funny when tryhards said you suck when you are playing for fun lol'
b"it's so great that steam greenlight is happening, because as you know, steam is totally the only way you can buy games!"
b"it's so hard for me to refrain my negative comments about football, but i know that people get so butt hurt about it so i just have to face without mouth"
b"it's so hot down here"
b"it's so hot down here that i turned the tap on and hot water came out and i said i would prefer it if it just shot out fire ants"
b"it's sometimes hard to have internet friends... because all you ever want to do is hug them, and you never can"
b"it's so nice to be back in twitter world"
b'its so pretty outside i love being awake early in the morning watching the sun come up'
b"it's so pretty outside to me \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c."
b"it's so sad how i can get distracted so easily"
b'its so sad when you re -read divergent and you get super excited over fourtris moments and then remember tris dies'
b'thank you sou i feel blessed to meet you thank you so much'
b'its so weird knowing that most ppl have already had sex... like that sweet old lady on the bus? probably chocked on a dick at one point'
b"it's so weird not knowing if you'll ever fall in love again flushed face"
b"it's so weird when buzzfeed quizzes guess right."
b"it's s shame that people our age group are worried about the next time they're going to get drunk or smoke whatever."
b"it's such a good feeling to actually be making some money relieved face"
b"it's such an interesting class! i agree!"
b'its sunday and i havent started doing my assignment'
b"it's (supposed to be ) the most wonderful time of the year"
b"it's that time of day where i stalk and rt/fav every tweet... seriously dying of laughter though, my sister is effing hilarious"
b"it's the double standards that do not work for me"
b"it's the fall fashion & couture auction day! do not miss it! we have over 250 lots of designer items from handbags"
b"it's the first day of senior year and i am riding the bus to school"
b"it's the first time i had downloaded the mp3 and video of a tagalog song. i had the video on loop and it had me. i cried every time!"
b'itsthejaymatthew : i am not your cigarette break, you can not put me out just after lighting me.'
b"it's the last day of fall session! time to reward yourself for all your hard work."
b"it's the little things that we take for granted.. prayers for this little girl"
b"it's the most wonderful time of a year! watching christmas movies on tissues for my issues of joy!"
b"\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85 it's the most wonderful time of the year"
b'its the most wonderful time of the year! \xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a'
b'its the most wonderful time of the year - andy williams'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year! here are things to do together for christmas - with your s"
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year (if you're into cloud )"
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year indeed because tamales loudly crying face \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dmy heart and stomach are full \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'its the most wonderful time of the year its'
b'its the most wonderful time of the year 5 seconds of summer'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year//romeo mi//"
b"\xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8fit's the most wonderful time of the year \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f the diag"
b"it's the most wonderful week, of the year"
b"it's the perfect day for some starbucks. looks like everyone had the same idea though. smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'its the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.'
b"it's the time in my life when i am losing friends left right & center. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes unamused face sad but inevitable. victory hand"
b"it's the worst when you have so much confidence that you know you gonna pass the test and you end up taking the l instead."
b"it's too early to sleep tho. but i can not stay awake.. ugh!"
b"weary face it's too hot down here and it at least should be chilly ongoing need a break face with tears of joy"
b"it's too late to make it, but is too late to try?"
b"it's too late to try to love me now"
b"it's tough when someone special starts to ignore you, but it's even tougher to pretend that you do not care."
b"it's truly horrible. thank god there are some screaming kids nearby to drown it out."
b"it sucks, does not it? feeling like you're not good enough, no matter how hard you try."
b"it sucks when you feel like you have to apologize for the way you're feeling."
b'it sure is chilly today, but, on the bright side, there are only 214 days until summer smile'
b'it sure is nice to be back home'
b"it's very hot down here black heart suit how's the weather up where you are?"
b"it's weird to think that people make millions just to entertain our sorry asses lol"
b"it's what you learn after you know it all that's important. tomiho kiligoverload"
b"it's winter.. in november and people are shocked it's cold/snowing. i can read the future. 6 months from now it will"
b'it takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.'
b'it takes an athlete to dance but an artist to be a dancer " shanna la fleur'
b'it takes an athlete to dance but an artist to be a dancer. " -- shanna lafleur'
b'it takes a near death experience to actually appreciate life & yo honestly life is a such a blessing do not take that shit for granted man'
b'it takes me like 2 hours to do 45 min of hw bc i get distracted easily'
b'it tends to scare the voters. ignorance is bliss when the polls are in your favor.'
b'it took me like an hour to do but curling your hair with straws is so much fun (and yes i am wearing a onesie stfu )'
b'itunes grecia secret love song 37. little mix'
b'i turned off my phone because i could not handle the certainty that you were not even trying to talk to me.'
b"she's over there for just one reason? i hope nobody in those meetings has a phone on them...."
b'the fools often can not tell the difference. walk away, make them beg us for access to our market. no movement no money.'
b'this is pure evil why is the world sitting back and letting this happen?'
b'it was a difficult break but its nice for us busted boys to be back together... do not know why i joined tho'
b'it was a great day at google devfest e -library 3 apps up for e -commerce in'
b'it was an absolute joy working with the braun team & sebastian vettel in london yesterday!'
b'it was a rather fun semester thanks guys'
b'it was great having such wonderful volunteers helping out with our baskets this year! girls empower!'
b'it was great though i kinda fucking missed raves'
b'it was johns last day work today i am so sad odeon luv x'
b"it was my idea plzzz dont hate her she's the most lovable person in the world"
b'it was nice to be back on the pitch \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f fork and knife'
b"it wasn't for long, but seeing you really made my day."
b"it was one of the most predictable movies i've ever seen, i thought pratt was great though."
b'it was so much easier to diet at home because the fridge was always empty and full of nothing but milk and a head of lettuce.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy it was so sweet! i am such a sucker lmao i swear'
b'it was super stressful, but thank god we got our car home. timo & brendon did an awesome job. " \xe2\x80\x93'
b'it was the worst, like my sister killed my cat unamused face'
b'it will hurt. it will take time. it will require dedication and sacrifice. but it will be worth it.'
b'it would be really nice if people would stop yelling'
b'it would be so lovely if you went an got us some all i want is some chicken strips'
b'it would mean so much if you followed me! i love you so much heavy black heart'
b"eva's choice of nicknames is really interesting and amusing i agree with you"
b"i understand it's just twitter but some of y'all need to watch what you say on here lmao"
b'i understand you but you dont have to say those damm words! i am'
b'i unfollowed someone cause they said jon snow is dead. i do not need that kind of negativity in my life.'
b'i unlocked an awesome sticker on tagg app get this app at'
b'i unlocked the glee season 4 coming soon sticker on'
b'i unlocked the night owl sticker on'
b"i updated my mac to the latest software and now it hardly works so that's awesome slightly frowning face"
b'i used this as career motivation'
b'i used to be so full of life and now i am so just... not.'
b'i used to hate cursive lessons so much so during cursive writing class the teacher would allow us to do whatever as long as we were quiet +'
b'i use to make money with my car & you can too. use this link to sign up : lj4g9'
b"i use to only dream every once in awhile but these last few weeks i 'v been having crazy yet real feeling dreams"
b"i usually ask girls i am with to let me see they're music playlist... i dnt giv a fuck abt ur pics."
b'i usually have something already planned but oddly i do not todaay.'
b"he's also generous to a fault about sincerely giving others credit for success of grantland & 30 for 30."
b"hope the best for yall after his championship. he's a pretty awesome team mate to dale jr. going miss him racing"
b'be authentic'
b"i've acquired quite an impressive disposable utensil collection from all the take-out & deliveries over the years"
b"i've actually never laughed so much watching an interview"
b"i've always been one to get distracted easily"
b'ive always known i was great though... i wanted to share my loveliness with everyone even those who arent worth it'
b"i've been a month clean. i am really proud of myself. but it does not help that my parents got in a huge fight. i really need you"
b"i've been arrested 3 times on campus for fighting and now my hands are legally registered weary face weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e pensive face"
b"i've been going though some shit & been needing somebody to talk to confused face"
b'i\'ve been happy all freaking day i am starting to worry now. like i am tooooo happy " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i?ve been hurt so bad and i still so hard. i admire my for that.'
b"i've been in a shitty mood all day"
b"i've been in bed all day really sick & nothing makes me feel better than your presence here i love you smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"i've been in canada for 26 years and im still shocked at how cold i get every year"
b"i've been in the bath for an hour i love being a raisin"
b"i've been laying in the dark all day."
b"i've been laying in the dark for like 2 hours listening to music. i feel at peace."
b"i've been laying in the dark for three hours thinking it would make me feel better but i feel a million times worse."
b"i've been laying in the dark think i'll be just fine"
b"i've been listening to beyonc\xc3\xa9, nicki minaj, and kesha since 9 am. safe to say i'll remain in this happy mood alllllll day"
b"i've been looking forward to a territorial cup football game since i was a senior in high school"
b"i've been meeting some beautiful, talented and successful women from all over the world. so far from stuck up too actually really cool!"
b"i've been on a life winning streak for 3 months"
b"i've been really sick lately and it's driving me crazy **"
b"i've been really sick lately, and my coworkers at vietnam constantly remind me to eat, sleep, and not work as much as i do"
b"i've been saying this all along, no way jon snow is dead-forever at least"
b"i've been sleeping since 1:00 yesterday, waking up only sporadically for maybe 45 minutes then falling back asleep. this is the life."
b"i've been to a million concerts but honestly, is the best performer i've ever seen"
b"i've been waking up and falling back asleep all morning orz"
b"i've been watching criminal minds all day, it's been an amazing day"
b'ive been watching those shitty like " top 10 movie mistakes you missed! " videos all day send help'
b"i've been wearing my double wrap leather bracelet for weeks and it just keeps getting better and"
b"i've come out of work in such a happy mood \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i've completed ready for the journey collection!"
b"i've dealt with so many people that just push me away for no good reason, so i do not even try anymore like bye waving hand sign"
b"i've decided i am going to bring back the unibrow"
b"i've die everyday waiting for you darling dont be afraid i've love you for a thousand years, i love you for a thousand more"
b"i've downloaded enough mp3 versions of my video of all time low's show to make a complete live album lmao"
b"i've drawn so much hands lately i am getting better!"
b"i've felt like shit for the last 5 days, both physically and emotionally"
b"i've given it some serious consideration and have decided that adulting is infringing upon my sleeping time. which is super rude."
b"i've got front row seats to one of show at youtube! hooray!"
b"i've got to get my money back this time?"
b'ive got to take off my makeup, n then im going to bed. so gn, i love aiden n kel. \xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8f fish cake with swirl design'
b"i've got twenty minutes to walk up a flight of stairs. i sure hope i make it to my next class."
b"i've had a headache all day that's slowly turned into a migraine tired face laying in the dark and wallowing in self pity it is"
b"i've had a shitty day, but i am about to go to kobe. why? bc i want kobe"
b'i\'ve had enough, enough, enough and this is my prayer, i swear i am as free as my hair " lady gaga'
b"i've had them all weekend they freakin suck"
b"i've just paced around my house since i woke up today, i am too excited for this game. and i have not eaten yet, so you know its real."
b"i've just realised that i am really sarcastic all the time and all my friends probably secretly hate me"
b"i've left now and am going swimming before dinner"
b"iv 'e literally been laying in the dark watching youtube for 5 hours"
b"i've literally watched 3 seasons of awkward"
b"i've never been hooked on a show, so i love the fact that every sunday i rush home to watch with my love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'ive never been so happy i literally just started crying in the store'
b"i've never failed a class more painfully than ap physics"
b"i've never felt so awful, but on the bright side we got tickets for summer face with stuck out tongue"
b"i've never laughed so hard in my life"
b"i've never laughed so hard in such a long ass time"
b"i've never laughed so much"
b"i've never laughed so much loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"i 've never laughed so much"
b"i've never laughed so much at a football game in my life"
b"i've never laughed so much before omfg akjavaga"
b"i've never laughed so much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy"
b"i've never laughed so much during a studio session! hahah! we did tho make a sick tune!"
b"i've never laughed so much in 1 night"
b"i've never laughed so much in a interview that isn't the boys face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy he's so funny -j"
b"i've never laughed so much in my life"
b"i 've never laughed so much in my life, and im in the car face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i've never laughed so much in my life face with tears of joy"
b"i've never laughed so much omg"
b"i've never laughed so much ordering a sandwich as i did just now with"
b'ive never laughed so much that was so funny'
b"i've never worn sweat pants to school before face with tears of joy"
b"i've prayed for people & seen their prayers manifest in good. i am not afraid to ask you guys to pray for me. i want to be the asshole."
b"i've pretty much decided that i will be getting a dog for my 21st. smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"i've probably tweeted this before but i love my bed! bed"
b"i've realized that whenever i have something to do and i need to get ready fast i sit on twitter instead"
b"i've really got my heart set on doing something i will thoroughly enjoy, now it's just a case of making it work."
b"i've replaying this video of my 5 month old niece starting to cry when my sister sings to her. it's freaking hilarious and too cute face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i've sat on the couch all day so far great start to break \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i've seen almost 12 seasons of grey's anatomy, i am pretty sure i know how to perform open heart surgery by now"
b"i've seen enough to last me a year!"
b"i've slept 10 hours total in the past two days... should i just stay awake and sleep early today or sleep now?"
b"i've started on it. happy friday."
b"i've started stalking my 2 (s ) and have resisted the urge to follow them, instead i added them to a private list"
b"i've started to get that strange warm happy feeling when jinhwan's verses come on in songs so i am like oop this is strange"
b"i've trapped some kind of flying velociraptor looking insect beast of death under a glass. now for my husband to get home and dispose of it."
b"i've worn sweat pants more than anything else this school year and it's been great"
b'i volunteer going in there to uhhh... " help " with the problem! i am immortal, so i\'ll be fine ~'
b"i for the 2012 mtv most share -worthy video! see who's in the lead and tweet your vote : fjdh"
b"i voted for jensen ackles to win favorite sci -fi/fantasy tv actor at people's choice awards 2016! cast your vote :"
b'i for the 2012 mtv most share -worthy video!'
b"i for the 2012 mtv most share -worthy video! see who's in the lead and tweet your vote :"
b'i walked in my room when it was hella dark and my dumb ass tripped over the cord for my tv receiver and now i can not watch tv.. fuck lol weary face weary face'
b'i walked past a girl in the hall today and she said " wow you\'re really pretty " and it made my day loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i wanna apologize to the people i have followed and unfollowed again. that was just me being new to twitter and having fat fingers... flushed face'
b'i wanna be in a fantasy football league'
b'i wanna be like her too " well you got to work freaking hard to be like her. at the moment you\'re no where there.'
b'i wanna be sick so i do not have to school and sleep as much as i want ):'
b'i wanna be your secret love.'
b', i wanna boyfriend so i can cut everybody off \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dto bad im single'
b'i wanna boyfriend who tells me i am more than gorgeous lol'
b'i wanna braid nash hair'
b"i wanna change my maybe i'll do that when i get home later"
b"i wanna cry but i am in the office and aaaaah thank goodness! i am so invested with clark & leah's relationship ok"
b'i wanna do something tonight. but i need more friends to go out with \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i wanna eat bad foods, listen to good music and have great sex this weekend. but that ain't happening"
b'i wanna enjoy the luxury of not knowing each other for real.'
b'i wanna finish my homework but i am sleepy ;;;;'
b'i wanna go get more but dont want to get caught weary face'
b'i wanna go to a mac miller concert soooo bad! nobody understands my love for him! 3'
b"i wanna go to my grandma house first then go by his people because i'll never get to see my grammy playing round with them crazy ass ppl face with tears of joy weary face"
b'i wanna go to the exchange on friday for w &w. the last time they were there was amazing & i got their autograph. sad 3'
b'i wanna meet little nick so bad lol my boyfriend keeps saying he so smart i would love him'
b'i wanna put my phone on air plane mode to charge but i am texting too many people. and i am sleepy'
b'i wanna see him, hug him, hear him, i wanna.. *sigh* there is nothing that can help me overcome my fear to even say anything to him.'
b'i want a bob but i am not cutting my hair i decided lol i spent too too long growing it out'
b'i want a bond where nobody can come between us'
b'i want a boyfriend but i love being alone'
b'i want a nissan gtr \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\x85'
b"i want a selfie with cara, she's just so fucking lovely."
b'i want ashton to bang me as hard as he bangs that drums. is that weird 5 seconds of summer'
b'i want fallout 4 but i only have forty bucks in my bank account and i need it for bernie sanders merch'
b'i want my cat to hold my hand while i sleep.'
b'i want my kids to have " good hair " i would never say that shit. all hair is good hair. take your self-hating ass to a river and drown'
b'i want no school november'
b'i want one of them love pink bed in a bad sets'
b'i want someone i can learn off of. full of life. not young. not selfish. has dreams. not giving up on life. and someone that loves only me smile'
b'i want someone who is always up for going for a ride with me i love driving but it gets pretty boring when i am alone pls'
b"i want someone who's full of tattoos"
b'i want some tattoos weary face'
b'i want some tattoos but i am trying to save for a car weary face'
b'i want the rihanna pumas so fucking bad'
b'i want these! more to come'
b'i want these shirts omg'
b'i want this color so bad wow can not wait to be out of school'
b'i want this feeling to just go away already honestly'
b'i want to be creepy not government watch list'
b"i want to beat the living crap of the bitch that is bulling my little cousin i do not give a fuck if she's 12"
b'i want to be here'
b'i want to be in a gc with really sarcastic and funny people'
b'i want to buy in bulk. can you imagine your back yard just full of children in giant balls bouncing off of each other?'
b'i want to copy the latest audiobook i downloaded to my mp3 player but my cutie is sleeping and hugging my leg, yuki is on top of me too'
b'i want to cut my hair short... but then again i want it to be long for prom and graduation loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'i want to eat 1,000 cheeseburgers right now. just kidding. i can barely finish one. but i do need one!'
b'i want to feel your love like the weather. all over me'
b'i want to have a fat bonfire at my house with friends drinking n shit lol'
b'i want to have brown sugar mini wheats for every meal for the rest of my life.'
b'" life should be great rather than long. "'
b'i want to party!'
b'i want to say something about mans who get caught cheating across the world but i dunno who may feel a ways and move like i know something'
b'i want to start a holiday indie collection, but i drink too much tea and water at night.'
b'i want to travel with someone and go where it snows so we can get caught in it and then make snow angels please'
b'i want to wait until i am in my final form before i get tattoos... do not want to miss out on any cuts'
b'i want to watch hdweuh but i have three exams on monday i love school i love being stressed i love everything'
b'i want to wish this lovely person a happy birthday.. best wishes i love you \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbd'
b'i want unless they let me know face with tears of joy i do not read minds'
b'i want us to get caught!'
b'i was 1a* off being allowed in the academic academy, oh shame!'
b"i was 3 years from being born the last time an organization had roy, moy and cy young winners in same season. glavine, cox, pendleton in '91"
b'i was about to go dumb today weary face stupid ass tv... idk if i am gone get like that anytime soon.'
b'i was actually so uncomfortable when we watched this movie in english class'
b"i was afraid of jason, but i wasn't really intimidated by anyone else. except will, because i did not have any friends on twitter prior."
b'i was already in a weird mood then this guy just backed his jeep into my car... happy friday'
b'i was already pretty sure me and the guy installing the new beer had an unspoken love connection cuz he is 7 feet tall and cute'
b'i was always really intimidated by katie and now i realise how ratty she is'
b'i was a rejected member of run -dmc. it is to my belief that they could not handle my swagger.'
b'i was crossing the street and this person started honking their horn so i started walking slower lmao i make me so happy'
b'i was deadass going to go to atl tomorrow with friends n ive been dmed many times to stay safe n not go im staying in my house'
b'i was eating and doing okay, but now i just started feeling really, really sick. can this bullshit just stop?'
b'i was exceptionally successful at the sale. my fave part is that i am a medium there face with tears of joy'
b"i was feeling wired sleeping with nece loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face it's been so long expressionless face"
b"i was given 9 weeks to do this assignment and i am just starting it right now... the day that it's due."
b'i was going along, even though i had not thrown any, saw no one looking and sidestepped into a different section. got to stay.'
b'i was gone do my home work. i get to work no notecards, no lab or biology book and i am literally like the fucking devil himself. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'i was gone for 3 days and my cat did not even notice'
b'i was having a super sad day and then i flipped the tv on and madagascar 2 is on... my secret love for these movies. especially the sequels.'
b'i was hoping to enjoy federer v djokovic, but these announcers are determined to ruin it'
b"i was just listening to unfaithful by rihanna and alayna started yelling (singing ).. turns out she's an are & b fan"
b"i was kinda makes me feel like if i had kids they'd all drown or get eaten by giant war elk to ride into battle on"
b'i was laughing so hard but i laughed even harder when he called himself " nighttime neil "'
b'i was looking forward to relaxing and seeing friends but i can not do that bc the days i am not working i am going dress shopping for a wedding'
b"i was looking forward to the works christmas do at the idea of fancy dress but now i do not know what to be it's stressing me right out!"
b'i was messing with my hair and my mom saw and literally said " your still there crying " like yes mom i am freaking out'
b"i wasn't gonna miss justin performance wth tv all dumb"
b'i was only an hour into my shift and this old man brought his dog and put her in the cart i could not handle'
b'i was plotting for a moment, now i got em where i want em'
b'i was really excited to go home and smoke and start doing my hw but then i remembered i have to go to layout worry'
b'i was really intimidated'
b"i was really intimidated at first but i found out you're just a cute little baby i love a lot"
b'i was really looking forward to going out for my moms birthday so i could have gotten dressed up in a dress and do my hair nice sad'
b'i was singing vapor & my dad said whos singing so beautiful i said it was me &he said " well stfu you dont let me hear my show " wow love my fam!'
b'i was smiling the entire voicemail and laughed out loud at the " bitch " face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i was so happy that i had no 8am's next quarter and my tuesday/thursday started late.. but my work scheduled me for 8am opening shifts weary face"
b'i was so lit last night lol but it was a super fun lit'
b"i was so surprised when you followed me back lmao, i am really intimidated by you but let's talk sometime!"
b'i was still the first one to tell bryson happy birthday on his actually birthday.. smile'
b'i was super excited for bigflo come back to see kichun in action and he be stealing my heart. stop that man.'
b'i was supposed to finish my homework but i ended up watching yt videos? lol what'
b'i was talking to a friend about draymond last night and he told me green is good but not great because he averages 12 points'
b"i was told that as time went on, it would get easier-but it seems every year, the holidays get harder. how do you smile missing the 1's you love"
b'i was told " the grass is only greener on the other side when you neglect to water your own lawn... "'
b'i was very cautious in the shower this morning, so no need to worry about me,'
b'i watched 5 episodes of got yesterday and now it\'s like " why is everyone\'s hair boring and also why is no one dead. "'
b'i watched the food network channel like i cook lol'
b"i watch the returned each week, not quite understanding what's going on... i should prob watch s1 sometime lol. creepy louis is creepy, tho!"
b'i went for a run yesterday and today my whole body is killing me. how rewarding exercise is'
b"i went out before and a guy got in the lift & suddenly there's the smell of freshly laid carpet. very strange, it was an office worker."
b"i went to build a bear yesterday to build myself a teddy & wasn't there to help?"
b'i went to roast shayna and ty but they did a good job doing it themselves by posting the video'
b'i went with chocolate sauce cause fuck the police or whatever the cool kids say'
b'i will always accept any type of indiana bashing. worst state in the us by far.'
b'i will be your umbrella when the rain comes and i will be your best ending ever when that time comes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x92\x91'
b'i will but not right now'
b'i will have a nandos for tea tonight relieved face'
b'i will have no shame in using it face with tears of joy'
b'i will miss you, and remember that no matter what happens, sooner or later you will become my'
b'i will never let another guy make me feel as horrible about myself as you did?'
b'i will never understand people who sleep with one pillow.'
b'i will never understand why a university like stanfurd chose a freaking tree as its mascot'
b'i will sell any ku student my extra first home game ticket for this weekend! hit me uo if you want it. gotts be a student'
b'i will smack anybody in the world in 2k right now.'
b"i will text you 50 times in a row and feel no shame, you're my friend fam you literally signed up for this shit"
b'i will when i get home okay?'
b"i wish delivered but it's cool"
b'i wish cam knew about me and my and that how much i love him but this will never happen sad'
b'i wish days like today can be an everyday thing. that would be cool smiling face with sunglasses'
b'i wish february would come a little faster'
b'i wish i cared about the highway 167 showdown...'
b'i wish i could be like cool kids'
b'i wish i could get a handle of something and turn up by myself. i am completely cool with that.'
b'i wish i could just focus and do my home work'
b'i wish i could leave to high school already so i do not have to see all of you'
b"i wish i could spend time with friends, going to the movies or just chilling at someone's house and just talk."
b'i wish id of never cut my hair this short man disappointed face im like really sick mann'
b'a big closet full of cool clothes, a fridge full of food, and a wallet with unlimited amount of money.'
b'i wish i had a pretty face because i would seriously try & be a plus size model. smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i wish i had cool people to snapchat'
b'i wish i had cool things to do besides stay home smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i wish i had cool twitter friends'
b"i wish i had long hair so i could properly bump to bustin ' at em by waka sad"
b'i wish i loved coffee as much as i love cocaine. did i do that right?'
b"i wish i smoked, maybe then i'd look as cool as you."
b"i wish it wasn't friday. i love school!"
b'i wish i was artistic so i could make clique art but i already know if i tried to draw some shit it would be tragic'
b'i wish i was as cool as ayana smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i wish i was as cool as you posting videos on instagram of myself smoking weed and blowing the smoke into the camera.'
b'i wish i was at the coaches convention! can not wait for my head coach to share all the details!'
b'i wish i was cool and could smoke three cigarettes in my car before school starts.?'
b'i wish i was cool enough to eat wings with mr mizel'
b'i wish i was cool enough to post about getting high in my story weary face weary face weary face weary face'
b"i wish i was home cause it's cold weary face weary face its so hot down here"
b'i wish i was in my 20s in 1994. then i could be super sad and be cool.'
b'i wish i was in school rn crying face crying face crying face hate to be home sick'
b'i wish i was still a virgin i regret ever loosing my virginity'
b'i wish i were still in bed. will you come to tafe to visit me? it would make my day'
b'i wish my bestfriend would realize that her man is. i love you & ps _ |_'
b'i wish my friends would appreciate my super nerdy side more'
b'i wish my phone would charge but i think it done. smh.'
b"i wish and i would've worked out. we would've been a dope couple.. it sucks but i guess shit happens"
b'i wish people would shame selfie stick users as bad as they do people who smoke weed.'
b"i wish sister were here. she'd get all my jokes. or laugh at them anyways. because i am freaking hilarious. uuuggggghhhhhhhh"
b'i wish that i could be like the cool kids'
b'i wish they would get this justin bieber shit off my tl'
b'i wish this boy stop snapping'
b'i wish this feeling for you would just disappear /3'
b'i wish this was all just a horrible dream because i do not think i can make peace with losing you.'
b"\xf0\x9f\x96\xbc\xe2\xad\x90\xef\xb8\x8fi wish we were closer weary face you're super cool and fun to be around miss ya face savouring delicious food"
b'i wish you were the reality of my dreams and not the dream of a lifetime. ti amo \xf0\x9f\x99\x88\xf0\x9f\x87\xae\xf0\x9f\x87\xb9\xf0\x9f\x92\x9e could you follow me please? \xe2\x9d\xa587. 159'
b'i woke up feeling good this morning.. especially after my shower.'
b'i woke up in a rather happy mood this morning.!'
b'i woke up in a very happy mood smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i woke up next to savannah and thought i was having a nightmare so i went back to sleep to wake up and find that it was real life... fml'
b'i woke up this morning listening to be'
b"i woke up this morning shocked it wasn't cold this morning."
b'i woke up today and all i want to do is get all this 3 lovely pairs off my list! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i woke up with heavy feeling. sore throat, headache, sneezing, cold and cough! confirmed my condition from yesterday is getting worst'
b'i wonder how my day would go if i chilled with jamel and the fam'
b'i wonder if is attracted to the smell of catnip.. ", orihime would ask aloud. she would be curious of this idea for quite \xe2\x80\x94'
b"i wonder if we love romance about jerks w/ a heart of gold bc it's the ultimate wish fulfillment. terrible men aren't so terrible after all."
b'i wonder if you smile at my texts, like i smile at yours. : " )'
b'i wonder if you smile when you hear my name.'
b'i wonder is taetae still making my cake'
b"i wonder what my cat's doing right now"
b'i will not even post " my week on twitter " now.'
b"i will not take your scriptures full of hate as my truth. i'll sit & observe the fruits of your scriptures and that's how i'll judge them."
b'i work hard for the " i just woke up, oh shit i need to be somewhere let me just throw something on " look.'
b'i work in a swimming pool though, so its meant to be hot'
b'i work noon to afternoon.. bust my butt day n nite.. my hands look like this, so hers can look like this'
b'i work the whole weekend but sleep should be great'
b'i work with decisive people that want to create massive success with an online business today'
b'i worry about the world when i can drive. i am gonna be usin all the gas with my 12 mpg jeep lmao'
b"i would add from my own experience : 'pastors have lost the sense of urgency and priority in their personal lives to witness ' 2/2"
b'i would be at this gate not next to ry bar so i can watch this game lol'
b'i would be heartbroken if i lost me too \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'i would enjoy a takeaway, perhaps i will have one tomorrow, who knows? i wait with suspense'
b'i would give anything to get the feeling of not being good enough to go away'
b'i would go through all this pain take a bullet straight through my brain yes i would die for you baby but you wont do the same'
b'i would like to thank lsu for not cancelling class tomorrow'
b'i would like to wish all people playing the uhc on air good luck!'
b'i would lose my wallet. gosh i love being driven to school by my mother.'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa4i would love to be a sleep but i can not go to sleep because matty woke me up, so i am up up upp microphone -jaccara'
b'i would love to be in my bed, big t shirt and all rn unamused face'
b'i would love to punch every person speaking at the in the face'
b'i would love to see you dancing in my late night dreams'
b"i would make fun of this but it's kinda sweet in a weird way"
b"i would move to australia, but i'd be really intimidated 5 seconds of summer"
b'i would not be the person i am today without this amazing woman. love you dawn!'
b"i would randomly wake up two hours before my alarm rings... it's not like i am going to sleep early to get enough sleep. nope."
b'i would rather have 3 close bros that i can talk to about anything and just be myself around over having popularity and connections any day'
b'i would really appreciate it if y\'all would stop " blessing my tl " with justin bieber. k thanks'
b'i would really love to go to bed but i started on this whole " adding snow " thing and now i can not stop until i finish.'
b"i would see if you reblog my selfies i'll kiss you but 1. can not 2. that's a curse 3. probably would not but would hug"
b'i would sit here and type a whole paragraph the thing i do for him. i got a good heart but when it come to money do not test me fr.'
b'i would very much love to be in his arms right now, his hands tangled in my hair - loved, desired and very yummy x'
b'i would vote for him'
b"i write my best friend a good morning message over 1500 words long almost every morning unless i am sick or running late, she's worth it ^-^"
b'everyone is just trying to attack each other like damn... this is suppose to be fun, not a fucking blood bath'
b'true but why text it when you can say it in person so you know its real face with tears of joy smirking face'
b'ahh yes sir i know i want you want from your dm lol smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'jacaree sleep like i am not right next to him gasping for air face with tears of joy'
b"jace's first arizona game was a success. he actually watched and clapped and yelled right on cue. love my little guy smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i thought you were black for months!'
b'watchdogs is a really good example of this'
b'love you jack hope you have an amazing day smile happy early christmas idk'
b'yes fuck this class were using our phones and doing crap'
b'jacket forecast this week mon : no jacket tue : light jacket wed : no/light jacket (small umbrella ) thu : rain jacket fri - weekend : warmer coat'
b'omga, i want a boyfriend like you g. you are so freaking lucky madison loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'shoutout to connor for loosing his virginity last night xx'
b'i hate been sick'
b'can you notice me before i jump out the window'
b'they wont be scaring anyone with their bs.'
b'jackson always extra face with tears of joy lol do not judge, i love him'
b'okay i am hiking from o hair airport so as long as i make it back for my flight we good'
b"nice article on the game last night. it's hard not to get overly excited about this team. should be a fun season."
b'jacob happiness means the whole world to me. i would give away everything i have just to see his beautiful & enchanting smile on his face'
b'jacob singing rules of beautiful tonight at tanger outlets'
b'vote for blond your ignorance is bliss and as you well know you can only write so many words on twitter'
b'do not you think that instead of marlee mary would be a great natalie? there is already a confirmed marlee! grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"jade's making my cake that's how you know it's real"
b'if i can find a damn ride'
b'jae has a show on 09/01/2012 at 08:00 pm the grape room in philadelphia, pa'
b'jaeyuuuuuuun! smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes he is more than just a pretty face and a good body. he is a very good athlete with beastly skills!'
b'i could not think of her twitter handle lol'
b'correction : but it is rape? like who raised you this way'
b'i do not consider orders regarding twitter valid. he was arrested for fighting back against being slandered behind a court order.'
b'happy birthday'
b"jake is pretty picky about his pears... but do not worry, there are a few left for you at cottin's hardware"
b'jake johnson and john stamos will forever be tied as my favorite actor ever.'
b'the better dancer and better athlete lol better hands too'
b'- on a 6 game winning streak and 1st place in very much bowl eligible!'
b'glad lost the rights with this shitty service.'
b'is so cool! i wish i was him!'
b'excuse me my beautiful black women i just want to take the time to let you kno you are lovely.'
b"no you will not because i am immortal so there's no point"
b'james and martin have curated an awesome beer case for check it out here -'
b'buddy i just wanted to say out of all of em out there your my favorite actor'
b'have a lot of time for the odd tweet myself. but i am a very decisive, sarcastic person... or am i?'
b'i am having an allergy attack rn so if i die i love you ok'
b'thank you for the correction'
b'very grown up not! bet ya parents real proud not! wasted money on educating you it seems. grow up both of u!'
b'well said in all of your comments jamie, i am really sick of brad gilbert smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"ha i've got a big game tomorrow night i should be getting my sleep!"
b'aww do not say that. need to watch it'
b'jan 8th can not come faster enough'
b"it's like she's always been here. she's an absolute joy."
b"thank you po, you're such a good friend to"
b"they're so yummy and really easy to make. i've got all the fruits in my garden. just takes a bit of time."
b"that's why i said temporary shit ik can not nobody replace you i just needed a bestfriend at that time & you wasn't talking to me"
b'japanese meal menu in japan stock photo, picture and royalty free image. image 36502876.'
b"wow that's awesome thank you"
b'i really hope not. even hollywood would not change a classic story beloved by millions.'
b'love you guys! just started watching the show last month! can not wait to see you at a convention!'
b'can not wait for ur sexy bo... (cough ) you come back'
b'beautiful hand writing'
b'shut up we need to watch all of the hunger games movie one day i say monday'
b'appreciate you blessing my living room'
b"jason derulo is dating 50 cent's baby mama -"
b'your right i think. i loved last year though so i hope it lives up to last year'
b'jaume could not handle their height. seems a fair call but denies!'
b'i swear she was so sweet before and still is sometimes but loudly crying face'
b'cults should pay tax. people who protect paedophiles should go prison and be the victim three times a night'
b'can not wait nice cuppa by the way hot beverage winking face'
b"good i love all your books i've read so far that's my sunday sorted face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'" hugh or ugh " b-but can not you just say hug or ugh i mean'
b'omff ha i like smiled/blushed/laughed when i read this'
b'goofy ideas are the best ideas. stay the course.'
b'sounds perfect, apart from the lack of fizz! hope you have a great day and looking forward to hearing about your dress choice'
b'jazz, mavs put winning streaks on the line tonight : the utah jazz will take their two-game winning streak on t'
b'ohh sounds exciting! smile but thanks 4 letting me know :di thought it was either something to do with a bank or football smile'
b"i had it on good authority, no less. that said, brand new roaster and pretty impeccable sourcing. i have a feeling they're fighting"
b'are you going to your brothers game next week? i think he plays my school! lol'
b"isn't it the greatest thing ever!?"
b'jd is in a happy mood this morning!'
b'i think i am going to switch favorite teams. i am tired of disappointment'
b"jealous of lizzie's new relationship goals including : receiving love letters smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face"
b'shocker! another bush that wants to send other peoples kids to war to feel like a man. failed warhawk policies got us here!'
b'this nigga is me i swear great minds think alike or whatever'
b"you're such a good friend. love my best friend. such a nice friend xxxxxxxxx"
b'i see what you did. pretty good for this early on a sunday.'
b'thank you jeff sunny is smiling today and everyday for my blessings cant wait to talk about it on sunday smile'
b'it was great though, i had a really fun time. smile peeeeettta bread.'
b'windy and cold. neither ream threw the ball well. shocked osu did not try'
b"when i tune in now i have no clue what's going on lol"
b"whatttt? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy lmao. pull up the block list? i've never made one fake account. i could careless about you. damn girl. you full of"
b'guess that mean you are swimming in and with sharks! it was an absolute joy to meet you, ty for making us feel special!'
b'thank you jennifer! we will give our best! :))) have a great weekend my friend 3'
b"i've a feeling you've still got one act to play. anyway, thank you clara, you've been fantastic."
b"that's awesome! i am so glad to hear that \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'miss playing soccer with you too ): love you'
b'i have mucho reasons to be happy right now. i have a stupid friend cheering me up, awesome book news, and good freedom.'
b'a pleasure meeting you.. just a blessed, successful man'
b'because one of you sluts had a bio that said kill all men'
b'you know you just got put on blast when you can only come back with a grammar correction smh'
b'yes, i ask that you pray that i make it through these tuff times in my life and that i continue to be patient and have faith,'
b"i'll pray using the same muslim prayers that the terrorists used to pray for people they liked. how's that?"
b'ah. i would be kind of interested in my family ancestry more than anything else. for no good reason really.'
b'jeremy affeldt one of my top giants ever. a really good example of a christian acting on the actual teachings of christ.'
b'clean and clear and under control'
b'you dont have to say it. i already know.. i just didnt like how she tweeted the bears gave us the game when'
b'jersey shore is cancelled. how sad.'
b"happy birthday! sorry just woke up... xd \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f hope you've been having an amazing day! smile"
b'the left is devastated'
b'feels like that same relative went through your wishlists, pulled most of the best ideas from it & made something for you.'
b'i loved the different take on the female friendship you were right, i loved ur friendship with'
b"jessica jones is our first real super-antihero \xe2\x80\x94and netflix's show about her is great :"
b'jessica jones is the best thing marvel has ever done'
b'not sure why, exactly, we needed four seconds of kilgrave peeing, but way to make things extra creepy, i guess.'
b'ok. too much blabla, if you watch ep. 1 and 13 you know pretty much everything necessary. was great though'
b"sounds fun. i'd probably drink too much coffee! lol"
b"glad you're ok and safe"
b'well i never knew that. we do not converse enough, i feel! how long you there for? x'
b"haha! what's so bad? lol. aw hope he's ok. sending my love to your family xx"
b'ty for creating masterpieces that reach the soul! lyrics are full of lightning and thunder! xo enjoy this amazin day beautiful xo =)'
b"yeah it's pretty good, we've officially started our set now so it's quite exciting!?"
b'i miss you too the moon and back baby, hope to see your pretty face soon smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'jesus christ i am so blessed to have you in my life! missing you big time lors! i love you to bits and pieces heavy black heart'
b"jesus christ that's a pretty face."
b'i agree, i love how subtle the references are'
b"je t 'aime vali, stay safe there please take care of yourself"
b'the way people act to look cool nowadays'
b'jewish terrorism in israel - the plot to blow up a palestinian school full of children'
b'jfk love letters to gunilla von post are up for auction. he fell for her weeks before he married jackie'
b'jgh! super haggard ng face ko -. - pagod kase ako ehh.. pero masaya'
b"oppa smile i am glad you had a great time & great opportunity in your life. i'll always support u. much love from thailand"
b'happy birthday josh! have an amazin day xxx'
b'i can not wait either! i only visited once for the first time in august and we went to a convention but i knew right then --'
b'idk like i could not handle raising a person for 18 + years'
b'i am not right in the head hehehe smiling face with sunglasses love it though, far more exciting'
b'a lot of us our getting the spanish broadcast. not sure where the failure is coming from nbc or cable provider'
b'just joined twitter and my first tweet is to you. ty 4 being fair and balanced with the candidates. love your show always!'
b'please help get the word out to get california national guard troops a second look on bonus claw back.'
b'jimmy rollins does not run out a ball and commenters want to immediately put him on waivers.'
b'west absolutely does not count, though it is the best zep showcase. 1 is the best album'
b'not. still a jester. a king needs to finish who finished him.'
b'they say " we " as if all food they give away isn\'t from generous donors. chas always takes credit. he can go2 hell.'
b'getting better slowly. doctor is aiming to have me out before thanksgiving, might be possible too!'
b'me : i hate being sick! me : [never takes good care of myself at all ]'
b"oh so that's why jay did not even ask who we were i am laughing you're such a good friend adri"
b'problem is that they do not care & they do not compromise with eachother. better if decision go to citizens.'
b"bae's stock isn't doing very well bro... you may need to start seeing other [restaurants ]"
b"true... that's okay! i can braid my own hair ~"
b'j lo is so bae... such a girly girl and her personality is everything! heart with ribbon'
b'the grass is always greener on the other side of the hill, though'
b"it's an early time. westin in spain."
b'i am a newbie on twitter and your my 1st twitter reaction. \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'happy 18th bday! hope you have an amazin day :)))) x x'
b'feeling good boo, how are things with you'
b'do you want to listen to online lectures on the spiritual and psychological improvement?'
b'job : nashville tn - senior clinical research associate work from home - sarah cannon the global cancer enterp'
b'happy birthday biaatch lets go out to eat soon when i have a day off love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f princess'
b'cause he came over today and you know how laos parents are. the grateful dead, jerry garcia and the stolen sweets : weekend fun in... - : oregonlive. comt'
b'ahaha you guys cant hang lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"skirt is a bit long isn't it do not ya think lmao. :] x"
b'gave him long hair like ceasa use to have face with tears of joy'
b'its what fedora does. do not forget unc lost to a shitty south carolina team.'
b'it does not get easier. my mom is really sick too. it sucks. let me know if you need anything pensive face'
b'can you please check out my omnipotent freestyle! i would really appreciate it.'
b'is " happy " and in a " good mood " just hours before revealed.'
b"so do looks me up by name it's on me it here. brother do see what my soul me do own me it in skin me it. as to a god me it ever"
b': if i had no muscle tone i\'d wear a tank to the bar ".'
b'they have no hope in this life... they grab this theory and hold it like a dick in their hands amidst the masses'
b'then make a movie called coming back to africa. : i'
b'soon will take an online course on spiritual growth and self-improvement you interested?'
b'preferably anywhere between la and w hollywood. the closer to wh the better.'
b"stop bitching if you wasn't a dick you would still be with the 1st team"
b'sure a smart fella like you will be able to pick up the language no problem.'
b"ha no, unless you're dead, you're getting mugged, you're sick, or you're crying really hard, you are giving me my damn food."
b'hoey! i worked really hard on this drawing for you. i hope you like it. i love you so much \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"i am about to graduate college and i still have homework on sunday's sad"
b"i asking all my friends and family to buy your book! we are all readers so that's good"
b'i do not understand why is everybody constantly asking you to follow them?'
b'i am so proud of you, everything you have been doing is so high quality and amazing. i love you so much \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x92\x96'
b'just finished watching all of the escape the night episodes and i am still really upset about matt and tim'
b'not going to lie but blastoise was one of my first ten pokemon'
b'omg!!! i did the same \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d and i thought the sun was going to stalk me and kill me \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b'why i like that grey hair it looks good on you'
b"yes!!! as a health freak it's important to get my 8+hours of sleep! i love it!"
b'your one of my fav youtubers i love your vids so much you make me laugh even when i am upset you will never see this but i<;3u'
b'amazing! prayers for people in paris'
b'oh my goodness stay safe baby'
b'i need two can not wait to meet you again will you be at the convention centre'
b'good morning and have an amazing day with'
b"my son speaks french. he's descended from irish, french & german ancestors: i can barely speak a sentence en francaise."
b'we would love to see you in brandon manitoba! heart decoration'
b'you never know, he might be blowing cob webs\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1 \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c... think about it'
b'john holt ~ the true test of character is not how much we know how to do but how we behave when we dont know what to do.'
b'residual after effects of a fun night'
b'i like downloaded to of them so i have the mp3 that i could somehow send to you? i think they got deleted'
b"john king : convention goal is changing voters ' view of romney : cnn"
b'john legend and chrissy teigen smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'full gallon in the fridge. grinning face'
b"well that's quite an impressive performance! congratulations! keep up the good work!"
b"just mine, i picked up my phone to text. i could've been drinking & he would've taken it lol. and the waldorf in hastings"
b'which is why things like " great leap forward " keep happening to command economies.'
b'john terry : " my kids love him. quite clearly for me, he\'s the best ever. i can end my career saying that i tested myself against the best. "'
b'i just want to thank you for all your prayers it truly means a lot to me god bless you and your family thank you again \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'joined parade of lights! the most wonderful time of the year is coming... christmas tree'
b'join our live twitter conversation! use the hashtag, " " and trending topic, " in the'
b"join us in-house at goodtimez starting january 5! featuring all 7 ' & 9 ' pristine diamond tables in a smoke free"
b'join us on 12/8 for w/ - authentic relationship building for success at |'
b'joker is one of the best villains ever and now shirish kunder are out to make him proud, by inflicting mental torture on us'
b'joker is really one of the best villains of all time'
b'i swear we are 22... even though we just had a mini nerf war in our room'
b'hey jon, it was a nice surprise to see you started following me... great start to my day! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hey boy, see you today at 5pm winking face love you'
b'superbad 2, mc loving comes home from hawaii 2 visit and catch up... get at me i have the whole story. good luck on your wardoggys'
b"you'll have so much fun with bayda first period"
b'will miss hearing you this week but lane should be great!'
b'jongin is so so cute he looks like a little kid face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"- hi! thanks for following me and i hope we'll talk and share our feels when i get back smile see yah! take care always"
b"stay humble, but you turning down that fight is your choice no one else's it's not like you have the title oranything ha"
b'two beers and a cup of punch *finally looks at i am sorry dad and it will not happen again. i am never having'
b'just drinking juice on a dock lol'
b'jon stewart and guest ellen degeneres. 15 years later and they have not changed a bit 3'
b"good call. i start classes sept. 10th, and then it's broken down into quarters for about a year and a half. should be interesting."
b"awe andrea! hehehe yes i did change my name! sorry for the confusion love! but omg you're always so sweet to me! \xe2\x99\xa1 hehe"
b'joon ya ~ beijing is too cool ~ dear actor keep you warm ~ wish you all goes well ~ fighting'
b'scooter braun follows you so you know its real'
b'you should go back to sleep before birdo gets you next'
b'i was set on 40. but 24 will be better suited i think. easier to get closer than farther away.'
b'you must be really sick face with tears of joy face with tears of joy mix with spirt just incase you throw up'
b'joseline needs to be restricted!'
b"oh my, this is right up joe's alley. i am so ready for all the butt comments face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'your so sweet i swear!'
b'just said " goodbye gale " i am so disgusted they were best freaking friends they grew up together and you end it like that. no ty'
b'i noticed them rolling through br this morning too. it did not last long but a cool sight!'
b'it sounds amazing, cheap beer, good food and great weather in the summer. idk why i have not been either'
b'happy birthday! have fun this weekend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thats a proper fucking mancave josh! good shit, glad you got your self setup so nice now. cant wait for your next sream!'
b'hello good afternoon glad to meet you there. i am at work and out of town but as i know we have great weather like summer'
b"i have nothing else to say to you if all you're going to do is insult anyone who disagrees w/ you."
b'ha hellll no. remember i basically went 8 months with no drinking lol'
b'then you do not need to worry then. it was great though!'
b"we suck! matt was sick this weekend. we just swung thru for 20 min sun. 1 day we'll meet. and the world will never be the same"
b'sorta! i get distracted easily and have a lot of school and work to catch up on. smile'
b'no my tv is ducking dumb ugh'
b'admitting to reading the star lol is just as bad'
b"it's good a few suspected terrorists have been arrested, but given how many terrorists returned from fighting for isis +"
b'but its gives you a chance to curse something that deserves it out lol helps release any built up frustration'
b'yikes! stay safe! we had some major gusts last night that were really freaky for this time of year.'
b'" : i could watch all day everyday... " tim riggins " the greatest human being alive'
b'the next football game i attend in provo will have a lot more swag.'
b'jthornton004 provides a good example of something to'
b'gets me though long bus rides. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'there is just something about you that lifts my mood every single time i see you pop up on the tv or sound out on the radio!!!'
b'speak for yourself sir! i am excelling in this class'
b'i have to tell you, you are my hero! keep up the good fight'
b'happy birthday jude, hope you have a great day and thanksgiving break.'
b'judge me? hate me? talk to others about me in a bad way? oh hello, i did not even know you existed.'
b"and s1 is really creepy, but i've gotten used to is and my love for the winchesters has massively helped. not to say o still"
b'he seems a really nice guy'
b"i never said i knew more i was just saying. you're not a guy so i can not really explain from my perspective"
b"there are a couple that need to grow on me, but there's also several that i loved right off the bat."
b'good morning julie not looking forward to the rain this weekend \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f droplet pretty dress have a great day and weekend smiling face with open mouth \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x90'
b"it was an absolute joy to share savannah's story & more about the playground! smile"
b'july needs to come faster'
b'it\'s his " schtick " as jimmy johnson put it. he pretends to be dumb on tv'
b'jump man. jump man. smiling face with horns'
b'junglepussy\'s " pregnant with success " album actually goes hard, which i never doubted it will i just enjoy artist growth'
b'what does the winner get? something to remember the hard fought win maybe?'
b'oh nooo stupid android missing iphone emoji pouting face'
b'do you want to listen to online lectures on the spiritual and psychological improvement?'
b'see good good smiling face with smiling eyes smh mines needs to hurry im so ready to meet this lil girl'
b'just a couple of weeks until the convention in wilmington, nc dec 6th. i will have a booth there this year. can not wait! hat'
b'just added 12 books to my library good lets see how many stays lol face with tears of joy weary face'
b'just a heads up if your friend looks bad and you tell her she looks good and then she goes out looking bad you are a bad person'
b'just a little more love, just a little more peace is all it takes to live the dream'
b'just a minute, for the last time, can i hug you?'
b'just a reminder to yall gay isnt an insult'
b'just a small problem. shit'
b'just a week to go, on monday auction prizes can be viewed in the pub, do not miss out!'
b'just bc i love the smell of freshly washed hair'
b'just bc you have a baby by somebody does not mean you guys are gonna stay together, shit just gets even harder in life & the relationship'
b"just because a relationship ends does not mean your life is gone. believe in god and you'll find someone who is right for you."
b'just because someone is your number one priority does not mean your theirs.'
b"just been staring at the walmart tobacco case, thinking about how it's a shame we do not know what brand of cigarettes doctors smoke anymore."
b"they're all entitled rich kids who do not work and do not have manners expressionless face and forgot high school is over face without mouth"
b'just be you, and if people do not like it, well, fuck them.'
b"just be you that's attractive!"
b"just bought adele's new album and its about to get reeeeal vindictive in here. and we're talking for no good reason"
b'just bought a jersey'
b'just bought my cat a new bed for christmas'
b'just bought my plane ticket for vegas this winter break! face with stuck out tongue'
b'just buying the last bits and pieces to dress our finished property in chelsea, sw3. looking forward to seeing the photos!'
b'just came back and... omg it made my day this was a really sad day... but it is worth'
b"just cause you're out, does not mean it's ok to ignore me."
b"just checked all my small animals & was genuinely shocked by the cold. i'd forgotten it could be this cold."
b'just cut my hand opening a door'
b"just donated 200 books to library's free table. stopped to talk to an old coworker and people were already clustered around table. good"
b'just do not understand how you invest so much time into one person, and they could careless about you'
b'just downloaded the mp3 version of " together in love " and i can not really get over. suzy\'s voice is just so sweet & angelic.'
b'just do your job and stop complaining. we all are stressed and have a lot to do. you do not need to stand in the back and talk about people unamused face'
b'just dug our allotment sweet potatoes... this year the mice moles & slugs left us with quite a few - sweet potato chips for tea tonight'
b'just failed another physics test unamused face'
b"just failed another physics test. that's 3 in a row. jackpot!"
b'just failed my physics test'
b'just finished another crochet project (so many scarfs omg ) and now i need to come up with a new one so i can continue watching jessica jones'
b'just finished my last day at work ayyoo'
b"just finished season 5 of dexter. let's start season 6! i am glad i found that website?"
b"just forget what you've learned, just forget what you've heard, the truth just confirmed, i can not bare the sight of you anymore."
b'just found an almost full munchie box in my fridge from last night, absolutely heavenly surprise'
b"just found out a spider's been living in my shower. just hanging out. quietly. watching me. so, long story short, i have a new boyfriend!"
b"just found out everyone that's gonna be at the chili cook off. smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'just found out my male dance partner from when i was out and drunk as fuck last friday night works with my mum'
b'just found out my visual art class is sculpting...'
b'just found out that i am a mean person'
b'just found out we got a new kid at school... also just found out the probable reason for why he has to come here. *eye roll *'
b"just found this photo from last year's meeting. so many messages here."
b"just fyi, i am here to emotionally support anyone who's devastated by the news that gravity falls is ending."
b'just going i wait at the airport all night in toronto cuz airports are so fun at 4am smile'
b'just going to say i have to walk to school in -2 degrees tomorrow in sweat pants'
b'just good morning, our isa league day match 1... good luck our u11 football team and their coach moustafa basuony'
b"just got a credit limit increase on my victoria's secret credit card!"
b'just got a depressingly long email about how disappointing someones sunday lunch was. no mention when they were here. service was great though'
b'just got an injection into my butt crack and it was not fun. no no no'
b'just got done with the table read for the pilot episode of day by day. great job everyone. super excited to see'
b'just got home from my last day at work'
b'just got home from the hospital'
b'just got my first real person paycheck. and i love my job. life is great.'
b'just got my freshly washed pyjamas of the radiator and i swear they smell of 100 % love and joy'
b'just got my gorgeous boyfriend another prezzie smile xxxx'
b'just got off the horn with clint. told me he really gives a shit what people think.'
b'just gotta release this frustration'
b'just had a dream that i met harry at a costa and he was with his mum and nan and waking up to know that did not happen low key killed me'
b'just had bomb carne asada fries & cali burrito from just glad i got in before they ran out of food!'
b'just had some1 try to tell me julius randle is " ass " lol. got glasses on saying " doesnt pass my eye test ". your eyes do not pass the eye test'
b'just had the scariest nightmare of my entire life. weary face'
b'just had the weirdest conversation and i could not pretend to be more dumb all my life \xf0\x9f\x98\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\x9f'
b'just heard about paris, may god & the universe heal and love during these tuff times. pray for paris.'
b'just heard a conversation going on at wal -mart about a girl who is getting married to a hobo...'
b'just hoping things get better soon, this is shit'
b'you should go, i " am really sarcastic'
b"happy birthday beautiful! maybe one summer we'll end up working together again smile i hope your day was great! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"thanks for the shoutout! we're happy we could give you a mood boost today smile what did you order?"
b'justin, 1. the understhirt is like 3 sizes too big 2. the water thing was dumb 3. i only saw you on tv because my mom has the remote'
b"justin ain't got shit on me."
b'i wonder if justin ever looks over this old account and see back home at smile at himself a little justin bieber'
b'justin bieber and selena gomez are " super excited " to see each other at the'
b'at the time we were buying had exhausted us help'
b'awe inspriing, the leader of the beliebers, he is soooo loved by the girls, he is soooo loved by the girls, that the girls,'
b'i agree 100% people do not realize that we are all humans. and the media take "celebs" like you have to be perfect.'
b'can not wait to finally see you in 39 days i love you'
b'agh my stupid android phone will not let me listen!'
b'do not give up that life is that, continue the journey, pursue your dreams, unlock time, run the debris and unclog the sky'
b'do not let anyone bring you down because you are such an amazing person smile'
b"drama drama drama. it's all about the music."
b'hey love ur pic i need help pls i am not a stalker do not get me wrong i am from south africa pls i beg you pls my no 0795485976'
b'hi! i love you so much. you are my everything. you my life and dream. can you follow me?\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5121'
b'how do you dare to go there jay im so pissed'
b'i do not have school wednesday so feel free to pick me up on your way to nyc'
b'i dont promise what the stars nor am painted in fishmonger clouds i do not have the heart, but if your love lasts,,,,,,.'
b'i feel sorry for all those poor people in that crowd, watching a talentless fuck mime shit others write for him.'
b'i guess i can check that off the bucket list'
b'i love you up to the moon and back'
b'i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you'
b'i am still waiting dates of purpose tour on brazil, releases the dates for us! we love you so and we miss you, everyday.'
b'i am waiting for you come to purpose in thailand please come to thailand'
b'in love with this album. best one yet. emoji modifier fitzpatrick type 6 smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'in the end i still find my own living, and you are not the who feed me. bye'
b'i wants some justin bieber tickets and they are all sold out'
b'i will always love you and i do not think i could ever love someone as much as you \xf0\x9f\x92\x9c\xf0\x9f\x92\x9c\xf0\x9f\x92\x9c'
b"i will not let go i'il be you light faint tonight"
b'biber by now you should know that people love you so much please stop been harsh for nothing.'
b'justin i love you so much, but i miss you more!'
b'justin bieber just keeps getting better and better'
b'just live every moment you earned it with your heart work i know sometimes it gets crazy but we are there to support'
b'nobody really cares. follow your tantrums of kid. go with your " princess ", have if she loves you as much as we.'
b'oh but like what do mean better make up your mind'
b'please returns on instagram \xf0\x9f\x99\x8f\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd\xf0\x9f\x98\x82 but we love you all the same'
b'puberty is gonna hit you one of these days, and its gonna hit like a bus.'
b'just so you know the budget is \xc2\xa320 so can not hire you for the day plus i would want you to be with ur family anyway'
b'justin bieber songs keep getting better n better omffffffff'
b'thank you for always making me smile again while this world is so fucked up and while people yell at me "girl" (i\'m transgender)'
b'we loves you. we never leave you. remember'
b'justin bieber went from that cute kid down the street to that creepy 25 yo down the street who still lives with his parents and sells drugs'
b"we're doing this for you, we love you. give us strength through a tweet."
b'whats good. im trying homie but she on my mind cant do nothing but think of her. holla at her for me "get out of her feelings"'
b'whenever i hear your voice i feel so refreshed!! just touches my heart!!may god bless you!! \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x99\x8f'
b'without you in my life i am so lonely without you i am nothing heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart i love you more than anything in this whole wide world heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'words are not enough to describe how much i am proud of you. we are here for you no matter what, just dont forget it. i love you'
b'you deserve it so much we love you so much heavy black heart i am proud of our idol.'
b"you make me happy, i know where i'll be, right by your side cause you're the one for me"
b"you're a goddam selfish bastard. and you know that."
b'your fans love you and you know it! no one should judge who loves you as you are happy i am happy but not doing its luv'
b"you shoudn't bc some people never understand. and it's hurt you more than anyone when they're awful with people that you love."
b'you look awesome best bro'
b"just incase you're having a bad day here is a puppy swimming \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"just incase you're having a bad day, just watch how this dog walks in the snow"
b'just incase you were having a bad day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'sorry. you feel your feels. btw - (i need to find that shirt )'
b'justin is such a fun and lovable person to stan'
b'i do not know where to find any asians in champaign.'
b"just in : mass shooting in new orleans ' 9th ward ; up to 16 people hurt after shooters fire into crowd of hundreds :"
b'justin please follow me i love oyu so much'
b'ha sweet! i am getting better at recognizing them. very useful too. helps me to know if less likely to break down (or up )'
b'i am starting to get the sense your legit butt hurt about my comments'
b'justin schultz will return during road trip'
b"pretty cool. look forward to games podcasts if you're interested to initiate one lol, the graph and geekfit are my favorite ~"
b"justin's here and ariana is not coming so im gonna take a shower"
b'justin singing sorry to selena is so beautiful'
b"justin's vocals are the best he's ever been. he sounds amazing, those falsettos and high notes. everything is on point. welcome back jb."
b'just in! we have recently added a 1990 nissan 300zx to our inventory. check it out :'
b'i am in class too but i am gonna watch when he performs lol'
b'she killed it with this performance and did an awesome job loved it'
b'i was honestly almost too nice to file the first one smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat until their fireworks shot into my porch and exploded scaring the pups expressionless face'
b'just keep swimming'
b'just keep waking up and falling back asleep sad'
b'way to have my back doo doo! smile'
b'just knocked my mirror and apologised to it'
b'just know i am making my cake \xf0\x9f\xa4\x91\xf0\x9f\xa4\x91'
b'just knowing that i do not have to go to school on monday makes me happy'
b"good you'll save more money that way"
b'just laying in the dark listening to good music finally relaxing'
b'just laying in the dark with all these thoughts going through my mind'
b'just learn to mind yo business bitch'
b'just leaving for maidenhead biggest game in our history can not wait x'
b'just let me get my hair braid'
b'just like a cute 4 year old kid running around wearing slippers aww so cute'
b"just listened to nigel farage live from london on internet, and its hard to believe, but he's getting better. well done"
b"just looking at my chrome search bar history. i've googled some weird shit"
b'just lost my first car after two months of having it. loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'just loved " right for you " by on'
b'just made cereal in the kitchen while my parents were asleep in the living room and did not wake them up. skill.'
b"just met in line at an airport starbucks ; she's so nice and gorgeous. boyfriend geeked out when i told him who i met too smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'just met 3 she is the best sport ever! music gets cut off and you still know how to smash it!'
b"just mp3 version of that dilwale trailer's alvida song has been downloaded more than 6 lacs times,"
b'just need too pack my shit up and get away for awhile.'
b'just one of them ): (it was great though )'
b'just one of the traits that i got from him. at di ako pinababayaan ng tatay ko promise. : " )'
b'just ordered all my birthday presents and i am so happy with my purchases smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'just over here wishing i was blake lively'
b'ahhh so sorry for your lost sweetie. thoughts and prayers are with you and the family ((twugs ))'
b'just played a game of beer pong with my pants down lol'
b'just playing, i do not care. smile'
b'just play with my hair. and scratch my back and buy me cute things and love me and tell me i am pretty'
b'just posted a photo'
b'just posted a photo hotel santo domingo - madrid'
b'just posted a photo ville de tremblay en france'
b'just posted a throwback photo w/ someone you guys might know on instagram! like & comment \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f x'
b'just probably made a low 80 on aflac test and failed a physics lab test right after it smile'
b'just proves who your true friends are face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy wow'
b'just read about the hate crime against a muslim female at sdsu. so disappointed and disgusted. stay safe.'
b"just read a review that said patterson isn't a bad guy and i'm? ah. yes. manipulating people to get what you want is a lovely quality!"
b'just realised how soon school starts again. can not wait'
b"just realized my sister's dirty comment in my snapchat story"
b'just recalling that time we as kids watched a horse drown in the never ending story. really cool kids film'
b'just received some herbs seeds from the rhs school gardening cant wait till its sunny to start growing them with school kids'
b'just remembered bengals play another prime time game tomorrow night'
b'just remembered i have an assignment due next thursday and havent started it. great'
b'just reminded myself of the absolute joy of fightin with playin this channel 4 teletext belter.'
b"just saw from at the i assume he's getting a royalty in some way."
b'just saw sara and ellie in cornwall smile'
b'just saw the highlights holly holm is a nice lady and great fighter! i am a huge fan of both of these tuff'
b'just saw the preview for i can not wait!'
b"just saw tonight's episode of doctor who. completely devastated. i did not cry, mind you... it was the bowl of onions near my couch, i swear."
b"just seeing my sweet niece's face over ultrasound pictures made me cry! smiling face with heart shaped eyes swear i can not wait to meet her! hurry up dreamy"
b'just seen these dudes get arrested for fighting!... brought back memories! lmfao weary face face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue'
b'just send in the poor'
b'just showed my mom the video of me dancing and she was like " you did so good joshua! "'
b'just -shower -thoughts : when i am watching a movie i am just watching someone at work. it just so happens their'
b'just sleep with your eyes burdened by problems.. and your eyes will never open again'
b'just smile when i text you & pick up when i call.'
b'thanks! i think the course was 1/2 mile too long but other than that, it was great. though my hip flexors feel differently ;-)'
b'just spent 15 on a cuban, young nigga out here really foolin'
b'just spent like 30 minutes dealing with a bloody nose wtf, what a day unamused face'
b'just spit my gum in the hallway'
b"just started listening to the and it is the bee's knees. happy to donate."
b"just stood outside of school waiting for my dad and it was freezing! and it sure isn't helping my cold! lol"
b'just stuck pizza in da oven...'
b'just submitted my second last assessment... i swear the feeling is slightly bitter sweet'
b'just testing this avi quickly.'
b'just the pitter-patter of rainfall in my mind'
b'just thinking bout this shit sends chills thru my body face with cold sweat'
b'just told the big guy to get off my machine as i had one set left. he apologised.'
b'just tried tesco exotic fruits range wow so fresh and full of flavour! want more yummy'
b'just turned the heater on for the first time this year. we made it pretty long.'
b"just voted 4 jensen ackles to win favorite sci -fi/fantasy tv actor at people's choice awards 2016! cast your vote : please vote 4 mr. ackles"
b'just wait a 5 min and \xd8\xa8\xd9\x84\xd9\x91\xd8\xb9\xd9\x86 your mood.'
b") just wait for it, and it's going to be"
b'just waking up i overslept for my doctors appointment'
b'just walked out my door and a kitty run under my feet smile'
b'just wanna give a shout out to my peeps hope yall have great week! luv yall! \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x9c\x8c face throwing a kiss'
b'just wanna go home and cuddle with my cat'
b'just want it to be january so i can move into my new apartment'
b'just want thick hair & long lashes'
b"just want to point out that everything i tweet isn't mine. all i am doing is sharing fan art, gifs, images ; i apologise if i offend anyone"
b"just want you to be happy and smile that's my goal in love bc i love you"
b'just went and seen michael mcintyre he was amazing never laughed so much much the best ever'
b"just went on a shopping spree for baby e ugh this boy's shoe game weary face"
b'just when life is stressful enough the holidays arrive, adding another stress layer, which can have a long-term impact on your body & mind.'
b"just woke up after a five hour nap. there's no food! face with cold sweat"
b'just wow that license fee is worth every penny.'
b'correction bud not but'
b'charge your phone, young man'
b"mangingilatis ka nga but you dont have to say we will live in fears for 6 years. you're like judging duterte. smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'jyotin mohanty commented " shame " on the discussion'
b'thank you. wish you a blessed weekend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'omg haha! poor you ha naw you can be dirty'
b'kadang -kadang, ignorance is just the most stupid things to do when bincang something. its not a bliss anymore.'
b'your gonna fucking hate it, make sure you eat no matter how bad your mouth hurts or you will get sick.'
b'soon will take an online course on spiritual growth and self-improvement you interested?'
b"yes! let's give our best! just a little more! aand! im good! smile i ate a lot this month so i gained weight ;; but im good! smile"
b': i think this girl is mad and was subtweetig me yesterday lol " do not you just love it when that happens lol'
b"good after i have a pass again in the future when i go down there i'll be willing to pick up tea for you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'do my home work if you have time to do that bull shit'
b"because there's nothing to do. we would probably just do what we did last night... nothing face with tears of joy"
b'retweet the stuff so people do the surveys ha smile'
b'literally me when he started yelling lmao'
b'kam is about to have me stressed tonight and going into tomorrow i do not need it loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'this hv no shame at all, they only care for money!'
b'lol that man has won a national championship been to another one 3 sec championships in the sec west.. what else you want'
b'yes they were. fake kandiss danced all night and fake christian called me his twin.'
b'kane will probably get the headlines but dembele deserves them, we could not handle him at all, lanzini played well but such a woeful display'
b'fuck you houston didnt even have a sign or a wall it was a tiny ass store'
b"i actually might not fuck with anyone anymore if i do not go i've been every year"
b'kanye west needs his kanye rest, so he can do his kanye best on that kanye test.'
b'made a song saying that he made famous. use common sense and logic to realize that she had more followers than him'
b'people hate on me for how much i look up to you. i love you man. idc about them haters. they just mad.'
b"pumped for saint pablo satuday! i am moving to a new apartment thursday, if you're around we could use a hand. i'll buy burritos."
b'the only person who can join follow nobody, 0 post and have 211k follower.'
b"who cares about your fuckin' rant you wanna be in hov's position so bad just like your bitch wanna be beyonce friend"
b'you are a 8 birth = money & karma & have a 11 life path = master visionary. numerology & chineseastrology can help you big time'
b'jo bhi ho no one knows bt i just love to hear this song in ur voice smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x87'
b'do not you think for bmc you should speak with maha govt than pm?? use ur brains you idiot'
b"kapuso updates are you excited about the remake of 'encantadia ' in 2016? watch this fan-made teaser."
b"you're such a good friend ilysm"
b'just passed by your house bud?'
b'fam i know you did not just come at me sideways k will roast you faster than a baked potato on the sun'
b"maaaaybe! i'll have to keep on checking back smile"
b"i love this too, i love knowing that he'll never even think of them when he jerks off cause nobody pleases daddy like me (us )\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x88"
b'3 of my absolute favorite! one day i wanna group pic with meeeeee smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i dont drink coffee i mean, i cant. always ordered a chocolate drink everytime i hang out at the coffee house with friends weary face'
b'love you too go to bed you bitty face throwing a kiss'
b"kate dicamillo's thoughts on how reading aloud brings people together."
b'shocker. a shame thr failed to see that woc are also women who experience wage gaps'
b"is it worse or getting better? it's getting worser"
b'love in the dark is so good too ugh face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"1. i just finished drinking one of those lol 2. you're still my friend, but no one ever visits me pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face pensive face"
b'no mansion here but i txt my kids upstairs bc i am too lazy to walk up there & i hate yelling.'
b'you should try throwing school into that equation... it makes things so much more fun!'
b"it's a real credit to you guys that so many generous & caring people will happily spend ~1/56 of a year watching/donating yearly."
b'is allowed to have a world that you do not define just because you think you are oppressed.'
b"kate walsh reveals she went through early menopause : 'i'm not going to have kids '"
b'any plans to work with harry enfield again. never laughed so much smile'
b"she's watching tv now i guess she's over it thankyou for the prayers"
b'hey long-lost friend. good to see you on here! how are you doing?'
b'we certainly do not want to interrupt his golf schedule'
b"i also had my hair cut today & went to tesco - hope that's okay"
b"haha! every year on new year's my dad comments on the morons freezing their butt off in ts!"
b"just the thing for when she's getting porked lol... bet she likes a good spit roast face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"they continue to insult the american people's intelligence by ignoring us. why is it they never interview us?"
b"that's real great to post so everyone can see katy... you are low."
b'32 years ago, you made 3 people very happy, but today you make at least half a billion people happy, how does it feel??'
b"and when it's time to hit the road, they kept their promise"
b'but please google larry nichols. he knows more about hillary than anyone. he put it all on video before they could find him and'
b"goodmorning! i woke up this morning and had a fun idea i'd love to hear you sing the show must go on by queen have a great day!"
b'hi katy, i am trying to verify a story. did you know any guy with the last name " murphy " while you were in grade school?'
b'idk if i can ever have my room messy now, what if you just come knocking on the door'
b'if i were straight you would be my first choice'
b'i got ur mascara and it is not good can you paypal me money'
b"i hope the nun from the conjuring 2 comes to you when you're sleeping because you bitch will not let me sleep"
b'i am not exactly "peter pan", the boy who never grew up, but i still value what youthfulness i have and i appreciate urs too babe.'
b'i need your advice is it possible to fall in love with someone younger than you?'
b"like it's almost time to clean the carpet again like for real adult shit"
b'notice me before i go to sleep quick i need your blessing'
b"please please please come to lu bagnu in sardinia please please please it's just one hour from youuuuu"
b"rip tour bear, i'll never see it the same way..."
b'that was not an answer do you like twenty one pilots or not'
b"well i can not live without twitter. and sometimes i do believe everything that's on internet. face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'we need to fight this. we were robbed of a world of love and kindness and flung into dark hatred. fight!!!'
b'what do you think about miley cyrus? would you do her cooperation? x41'
b'you can earn 5000$ today from the comfort of your home at be heavily rewarded for a simple task'
b'thank you... for the pain.. sometimes i wish i invested more time in jrock and getting into it earlier'
b'well yeah you better enjoy your life with your new boo too huh? \xf0\x9f\x92\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\xab'
b'kavita j. patel : being a strong woman does not mean having to do it all on your own'
b'whats so funny lol'
b"it's too late to try to be trendy"
b'kayla having a whole weekend concert in her room'
b'you are spilling so much tea tonight, i love it'
b'kayla is in the other room and i can here her listening to 5sos videos and ive never wanted to run away more.'
b'you me and your dad need to stay here lol jk that will never happen but still'
b': i love it when the nail salon says they\'ll be 15 minutes when you\'ve been waiting 30 "?'
b'royalty free means no performance royalties, not free of copyright. most composers use to protect their work on'
b'lol this is so funny'
b'what an annoying butt, i saw more of his comments. totally considering to comment his stuff with bullshit xp'
b'k can not believe i am taking the bus the first day of school'
b'quay_reenee_hac : olive garden is always packed, but its worth the wait'
b'credit limit :the maximum amount of credit that is available on a credit card.'
b'not a fan of okc or gsw but that was just a dick move you pulled of!'
b"you'll never be a great with your easy path ass. what a fuckin clown"
b'kean + msu + seton hall is confirmed buy it now - rt to win free tickets'
b'kean university is confirmed rt to win free tickets'
b'funny when dermot says to you about 3 days into the course " 0h is your boyfriend a manager lol'
b'keep calm and listen to'
b"keep connected with us online! here's how!"
b'keep em on they feet baby i know they so confused " mywce if it ain\'t real i do not want it & it super real smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'keep human factor under control'
b'keeping up with the kardashians, mtv hits and movies on hbo and fox is killing me. i am not freaking studying. ughh. add maths is on tuesday.'
b'keep interested in your own career, however humble ; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.'
b'mmmm idk i love e way to much to ever say i did not enjoy it once ha i think i just gata try it takeaway once'
b"keep it up boo, so proud. you're work ethic is next level!"
b"coach it sounds like some sum a bitch is pissed off because you've thrown away more money coaching than his ass has ever made"
b"keeps it classy and sexy on the red carpet tonight and we're smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'keeps it classy even when the next bitch tries to get nasty!'
b'keep the doggybag for the time you get home sick'
b'keep this going.. they deleted the tweet'
b'keep tryna impress these ppl who could careless about you sleeping face'
b'keep waking up &falling back to sleep weary face hate been poorly'
b'keep waking up n falling back asleep ugh.'
b'keep your shit lowkey and let people assume what they want'
b'that sounded really sarcastic but love you x x x'
b'i am good w next period but mannn i hate this class rn'
b'bye-bye, papa! thanks for the awesome shows! i wish you all the best (even after hyperprojection ) hope to see you again! smile'
b'before you know me follow me... face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dhehehe call me if you want? i love you sir kellan,, i am mary'
b'thats true even thou my sis shes 5 and she acts like me and over lol its so funny and im only 13 ily xxxxxxxxxx'
b"kellin's speech before they sing better off dead, love this so much i cried and i can not thank them enough literally"
b'not sure if you like madonna (i love her \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb)she performs song on latest tour & does a pretty good job!'
b'this is the goat " its my new shirt "'
b'kelly is my favorite customer. i love her lol'
b'9 yo- camp store- store owner pressed his penis against the small of my back :"purple is nice" - told mom,said dad would be mad'
b'and a very gorgeous boyfriend smile'
b'make sure you pass that driving test today, or jaid can not hang out with you no more.'
b'just hang out at the game a far as i know. probably or best bet.'
b"no you don't. just exam time. if it weren't for tests and papers college would be great!"
b"kelvin -zero : if your having a bad day, remember that palkia is always happy to see you. he'll turn"
b'the crazies make things interesting & amusing sometimes'
b'from a mindset of power, to one of using the best ideas from across all parties along the spectrum.'
b'face with tears of joy smiling face with heart shaped eyes do not worry bestie, is always there for you.'
b'i think being in love is a privilege. i hope everyone gets the privilege \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"it's literally my birthday today and what a day to watch kuwtk! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'"kendall your gonna be some kinda heartbreaker. but i guess the picture says it all.'
b'you can not even imagine how much i love you'
b'goodnight beautiful'
b"i wish i was as cool as y'all smiling face with sunglasses"
b"a train is interesting, yeah. i find the am amusing ; it's termini are the closest together in the system"
b"kennedy also good in the left back. ivanovic very improved, & this attacking, free flowing football, resembles a champion's team"
b'i am still on the ground'
b"we're happy you want to join our team, kenneth we're ready when you are. dm us to get started. *res"
b'kenny came through with these groceries. now my fridge is only half full of lost hopes and dreams.'
b'we do not fuck police we do not fuck with pigs'
b'see you later enjoy the game smile'
b'kentucky state police say a house fire that killed a family of four was intentionally set in murray, ky.'
b'this is not so good'
b'kerala become one of the worst state. in terms corruption, favourisem for corrupt work &kikeback were it going to end'
b"i guess you're right... but i did not wanna see that shit for 4 -5 episodes lol i was ready to tune the shit out ha"
b'can not be in ttown in person for your fundraiser, but i am there in spirit. prayers up!'
b'you used " full moon with face " i am shocked.. yeah because i just love the cold \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d very fun, much joy \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9d'
b'you could come to my school. i have a fridge full of beer'
b'love you to hope you have the best of holidays with your family. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f winking face'
b'i would love to work hard in hollywood, but im far to ugly and shy, only the young and beautiful live in the public eye.\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d'
b"my 90 year old grandmother wants to go ziplining in my new town and i think it's wonderful! she can handle it!"
b"you keep proving why you're the king shark of i enjoy watching you only thing that matters"
b'kevin spacey will always be my favorite actor'
b"we swear we're legit. shayla bailed on the sweet potato tho & saved ya a spot at the bottom if you want!"
b'luton u18s are all you need to watch. i would say already one prem player there and eight with big potential.'
b'11pm sat in my parents house ready to go out yawning with a blanket around me. mom was like you aint going out!'
b"that's a freaky doll and you and your sister are hilarious! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'key to high school : if you do not look at your grades, you do not have anything to worry about'
b'pay attention in class and quit tweeting. this guy is the man and accounting is so interesting'
b'only just started following you but do not feel bad at not looking as slim as some. be happy with how you are'
b"it's literally my birthday today and what a day to watch kuwtk! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"khloe come on for real - for jeans, that's ridiculous. your jeans are no different from any other pair out there."
b'we knw you will, we have faith in you and we need you 2 kick some butt'
b'you do not have to expect the worst though. why does the thinking have to be negative? plus, something could be worse than pregnancy'
b'damnnn... i swear he gets sexier every god damn day and i get uglier... goodnight, sweet dreams kian'
b'im meeting my bestfriend today because of you'
b'kicking off the week to thanksgiving with a gratitude practice. schedule a gratitude visit to someone in your'
b'kick start your weekend here, live shows just started.. happy dam friday!'
b'that actually sounds really sarcastic, sorry. it really is nice though. no sarcasm.'
b'you are the cutest being alive i swear'
b'kick ur butt into living up to ur high standards! 40 day leap.. all the energy support + energetic coaching to leap!'
b'kid cudi always gets my mind feeling good'
b'please check out my omnipotent track i would really appreciate it'
b'kid goes swimming with a bunch of ducklings, how cute! \xf0\x9f\x90\xa3\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8a'
b'she might not remember but i never forgot! that was quite an impressive inverted headlock.'
b'kids freak out after their dad gives them vegetables instead of toys.'
b'kids get to visit incarcerated moms for the holidays thanks to fundraiser - gratitude to & mav &v'
b'kids have no respect anymore. funny, but seriously. i would hate to be a cop or teacher.'
b"kids sleeping over at papa's house, so we had an early dinner with friends. a little duo housework and now i am soaking in a bubble bath."
b"kids with special needs are not weird or odd. they only want what everyone else's wants --to be accepted! can i"
b'dang... i am jealous of layne.. i wish i was cool enough to have a movie date with keel.. crying face'
b"he'll suit your footballing style"
b'happy birthday kieran! hope you have an amazin day balloon xx'
b'kiera winters is looking swag and loves b'
b'is dope my favorites are : " l. e. d. ", " make me better " & " take me there "'
b'i know right? so very strange, but it made my day smile'
b'all it says is that you hoes bandwagon on any and everybody ur fave covers music on'
b'because you aint a girl. you dont got a girl body so you dont speak about the girl body. bitch'
b'kilgrave was under control of the tesseract all along, cant believe this!'
b'killer beats - buy 1 get 1 free! - sell your cds royalty free!'
b'lol if my pc did that i would find a way to fix it myself but my pc is weak it can not run that game i'
b'im having a great time talking to you ps who will sarah become in legends of tomorrow'
b'hey its god and i want butt'
b"hope ur ok after the hotel incident i've read about x"
b'ignore her kim, she is not worth your time, love you face throwing a kiss'
b"i am exactly the same i hate dancing unless i've had a drink, then i can not stop!"
b'is living right now for her husband speech'
b"i think a boy to carry on the kardashian name as that's always cute, but a girl would be so cute too!!! \xf0\x9f\x92\x95\xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x92\x95"
b"it's kinda hypocritical to demand a service and simultaneously judge the person providing it, you know?"
b"it's literally my birthday today and what a day to watch kuwtk! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'robert dont know nothing bout me. i live in newcastle washington.'
b'this is your best look up to date in my opinion, amazing kim \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'what do you think of ppls percep of u? the intellectual world is not impressed... is money & selfies all you can do? dad think?'
b'why not set example 4 children & donate 2 starving kids? all i ever read is how much you all waste on u.'
b'so congrats to and joey on this amazing news! i love you and i can not wait to sit on your baby (babysit i am funny )'
b'mind followback? smile lets be friends 3'
b'kinda care, kinda do not give a fuck'
b'kinda mad at ole milford right now but god i hope he feels all this love.. we busted your chops but we all loved you, brother.'
b'kinda scared now of how high my credit limit is on my vs credit card grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'kinda sucks missing someone who could careless about you'
b'kinda tuff the only time i step in hypesquad i get with gatorade hehe the universe love snaking me'
b"i suppose so. either way, they're practically contagious, and then the whole town gets into it and it just will not die."
b'he laughed brightly and went back to searching for a nice casual outfit for romano, humming to himself'
b'it\'s cool i went by myself like look at this " art "'
b'kind woman buys entire contents of toy shop so homeless children will not go without this christmas'
b'i told you and that phil got things under control in ny.. knicks fans was upset for nothin'
b'i am glad to hear it smile'
b'the kinda shit you hear not knowing whether to laugh or weep'
b'james. i am your fans from china. i love you for many years. if you can, please can you talk to me.'
b'the second book was great though. the second half'
b"king of affordable tickets. y'all owe my husband an apology. stupid ass, bandwagon ass, say anything for rt ass hoes"
b'i think its one of the worst thing tht can happen in a relationship. dem sumn deh scar you fi life. i am not thinking about it.'
b'glad ur feeling good this morning! smile'
b'can i get tickets for free if you come to vegas'
b"yaaaaaaaaaaay *insert 'always look on the bright side of life ' joke here* smile"
b'i still go there whenever i am on irc. do not care if nobody ever talks.'
b"hmm, so it's just like you and shindou!"
b'{she takes it } so what you want lovely?'
b'africa is about to sleep now, the service was great though. happy sunday to you. lol.'
b'kirk hinrich is so serious about his accessories he has bracelet tattoos wow i respect his dedication to accessories so much'
b'lol kirk. great seeing you on big brother bit on the side the other night. please tweet me back & follow me. thanks'
b'good so happy for you'
b'on the phone " it can work, just look, lamar and chloe kardashian have been together for 3 years now "'
b'lol no face with tears of joy'
b'me and kibum love you too hehehe'
b'this about sums it up'
b"(i'm trying to be subtle here, but *someone* ain't following the script, cramping my style )"
b"it's no worse then for colored girls that's 1 negative ass movie"
b"when you're such a good friend and trynna figure out why you can not keep a man"
b'your parents must be so proud that there daughter is a whore'
b'is it bad that i laughed when i saw the shirt?'
b'cool but the fact that you have a great day for the first half of the year before the update is rad. rad. rad. rad? rad.'
b'hi i miss your pretty face already'
b"girrrllll. it gets real when you've been drinking lol but i've learned to play candy crush or just go to sleep lol"
b'plz do not say what happens. i still need to watch it'
b'klay thompson on when reach their peak : " it\'s going to be a scary thing to see "'
b'as long as you keep up with your 1 liners and sense of humor should be great! you rock tony!'
b'klopp at liverpool is scaring me right now'
b'klopp : " looking forward to city clash - two week break is long enough! "'
b"klopp lost against crystal palace at home... he's winning at incosistent shitty and now he's the greatest"
b"klopp's magic ynwa 3 \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic"
b'aww thats good. ill txt you later n we cud catch up smile'
b'i am gone always buy your albums and go to concerts support you and always gone love you crown face with tears of joy'
b"face throwing a kiss thanks for being the realist! i'll forever support"
b'agreed. son1 came to same conclusion abt gas when he saw ppl drive to next town to save 3 cents a litre'
b'duuuuuuuuude and dudette jim nantz classes up the joint like he is right now and like he does on knbr! love it'
b'for no good reason i can come up with, i in fact deserve them.'
b'fight me yamato log hair is cool. look at kouji... or you like 3 years ago'
b"knowing that i've found exactly what i've been waiting for, for so long makes me so happy. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'knowledge is power ignorance is bliss do not let everything you know come out learn to keep your power but dnt b ignorant.'
b'happy birthday beautiful have an amazing day!'
b'know the enemy daily links 11/20: broncos looking forward to " weird " reunion with john fox'
b'know what i love about? she keeps it classy on stage and owns it every time'
b'know what you want for yourself, and do it for yourself. stop trying to impress people who can careless about you'
b"know you mutually and you are effortlessly gorgeous! smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x80\x94 aww thank you! this is so sweet sad who's this? x"
b'know your worth enough to walk away from something that could careless about you'
b'there is strength in numbers xx'
b'one day away from being 38. time has wings just how you said.'
b'why you never say shit about the senseless killing?'
b'k " " ok " and " okay " are three very different things'
b'kokuhaku has long blue hair, cut horizontally in the front. she has hazel eyes in the pc version, however her eyes are gray in the psp versi'
b'kompany must be feeling fantastic about himself right now. what an obvious addition to the team.'
b'awe good thats so great i love people that love them im so happy i can get someone back into them'
b'is this one of those " family on 4. 5m a year say its not enough " headlines?. _.'
b'korean japanese who live in japan often use japanese names and maybe used intentional insult hand sign.'
b'hopefully i see you then bc imma be in sf for thanksgiving. stay safe family'
b'watching your documentary on fantastic insight into the real kp, true class'
b'speaking of work. half of the day has gone and i still havent started the first assignment, i cant believe me wow'
b'-your asking me a question about science when i may get merrked?!. smile yes'
b"would not expect anything less from ya's, amped to hear the new banger soon!"
b"that's awesome he knows about him haha! this movie just came on and i never bothered to change the channel and here i am."
b'all wrapped up nice and cosy and ready for blackpool my lovely one cant wait to see my gorgeous girl on sat night x'
b"it's cool seeing rob on the show tell him i said congratulations on becoming a father"
b'that should never happen to a sweet lady like you'
b'in greece we also have great weather. we will be very happy to see you here too maybe for summer. love your books'
b"kristen who's amber they're scaring me why do you have creepy friends"
b"sound mate appreciate it. we were missing quite a few players so it's a blessing really."
b'oh yeah i am in bed drinking beer by myself on a friday night watching laguna beach.. lol at my social life smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'good so happy you like our pie crust, we use only the best to make it'
b'great conversations happening with great to see young people engaged'
b'there have been people arrested for fighting each other at these protests. not all cops kill innocent minorities and not all'
b"we're glad to know the manager was able to keep things under control. thanks for letting us know, hope that you visit us soon!"
b'ks get my mind off of the stressful things in my life.'
b'ks has never failed amusing us. it is getting more interesting.'
b'ks is always a splice of reel and real... are they in the process of aligning both even more? *wink*'
b'ksp : believes 24 yo woman did not die as a result from the house fire. fire believed to have been intentionally set. investigation ongoing'
b'ksp : fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found'
b'ksp : fire intentionally set to cover up murders'
b'ksp on scene of fatal house fire. a family of four is dead. autopsy will be tomorrow. fire set intentionally.'
b'made my day when you threw that ball to me at practice. really needed that today. thanks!'
b"imho it's better than the louvre. better layout, more of the stuff i love. so glad you're getting to take it in!"
b'thanks for following us, sign up for our interior design magazine at'
b"it's probs because you have a stupid android"
b'my best compliment for a successful completion of rpp central meeting.'
b'i was so upset about the movie. i rather liked it but it did not do well. i love the books! and jace'
b'kuf needs someone to keep her in line i am glad amb can do that for her.'
b'can only speak for myself, but yes i would call anyone who did that an idiot.'
b"how the heck does iggy pop do it, man? i'd have to starve myself to be that thin and then the abs, too?!"
b'kungfu panda ciee -- rt : waiki opo -_- rt andinedam : mirip afika? -__ - rt : (cont )'
b'i am smoking a brisket'
b'no i am not, but i dealt with enough people fighting me when they are getting arrested. if he did nothing why fight?'
b': lawddd why did me & gary put a hole in my mama wall she gon kill us? "?'
b'how bout some blunts & a massage this weekend? you do not need to be stressed out like that'
b'i think most doctors would love to be like that, if they only had the time and resources.'
b'your performance was great though'
b'the better you dress the closer to the front you are, they judge you on what you look like'
b'kyla is back from nmsu.. lunch date with the best friend should be great!'
b'nothing gets me like the fry cook games. " my name\'s not rick! "'
b'subtle drum cues off of laptop speakers are not my friend'
b'that second clip was great, though. you really deconstructed his stupid thought experiment about flipping sides.'
b'nope, i can not stand to lick envelopes either... yuck!'
b'kyle russell, thanks for following me!'
b'kylie and tyga broke up which is pretty much proof that love is dead'
b'thank god is false cause i was mad w you angry face'
b"kylie jenner and tyga breaking up makes more headlines than france bombing a children's hospital in syria? okay white media."
b'if you buy the iphone 7 please give me your old???'
b"it's literally my birthday today and what a day to watch kuwtk! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"stuck in an elevator is gonna be tomorrow's top news face with rolling eyes"
b'that we sent stuff to hannah? no. correction. we told her to her face what happened. no screenshots involved for me.'
b"can you like... erase hyunsik? otherwise i'll look for another one"
b'happy birthday x'
b'goodnight beautiful, i hope you had good day today n i hope you have a good sunday tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes follow back'
b'lab gown. finally good'
b"oh he goin '.. he got arrested two days ago for havin ' a firearm on him.. not to mention he surrenders in sept. for taxes"
b'ladies, do not heed any of this nonsense. becoming what you hate will only make you hate yourself in the long run.'
b'lady at said i was really pretty. made my day. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'was interesting and amusing at first but now... becoming slightly annoying'
b'are you fucking stupid? read the news... permits sexual abuse of kids by male coaches.'
b'bitch come thru with the next episode of making joanne'
b'hey ms. joanne please visit the best buy in wyomissing pa to do some searching for the cds'
b'i feel connected if you knew i was dancing on my own with the lights turned off! feels so good to be free'
b'i listened to right before i fell asleep and first thing again when i woke up'
b'i wish i had a friend like you! your so loving and supportive, i have no one in my life like that. thank you for the great music!'
b'perfect illusion, babies monsters are looking forward to the fall'
b"'s single is out so y'all can bury me whenever"
b'stop with the instagram puzzle posts bitch i want to murder you'
b'waiting for the clip million reasons. i hope it will as before queen.'
b'why is so hard to get noticed by you.. whatever i love you!'
b"you know it's broke my heart that you're dating someone else, but i still love you to the moon <;3"
b"and also looking forward to going to my friend's house on thanksgiving for football and chilling :3"
b'lady macbeth\'s sudden " " he killed my sister, waaah! " was hilarious and credit to mgy for the head turn and pursed lips. not overdone'
b'lagu miss a really made my day'
b'lainey & i used to facetime all the time before she got her stupid android. miss that. worry'
b'he is very subtle, calculative and smart and ppl rather believe his smile face so face with cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'unless its lfc, cos there such a big club'
b'yes prayers for everyone suffering'
b'happy birthday grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88'
b'very cool! wish i could go but i am in fresno this weekend. my mom has stage 4 cancer. thank you for the invite though!'
b'lol nah i got 12 son, just hmu when you ready to lose'
b'lanafair : i act like i do not have anything to do in my life. yes, this is a picture of'
b'lana is playing in the raven smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lana makes these long bus rides better'
b'too late to try to run now.'
b"it's always packed but their food doe"
b'bring back truth'
b'land of beutiful people beach islands etc.. a land chamions, winners resiliant people are born go visit'
b'q3. we go to our local nursing home & visit with the residents there, sing for them & take small gifts'
b"lang leav's new book sad girls is coming out soon!"
b'lanning with friends at my new house xd :'
b'ik she is the most lovable person i cant breathe'
b'happy 13th birthday! may you never grow up! (i can not wait to say this on your 30th birthday )'
b'lara croft last night was pretty fun. getting out the house for the weekend with friends was relaxing. just needed my bottle of wine'
b'larry rheinheimer on ffp " the check was already sent before the race against wiji " talking about entering in the'
b': hello and thanks for following me. have a great weekend!'
b"last call nc comicon! if you want to come meet me i'll be at 21c. we blew through the line today - went a lot faster."
b'last day at work for three months! disappointed face hold it down dunkin fam! \xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'last day of a fab break in lisbon! work trip to paris has been cancelled so fingers crossed a few days at home!'
b'last day of attactment! fireworks and super early for work! face with tears of joy'
b'last day of chillin. back to work tomorrow.'
b'last day of migration = last day of weekend work! i am gonna miss the adrenalin rush this project brings! congrats to errone, well done guys'
b'last day of sembreak is going to be spent doing school work smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'last day of ski sale 10 -1pm! still need help at clean up at 1 p. m. if anyone is available! thanks to all who helped make it successful!'
b'last day of spanish lab! good for no more 8am'
b'last day of waking up without an alarm. work again tomorrow! good good morning! face throwing a kiss'
b'last day of work and im fucking late'
b"last day of work and then 4 days off. i'll be sending at least two of those days laying in my bed all day"
b'last day of work at this job tomorrow'
b"last day of work for a couple weeks. it'll be nice just to breathe for a moment."
b'last day of work for a week! \xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'last day of work guys omg like finally'
b'last day of work. i\'d love to shout " freedom! " but i got a new job which starts on the 25th. life is tiring'
b'last day of work till after this break! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'last day wrap up... god has chosen you will you choose to do gods work ylcmelb challenge'
b'last few days to do good with your money - with community energy & invest now'
b'last football game tomorrow night aka going out w/ the team after & getting drunk'
b"last night at delta chi's pref night grinning face with smiling eyes hidden valley golf club"
b'last night i had a dream that me and were swimming and he gave me a hickey on my neck and it bruised really bad'
b'last night i had a peace dream... ~ ringo starr'
b'last night i lay in bed so blue cause i realized the truth, they can not love me like you.'
b'last night i met my favorite actor we are now best buddies!'
b'last night i was serving for an award ceremony and for like, young olympic synchronized swimming, so the there was hellla little girls'
b'last night i was so tired i did not even bother going on skype wtf is wrong with me'
b"last night my wee dad lost his fight with cancer, totally heartbroken but glad he's no longer in pain, rip fav guy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'last night! super fun saturday! grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'last night was a lot of fun'
b'last night was fun can not wait for next year'
b'last night was great though'
b'last night was not any more significant than any other night but it was fun'
b"last night was not the night to stay up until 2am it'll be at least 12 hours before i can be reunited with my bed good"
b'last night was so fun smiling face with halo'
b"last night was so much fun with all of these beautiful ladies, everyone did great! love y'all"
b'last night was super fun at the with a surprise viewing of to boot! time to brainstorm with my fellow leads'
b'last night was too much fun. today i shall be a scholar'
b'last night when the sound system started acting all shitty andy looked so lost and just done omg i felt terrible my bby sad'
b'last night with the family... shout out to'
b'last ones in the office & ready to go home! brighton general hospital'
b'last picture without braces, life is just too good sometimes. " : someday you\'ll be everything to someone, just be patient. "'
b'*last tweet subtle way of saying my christmas/birthday wish list consists of any and all on vinyl please and thank you *'
b'last week i told a lady who works with me that pain is an illusion and she laughed at me'
b'last week michelle one of my blog mates read loving mr. daniels. she loved loved it! last year my wonderful'
b'lasvegassun : police : victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set'
b'late brainstormin. idk y i love this melody. best ideas come at night.'
b'late but it was forreal a good feeling seeing kyle and having a small talk love you man and thank you for teaching aha!'
b"lately i've been tossing things in the garbage without any regard as to whether they could be recycled, sold, donated."
b'late night at good food'
b'late nights early mornings hmmm & i say thank yooooooo kissing face with closed eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'late nights, early mornings. i am up though'
b'late nights, early mornings is how i live my life.'
b"late nights, early mornings. it's hard but it will be worth it."
b'late nights early mornings smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'late nights early mornings, thank god for another day'
b"late nights early mornings that's how much i want it."
b'late nights, early mornings weary face weary face weary face'
b"late shorthanded goal by lightning ends rangers ' winning streak at nine |"
b'a star burnt the canadian passport, and he says that he belongs to hamas'
b"hrc is a shill for the wealthy, she pisses on the little ppl but she'll pander to them only to get elected. fuck that stupid bitch!"
b"my heart is with you every step of the way, hoping for something spectacular that will put these fires out and comfort prevail's"
b"omg get over it people was standing there taking in the moment! it wasn't the pledge of allegiance ok!"
b'the whole clinton foundation should be closed down and the money should be donated to help the poor and the mentally ill.'
b'we dealt with obama for 8 heartbreaking years another 4 we just have to super tighten our is all unfortunately'
b'we must avenge this act of terrorism and find out who did this to our land. the gop has to stop finger pointing&work on regulation.'
b': is my natural to fucking retards. " mhmmm that\'s some real shit!'
b'laughed right in front of my face.'
b'laughed so much at gigantic the musical, fat camp like never before, go c it stellar cast'
b'laughing at the idea of making my cake stronger but you had to have had a piece to actually understand'
b'*laughs bc i just failed a physics test per usual *'
b"wow what a gorgeous bundle! this is mine and my boyfriend's first christmas together and in our first house smile x"
b'had enough of being subtle. please notice us please. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'holy fucking shit god damn'
b"lauren (ashton's sister ) posted a snap with dvd | 5 seconds of summer"
b'bestfriend award goes to you trophy i can not wait smiling face with horns love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'oooh lucky! i have 2 classes and 1 lab but textttt me smile'
b'i just be really sarcastic and throw in a few winky faces.. it works surprisingly well'
b'smile baby, the whole world is watching ily \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'i am shocked - my cold, black heart is melting into a puddle!'
b'obviously we should just become singers'
b'you look like a big kid cute'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that's awesome"
b'lauren singing i do not give a fuck at the top of her lungs lmao this is so funny'
b'dang i never knew mrs. solomon can roast face with tears of joy face with tears of joy good job mom'
b'wtf happened to ur mr reality avatar? bring back the stache!'
b"well aren't you just the coolest thing that ever happened to iwu"
b'law students : spend your summer at eff, working on the most interesting legal issues on the internet! apply now :'
b'oomf got me rolling early in the morning tho.?'
b'are you aware ur little brother watches pll with ur sister.. he was telling my sister all about it'
b'bc i get distracted too easily'
b'laying in bed drinking a beer & watching final destination lol'
b'laying in the bed after waking early, the blackouts coming faster than before, while the doctors try and find a way to stop them -'
b'laying in the dark'
b'laying in the dark and being sad is not a good look lol'
b'laying in the dark because football stressed me out'
b'laying in the dark. bored as hell answer these questions'
b'laying in the dark " here, here\'s a booger " harper tells me as i am touching her hand.. loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'laying in the dark in my bed scrolling through twitter sounds like the best option!'
b'laying in the dark, i roll over and see a face right by my phone. it scared the shit out me. fucking nala.'
b'laying in the dark listening to dark side of the moon on vinyl... my kinda night'
b'laying in the dark listening to jb, a well lived life'
b'laying in the dark listening to music'
b'laying in the dark onna floor'
b"laying in the dark thinking isn't so fun"
b'laying in the dark with a cd in the stereo is the best \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'laying in the dark, with a lot on my mental'
b'laying in the dark with a migraine tired face i am gone to bed \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'laying in the dark with kenz lol'
b'laying in the dark with my headphones in smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'layin in bed thinkin about how the nap that i am gonna take when i get home today is gonna be'
b'i know right i loved that shit in crucible'
b'9. ears pierced, but i want a nose ring and tattoos when i am older'
b"you're such a good friend for makin ' me feel pretty face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'just watched your inking vid. obsessed with those markers! awesome job as always smile'
b"we'll be in chapel hill tomorrow and tuesday. i'd love for my boys to meet a carolina football player. lunch? our treat."
b'can you plz bring back sims 4 i love that series love you ur my fav youtuber blue heart'
b'the true test of character is what people do when they have power and money.'
b'present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.'
b'lead the kids to hope do not leave them to drown'
b'learn about the impact of social protection on economic recovery and inclusive development in our global report.'
b"learn all about japanese girls ' school uniforms and become an expert! | via"
b'learn how to create a dashboard that will help you steer your startup into a successful future'
b'learn how to use linkedin for business & success at : retweet please'
b'learning how to french braid my hair at 11:30 p. am because i have a whole week off from school so i can smirking face'
b'learning osha is boring but i know having the certification will pay off so i am thankful'
b'learning to delete all the files on a flash drive! woo!'
b'learn it'
b'learn the facts.'
b'learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.'
b'learn to be alone and to like it. there is nothing more freeing and empowering than learning to love your own company'
b'learn to be happy for no reason'
b'learn to let go when necessary, do not make it a habit, but make sure you actually have the strength to do so'
b'learn to slow down your language lessons with our how -to video guide'
b'learn what you need to be a top forex'
b'leave back out tomorrow morning. be back in december able to buy everybody something nice for christmas. even myself'
b'leaving after lunch tomorrow. then going to colorado.'
b"girl you're suppose to be practicing on your instrument and getting better there's no break"
b'i would brand it a lot worst than that! we are shit and i am shit of it! sore it out or piss off!'
b'left the dogs alone in the kennel and they never barked \xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba good happy dog mama'
b'left when he was arrested laughed at him when he was down coming back when he is successful'
b'legacy peak helps lead the charge of chinese wineries - south china morning post (subscription )'
b'no worry nau. i will be back... you will not even rmbr that i left'
b'legit kept waking up like every other hour last night & falling back asleep and having the most vivid dreams'
b'when i was in middle school a teacher got arrested during school and tried fighting the cops'
b"lego's success leads to competitors and spinoffs - new york times"
b'leicester later with jessssss smile'
b'lemme shower so i could sleep in tmm'
b'lemme turn my shit on bc in definitely not'
b'hehehe sure unni you know i would even without the aegyo'
b'wow. that a beetlejuice costume over on the far left? your halloween costumes are all brilliant mind you. my favourite being..'
b'but im hungry af and need some food! i hope this isnt cutting our lunch time.'
b'i remember matt robinson on the radio yelling " oh my god, he missed it "! morton anderson\'s missed his field goal try.'
b'you came in too late dicaprio so do not take any credit. you are just a press seeker. go back to your jet.'
b'thank you so very much for taking up the cause of the animal kingdom for the kingdom of heaven is yours.'
b'it can be 110\xe2\x84\x89 in arizona & a nuclear plant still has mist from air cooling so fast like ur breath in the winter'
b'wh cares as i was jammin listen man if humans chg we can save the planet reiki way you no reiki its japanese energy therapy rescu'
b"leodis mckelvin is back on the field at saturday morning's practice. last day of work before"
b'i am about to shower then head over so we would probably miss it if we went out. so get food for yourself'
b'lessons from snowden on how to stay safe and keep your privacy'
b'lessons from the music industry : think tracks, not albums'
b"less parties probably but chicago's always awake and full of life"
b'less than 30mb of data available for the next 6 days.'
b'less than 3minutes of a 25minute interview and i am already annoyed... face with tears of joy public servants should be great public speakers.'
b'less than four hours to kickoffs. two long bus rides for the visitors. home teams want to make sure they feel longer going back.'
b"so either blizzard hates everyone or most people's luck stat is worse than flailfist's with negative luck."
b'let it snow, let it snow 3 \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'let me charge my phone'
b'let me do my home work. fuck nigga'
b'let me finish my homework'
b'let me go delete your number again so you know its real'
b'let me let my phone charge'
b'let me let my phone charge so i can watch movies on it'
b'let me see if that is possible! we loved having you, b! plus you did so awesome!'
b'let me show you my excellent credit score so you know its real'
b"let me tell y'all, i failed that physics test so nasty"
b"let's appreciate killian's hand writing"
b'let\'s be weird together " i think weird is an understatement'
b"let's cook."
b"let's get drunk and tell each other everything we're too afraid to say sober"
b"let's give a big shout out to our veterans who are fighting for freedommmmmmm"
b"let's go spend this money baby, it'll come back faster then we spend it \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8"
b'lets just appreciate the blessing that is adele'
b"let's just shut the country down, gop. we can all hide in our basements and stay safe from the refugee children."
b"let's not forget that roberts also had the greatest sb in postseason history."
b"let's play never have i ever bc i have nothing to do and hey were losing smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes one direction"
b"let's pray that i pass my permit test this time."
b"let's save org utan in indonesia. they need your protect from anybody who did not care about them."
b"let's see some of those beautiful smiling smoke free saturday faces! share your selfie below!"
b"let's talk about all the points you gain for telling folks you're not attracted to you're in a relationship"
b"letters : medical imaging's gains (1 letter )"
b'letters of recommendation do not have to be very formal or stuffy.'
b'let the acting being'
b"let this happen and i 'll never complain anymore"
b'level 3 head wanted by in closes 10 dec. more on'
b'they were all colorful and shit man i could write a 10 page summary in mla format about why this mv slayed'
b"levin looking for big changes in the bigdata, big health ; do not need another app telling him he's stressed all day"
b"damn, that's pretty darn weird"
b'dude you know what to do and your team hammmmmmer it hard good luck and god bless you and ur team'
b'lewis just did that dumb face on tv bye'
b"something between mute & block because muting isn't quite as comprehensive as i need but too many people take blocking personally."
b"do not care about henderson all i wanna know is how coutinho is doing - he's a decent player"
b"right now we're watching 326* its thirteen ghosts."
b'liam brown was in the worst state ive ever seen the boy in about 13 years on saturday face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'everything will be alright if you keep me next to you'
b'you are the best idol in the wolrd. thank you for all you have done for me over the years without even knowing me. love you two hearts'
b"liberia - 6 quarantined, 3 confirmed with ebola. report any and all symptoms. we're resilient. we've done it before. we can do it again."
b'glad you had a great time, but the credit goes to the generous gift from who made it happen go cats go'
b"i love it when racists use 'lefties ' as an insult, proud to be a lefty and not a racist, gun loving hillbilly"
b'i would bring my wonderful and gorgeous boyfriend. he has done so much for me and made me happy to be me'
b': really sarcastic when dealing with idiots.'
b'are often nocturnal folks who try to sleep at bedtime, but their many thoughts prevent this.'
b"oh no way! i've just had a cooked breakfast on the boss."
b'life didnt came with instrutions, " thts y i dnt giv a fuck ".'
b'life goals... not right now tho... way too early for that.'
b'life is a nightmare'
b'life is beautiful but cruel'
b'life is full of bullshits.'
b"life is good i swear it's only getting better because of me! smiling face with halo"
b'life is just a nightmare'
b'life is just a nightmare, you can run but you can not hide'
b'life is like a bird, its pretty cute until it shits on your head! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'life is not always how we want it but we got to learn how to make the best of it'
b'life is too importint to be in a hurry " i couldn\'t agree more, weird snail -critter.'
b'life is too short to spend it with people who do not make you happy.'
b'- physics question that shocked everyone -'
b'lifestyle physics question that shocked everyone - a teacher has apologised after givi -'
b'lifted weights, 4th cup of coffee, ate some food, now feel ready to phase through galaxies and set things on fire *intentionally. * woo!'
b'just like how you say to people that they shouldnt say sorry if they can not sub, you dont have to say sorry when you are tired.'
b'lightning is striking everywhere you look and everything seems... more for gemini'
b'lightning or secret love song'
b'lightsabers make everything better'
b'yeah... i am not sure, too! but i hope that they are still together \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e.. and thank you for answer smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'like all expecting parents, i just can wish they would hurry up, so i can finally meet them. this last trimester is taking forever!'
b'like a relationship with her seems so boring weary face'
b'like bitches would straight up be like " aww you\'re such a good friend " as soon as they knew i was trying to talk to them'
b"like bitch you probably aren't even at the place that you are posting right now ur probably eating ice cream in ur pjs like ur not foolin ' me"
b'like bruhhhhh i freaking loved them things and now they took that shit away loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'like, curry really be serving.. lol. the jordan debate is pointless.. why can not they just both be great?'
b'like deadass potato, okay so fallen leaf to isnt real explain this subtle answer please, mistylynn needs to honestly'
b'like do not try to be cute if all ya shit not right face with tears of joy'
b'like dude i am freaking out with this so hard because i am so new to it but i need to chill and give it a chance to do me some good'
b'like honestly i love joe so freaking much and it makes me so sad that he will never feel the same a bout me. sighs.'
b"like i had a dream i never took physics 2. and another where my prof wrote'see me immediately ' on an exam i failed."
b'like i kept waking up and wanting to get up but falling back to sleep, what has uni done to me disappointed but relieved face'
b'like i am already stressed and i do not need to come home to my parents to remind me how stressed i am'
b'like i am finally feeling better after being sick for 2 1/2 weeks like i do not need anything else making me stressed'
b'like, i told every other rp that " look, i am immortal becuase i take silver king power, ha " i want to laugh so bad'
b'like just the idea of only being attracted to the " opposite " sex seems like it isn\'t real'
b"like kurt's not so secret love for jane"
b'likers get owd : cutie smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x80\x94 thank you haziq, sorry for the super lambat reply (( 5 months ago though )) \xf0\x9f\x98\x9f\xf0\x9f\x98\x9f\xf0\x9f\x98\x9f'
b'likers get owd : pretty smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x80\x94 thank you so much smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'likers get tbh ; dun really know you but i know ur are smart lo... ahahaha all da best in everything \xe2\x80\x94 thank you face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'like she said nigga and i did not even care enough to tell her to not say it i just laughed'
b'like shit mac n cheese & sweet potatoes are a must on the plate'
b"like the fuck. sorry they do not have a multitude of majors and the school isn't all it's hyped up to be."
b'like the others. thank you for everything you give me every day, i love you so fucking much miley,'
b'like uh.. hey retards i did not waste all the fucking money on a culinary degree to be a police dispatcher. fuck off'
b"like venturing off the beaten path to camp? here's how to not get caught :"
b'i wish i had your work ethic, ive found it so hard to muster the same level of academic motivation i had as a kid recently'
b'like we have police all over this school and you get arrested for fighting, why would you risk that'
b'like when i failed my year 10 physics exam. omarion - ice box loudly crying face'
b'stupid android phone will not let me do emojis on twitter. but uhm thats... very nice. black be good color too.'
b"like whoever it is sent me a pic of his guy i know's instagram post proposing to his gf and freaking out about it, i am going along w. it"
b'like why is my credit card extending my credit limit?stop! lol i am just trying to pay it off not add more debt weary face loudly crying face'
b"like why would they come here there's nothing to do lol"
b'like you are contributing to how lost and shitty i feel you cant tell me all there is for me in this life is this town'
b'lik if i dnt fuck wit you i dnt giv af whut yo life lookin lik.'
b'lilacs and swallowtail butterfly few things smell as heavenly as a freshly blossomed one day while'
b'uh i guess we just nobodies right'
b'nice music bro i know you get alot of messages, hope you get this message cant wait tell free crack 3 comes out smile'
b'lil butt & no butt is two different things face with tears of joy'
b"i would but i have to go to work when y'all last day"
b'the chemistry is getting better 3'
b"i still have school but i'll see what day we do not have to go!"
b'i do not know about you but man i am loving this history homework'
b'fuck the police comin straight from the underground smiling face with sunglasses'
b'lil sis : i downloaded the trailer, its so slow me : audio or mp3 me : did i just say that. lil sis : lol yeaap'
b"he's so funny oh my god weary face face with tears of joy i am actually crying"
b'all knotted down just railing into those points all over not alll thru to everything down to ya sex change..first form [photos'
b"in the grand schemes of things i call larceny cause everything life takes eats a part of me and then we're will i be coincided"
b"i knew i'd heard that name somewhere!"
b'oh maybe cause you two live together now...? just maybe'
b'then what is she doing in the senate? when she should be in the kitchen and the other room.'
b'thanks for following smile'
b'well neways... its a cute pic smile'
b"of course i get a virus right before we go back! just pretty sick that's all worry i hope you're not on crutches or anything"
b'hey hey, text me if you need anything. love you long time'
b"special spud hugs they aren't as good as but i try hope things improve enjoy the takeaway heavy black heart"
b'line up for evac and afterparty! really excited to have our boy with us!'
b'links that support your claims that dv is not reciprocal? what -- only men drown their babies? only single dads raise shit kids?'
b'link with my official artist page here :'
b'listen if ur breath smells like shit on a hot day dont chat to mee'
b"listening to my irish lecturer say'mirror ' is an absolute joy ha just sounds like merrrr"
b'listening to my sister complain about me not deserving to go to spain is actually hilarious'
b'listening to rnb friday... on a monday'
b'listening to sad music while laying in the dark with only christmas lights on will make you emo 10/10'
b'listening to the kooks puts me in such a happy mood'
b'listening to the old taylor swift is not helping me finish my homework right now crying face'
b"listening to the songs the stands are named after during the fights was one of the best ideas i've had."
b'listen live on as i discuss a peterborough mosque that was intentionally set on fire last night'
b'listen to me carefully jaws john doe vader the joker i guess xenomorphs from alien predator these are hard to argue best villains'
b"listen... top joy likes to hug things and bull armor hugs other leaguers... you can not tell me this isn't true"
b'listen to smoke one (prod. by astray ) by hatch on'
b'listen to this awesome track downloaded using the extension " soundcloud + " from cydia!'
b'listen to young lion " late nights & early mornings " by waveyxaye on'
b'thanks mike! they surprised the heck out of me! i thought they went upstairs to do homework.'
b'literally about to go off on this chick!'
b"literally about to lose my mind by how stressful today has been and it's no where near being over"
b'literally about to take a shower just so i can jam out to christmas music'
b'literally all i hear on my street rn is a bunch of dudes yelling and loud truck engines i am so annoyed'
b'literally can not wait to hug everyone i love'
b'literally crying, i hate being sick'
b'literally i am so happy and nothing can ruin my mood today'
b'literally in hysterics while watching the jonathan ross show! never laughed so much face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'literally just drove around for 40 minutes looking for a parking spot..'
b'literally laying in the dark thinking about you'
b'literally my mom said to shade in my eyebrows blue since my hair is blue'
b'literally so happy do not think anyone can put me in a shit mood'
b'literally spent all the money in my bank account nd i am goin to monaco in 15 days shit'
b'literally swimming to classes today'
b'literally the first day i dont have history homework in so long'
b"literally the only thing i look forward to when i get home is to see if there's a slip from the post for my hoodie"
b'investors watching major producers need to have an eye on too'
b"lit* i swear i typed lit i do not know how or why it went to 'wet ' fridays do not get me wet they get me lit"
b"little boy finds out he's getting a fifth sister in hilarious pic"
b'lets all appreciate that good pussy is a blessing'
b'little late but i legit appreciate girl reminds me what a blessing it is to know people for 7/8 years \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"morning to you all poppet, nice sunny morning here, is it swimming for lyla today?, hope it's a nice day up there. xxxxx"
b'little manchester to little morocco : eu insanity led to belgium problem, says nick ferrari'
b'fan butt hurt over comments abt asking perrie to move in lol'
b'girls, do not release your album this year, early next year will be fine.'
b"girls, secret love song is a must live lounge or stg.. i think it's my fav. not so secretly loving you from croatia! heavy black heart"
b'i got " get weird " and my favorite song so far is " secret love song " ft. jason derulo.'
b'i just wanna say i love you more than anything \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91'
b'little mix needs to come to the bay area especially with secret love song. ahh it would be perfect for san fran!'
b'i wish i could take a autograph and picture with her'
b'secret love song ft jason derulo is my absolute fave song at the mo!'
b'little pig going down the stairs'
b'little red dirt rolling through the house this morning.'
b"large red circle live on - he's so funny lol"
b'live from new york? nah, tonight it\'s " hello from new york "'
b"live life to the fullest! you never know what'll happen tomorrow so do it today"
b'live on : comedy teacher answers all your dumb questions'
b'live on : comedy teacher answers all your dumb questions : wtf do you want to talk about?'
b'live on : comedy teacher answers your dumb questions \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x90\xae\xf0\x9f\x90\x94\xf0\x9f\x90\x9b\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x8d\x8b\xf0\x9f\x8d\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x91\xe2\x9c\xa8\xf0\x9f\x91\x91'
b'live on : im high asf im gone dumb geekf'
b'live on : man i can not stand dumb ass uneducated people'
b'live on : trying to get robert to shadow box lol but hes being dumb'
b'liverpool are playing some nice football'
b'liverpool looking forward to city clash - two week break is long enough! " -'
b"living for rebecca's eyebrow twitches though"
b'living with a woman looks like sharing a bed with cia. nothing is secret. " \xe2\x80\x93love'
b"living with isn't easy, but if you're determined to enjoy life to the full these tips will help :"
b'happy bday pretty liv! i love you thank you for helping me pass my classes smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'ha yeah i was totally going to cool you off... =p'
b'its cause i cant type with the stupid android keyboard'
b'i see you appear to have worked for a career politician who probably took blood money from lobyiest you should be proud of yourself'
b'be really sarcastic about it for ages and then reread it and make it sound like you give a fuck'
b"that's what i was hoping for! i do think they'll look cool with some greenery on the dining table too."
b', lls rayray got cauqht in the rain.'
b"lmao awesome rt wow! lol! rt best hs banner i've ever seen."
b'lmao bet you thought the grass was greener on the other side smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b"lmao cuz that's attractive. do something productive"
b"lmao! i laughed so loud! y'all are wild"
b'lmao just saw what my sister wrote. hilarious!'
b'lmao laughing in class you mean the conversation that changed our lives and united us as pals? yes!'
b"lmao that mindset that a guy must spoil you all the time and depending on them for money isn't cute"
b'lmao the guy in the middle do not give a fuck'
b'lmao they hurt off it'
b'lmao this is the best halloween vine face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lmao this shit switched sides real quick'
b'lmao watched part of the live while in my lab class'
b'lmfao i keep sending esmy the " " emoji meanwhile she can not see cause her stupid android'
b'lmfao my sister and her man are hilarious.'
b'lmfao! my sister is hilarious when she talks about her weed stories! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lmfaooo " : i was just dying for the same reason lol "'
b'lmfaoooooooo bloke meeee from twitter really? lmfaooooo this is why i only like having 2 friend... smile'
b'lmfaoooo good no school'
b'thanks for coming... we band parents are pretty proud of these kids!'
b'loans to journalism school : negative supernumerary sweat blood upon go back pay for on behalf of prison culture : qwo'
b"location confirmed. it's in atlas's kennel and i am not sure how to proceed but he looked at me rudely see"
b'good evening dear peter! happy mood to you'
b'my week on twitter sucked compared to yours'
b'welcome! made for interesting & amusing read. i find title the hardest & usually last thing i create.'
b"wow you're super cool! can i be you? wow i wish i was most popular in the 608.. what a dream"
b'logged on to the live blog and was shocked to learn : is cold'
b'log on sa at join the fun with our'
b'lois - gnna be honest i am actually really intimidated by you, but you seem really nice and i always love ur drag race tweets'
b'lol at how i check the stocks app pretty much everyday but have no idea what any of it meanss'
b'lol at me drinking a whole bottle of wine'
b'lol at this point, i do not give a fuck about keeping a mf.'
b'lol! chris webbers keys to the game for lebron vs the hawks in 2013'
b'lol dallas not knowing who jimmy rave is'
b'lol dope, i love it. we need to session up so we can have a talk about life lol. when you gone be in la?'
b'lol drinking a full bottle on public transit smile'
b'lol drinking is not for me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lol eat finish alr go la lol sit here play game'
b"lol everyone's so funny to me"
b'lol girl next to me in class " i failed my physics exam. idk how that happened, i mean i did not study for it, but i felt good about it " unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'lol girls are so funny'
b'lol guess which ones are mine (yes ur right the five inch floral hoe heels ) this was like freshman year omg'
b'lol i could careless about you now'
b'lol i drink too much'
b"lol i figured my favorite shippers would all be together that's awesome!"
b'lol i got 3. 5/20 on my physics test and i totally failed my math test today flushed face'
b'lol i have no words. i love my coach face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lol i just creeped the fuck out of your pics and i laughed at every damn thing my fucking dudd face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'lol i just noticed that i was so unhappy with you before lol'
b'lol i laughed so hard'
b"lol i love being on call two of my three days in a row. face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xf0\x9f\x98\x85. but really, it's fine. i am going back to sleep."
b'lol i love this boy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lol. i love to see people goes heartbreak.'
b'face with stuck out tongue lol i love you and your dad is so funny smiling face with halo your an amazing volleyball/basketball player here if anything bye beautiful'
b'lol i am glad i do not have to witness what is going to happen in boise if we lose this game tonight'
b'lol im moving to eldos " : shame my friend, i am jc at home i am going to chill eithe few friends just now, "'
b'lol i am not even eating i am just drinking'
b'lol, i really enjoyed my little 5 min experience at that subway today. it lowkey made my day, lol.'
b'lol i swear'
b"lol it's a waiting game. once you hear the new music, everything will fall into place."
b"lol it's so funny when my dad starts racing with these other cars"
b"lol it's soooooooo funny catching people in lies... so funny"
b"lol. i've been chased by different sort of dogs but still i love em smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'lol just failed my physics test for the second term. what a great way to start smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"lol just kidding. he's a hamilton, very loyal & he's very smart. i say bedtime & he runs upstairs to bed."
b'lolkane (that first goal was great though )'
b'if you do not pass this test you fail the class'
b'lol my brother wanted to go outside my mama tol him to do his homwork and read the bible ha'
b"lol, my gamecocks lost the citadel! that's awesome \xf0\x9f\x98\x85! can not wait to see how the clemson game is gonna be next week \xf0\x9f\x98\x90."
b'lol. not anymore. too fucking hot down here. i miss layers! crying face crying face crying face'
b'lol now that was not right'
b'lol, only saw you once in a swimming pool, not sure about cap. lol lol *whistlesasmemoriesfloodback *'
b'lol. oral report. i love that'
b"lol people do not like you yet you're always the topic of their conversation, i do not get it"
b'lol people swear they know about my life'
b'lol real photo of university of iowa student drinking hawkeye. vote funny at the bottom!'
b'lol? rt " : when i am high, i turn into a cereal killer. "'
b'lol she just doesnt want to talk to us.'
b'lol sittin drinking his beer while jinjoo was rockin out'
b'lol so i did not pass my road test because the evaluator was a dick'
b'lol. some people are complete fucking assholes to other people thinking their being funny.'
b"lol i tried explaining why i thought banana was so funny to someone last night and i couldn't face with tears of joy"
b'lol tears i love them too much'
b"lol. that's attractive"
b'lol that was a pathetic game hawks. feel bad for darling... he deserved the w'
b"lol the craziest place to get caught up is at a game that's jumping face with tears of joy all da hoes be there"
b'lol the shit i do for her she just dont kno christmas should be great and her bday i always go over the top wit shit'
b'lol they added fire rate to the m8, can not wait to play tonight'
b'lol they always laughing at her. shitty hands ass sept7 &8. 2dayhouseparty'
b'lol they played the warriors game at practice'
b'lol this game blows wtf is this'
b'lol this is so funny'
b'lol today just became a shitty day'
b'lol took my answer off because i thought hang on actually its not right face with tears of joy'
b'lol you dressed up as c. love who killed kurt!?!? wtf is wrong with you'
b'lol what a shitty day'
b'lol what were you gonna tweet about me? how awesome i am?'
b'lol when a kid in my physics class turned in his midterm he asked the professor if he could still pass the class if he failed this midterm'
b'lol when you got a full fridge'
b'lol! who would ever have thought smile smile coffee drinking linked to lower mortality risk \xe2\x80\x94again'
b'lol work on sunday is so funny'
b'lol wtf is wrong with me'
b"lol yes it's just been hot down here"
b'lol you are weak as hell bitch'
b'lol you foolin kid face with tears of joy i just hope bama get they rematch wit osu this year'
b"lol you're such a good friend"
b"london : fan arrested trying to punch crystal palace's bald eagle mascot, layla! fighting broke out at a soccer match"
b'londy should really get her boyfriend under control lol face with tears of joy'
b'l o n e l y and bored. i also almost spelled lonely wrong been out of school too long/dies'
b'lonely is an understatement "'
b'lone tree update - fire is under control. investigators on scene. no further information available at this time.'
b'long bus rides after school with the bae jdhsihsisjsusi. i am just gonna say crap pickup lines the whole time'
b"long bus rides and disneyland introduced me to the most amazing girl i've ever met"
b'long bus rides and too many people \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f -band'
b'long bus rides love my team! lol " coach i got a mean shit! " too much!'
b'long bus rides makes people think'
b'long bus rides + music is bomb'
b'long bus rides on such a weather smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'long bus rides are the worst'
b'long bus rides to a game always require good texters'
b'at least i have more money than the day before'
b'long day! give thanks still.. blessed week everyone smiling face with sunglasses'
b'long day tomorrow. disappointed but relieved face waking up super early and going with my sister in-law to her baby doctors appointment.'
b'long hair brown skin w/ a fat ass'
b'long hair is back and these long styles make for the perfect winter look :'
b'long hair no makeup doing palates most niggas do not step on my damn zanottis high heeled shoe'
b'long long amazing line at security! wonderful start to the long weekend'
b'long time ago eighties by the look of my hair pups in once had'
b'long time no see waved at your tall hair, great face, black glasses, & you waved back then passed me to hug your other parents'
b'long way down is a great rainy day track just fyi.'
b'look at his fun family party from last night!'
b'look at my ability to draw lobsters for no good reason'
b"look at my baby's smile"
b'look at the color of them hands'
b'look at these fucking awesome pic of our best idol in lodz, poland yesterday'
b'look at this awesome writing regarding health and fitness. great info.'
b'look at this cool article i found while browsing around. you can'
b'look at this cool writing that i found. you can thank me later.'
b'look at this glorious man. is he about to fuck your bitch or is he about to save a burning bus full of children?'
b'look at this picture of my cat'
b'lookbook : drop their fall 2012 lookbook, see here'
b'look! even the love calculater agrees! hehehe smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'at the time, i do not recall... also, i was really intimidated about trying to make friends in wow.'
b'look i get that i am pretty cool that does not mean i want 3 supports 1 will do just fine'
b'look i love talking to jerks about shitty 90s ww rpgs, but i am never going to talk to someone simply because of that shared association'
b'lookin forward to your take! can not wait to play tonight smile 10 -year wait for this battlefront veteran.'
b'looking at pics of beagle pups out of boredom and i am now incredibly heartbroken over my lost fur baby \xf0\x9f\x98\xadrip lucky lou'
b'looking at youtube videos of larry to the song secret love song, pt 2'
b"looking for a great dinner idea? tonight we're serving up a beautiful rack of pork, served smoked or roasted and"
b'looking for a new combine? this s670 goes on auction nov. 25. do not miss this deal!'
b'looking for a pit ticket for infinite a effect in la concert, willing to pay more! please dm or reply below, thank you!'
b'looking for a pub serving for a great meal out this weekend? search our venue guide :'
b'looking for chiropractic associate in sports medicine who wants a great 40 year career. direct message me for details'
b'looking forward joining our friends tonight for the dress of jack & the beanstalk - oh yes we are!'
b'looking forward to 5 am hockey practice tomorrow morning'
b'looking forward to a football filled timeline today girls'
b'looking forward to a great evening at the rgs friends of hockey pre -season party on thursday 24 nov from 17:45!'
b'looking forward to a huge hs playoff football weekend! no better way to start than some grub'
b'looking forward to an amazing education day this friday! dress for the weather. (last year there was deepish'
b'looking forward to a night out with the girls tomorrow. any excuse to dress up and get rat arsed \xf0\x9f\x8d\xb8\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb9'
b'looking forward to another hockey weekend with the mens side looking good : mens 1s - 2nd mens 2s - 3rd mens 3s - 3rd mens 5s - 3rd good luck'
b'looking forward to a spirited match to kick off the u16 hockey season with saturday 2pm at la brier arena'
b'looking forward to a weekend full of hockey'
b'looking forward to a weekend on the couch watching draft kings & fan duel commercials, with occasional glimpses of football.'
b'looking forward to being a real life emoji in my nye dress'
b"looking forward to capturing the excitement. i'll be the overdressed chick in a black dress and sneakers."
b'looking forward to catching up with a few tomorrow night at melton, is it suit and tie dress standard'
b"looking forward to chatting with rowan's sister first thing in the morning about her hockey experiences!"
b"looking forward to cheering on canada's 6th -ranked hockey team tonight as they take on unb."
b'looking forward to doing some work at with the sau21 lads. will be in action, what a treat!'
b'looking forward to dressing up as harry potter tomorrow for graduation'
b'looking forward to dressing up for the star wars battlefront launch.'
b'looking forward to dress up tomorrow'
b'looking forward to going back to school.'
b'looking forward to going back to the gym again tomorrow. got the gym bug for sure! determined to get fit for my bridesmaid dress!'
b'looking forward to going to hsj finals tonight with finalists. need to buy a dress at some point. have not been home since cambodia!'
b'looking forward to going to my first virginia tech hockey game friday night!'
b'looking forward to gym hockey tomorrow'
b"looking forward to happy food tmr ~ dress appropriately and eat to my heart's content bwahahaha"
b'looking forward to having telford bubble footie with us for our christmas courses! not to mention our staff'
b'looking forward to hearing good news from as they compete at states today! best of luck!'
b'looking forward to honoring our championship tomorrow during club sports night!'
b'looking forward to hosting these two teams to open up the season!'
b'looking forward to meeting up with on behalf of hockey players for kids today.'
b'looking forward to while looking for hockey tickets online for my first game ever!'
b'looking forward to this sunday 3pm & some dressing room banter with these nut nuts.'
b"looking forward to old folk's dress up day tomorrow"
b'looking forward to our belated children in need celebrations tomorrow dressing up & selling cakes for this worthy cause grinning face'
b'looking forward to our end of the season banquet tonight. please dress nice!'
b'looking forward to photographing the full dress rehearsal of this afternoon.'
b'looking forward to putting on a dress tomorrow night for the seek sara awards & supporting our fellow professionals'
b"looking forward to saturday's football following the international break? can saints take all three points against stoke? coyr."
b'looking forward to seeing more kids pick up my favorite game!'
b'looking forward to seeing the miami ice band at the hockey game saturday.'
b'looking forward to seeing the tech/dress of this afternoon then seeing the 3rd year mt students perform this eve'
b'looking forward to some football and tomorrow. those for sure will not disappoint.'
b"looking forward to some hockey tomorrow, bringing along 2 hockey newbies - i am sure they'll love it!"
b'looking forward to some football tomorrow'
b'looking forward to sunday, seeing family members i have not seen since i was 4! love my dress as well'
b'looking forward to thanksgiving to dress nice and eat a lot'
b'looking forward to the brad may celebrity hockey classic draft party tomorrow night in support of'
b'looking forward to the coming holidays. stay comfortable in our rachel shift dress. this style comes in in soft'
b'looking forward to the developments in basketball and field hockey here at the club :). hoping to have a few announcements shortly!'
b'looking forward to the first christmas do, next week & just ordered new dress and shoes \xf0\x9f\x91\xa0\xf0\x9f\x91\xa0\xf0\x9f\x91\x97 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'looking forward to the football tomorrow'
b'looking forward to the hockey with the princess tomorrow'
b'looking forward to the matches vs (1stxi cup ) & dundee high school tomorrow dontfreezeovernight'
b'looking forward to the northern swing this week-end. three great hockey cities.'
b'looking forward to the start of hockey season'
b'looking forward to the tonight! follow the latest news here with and'
b"looking forward to this evenings let's talk hockey with craig conroy in support of children with down syndrome and"
b'looking forward to tomorrow. always good to hear from well done'
b'looking forward to tomorrow being all about football once again'
b'looking forward to using my purchases from today'
b'looking forward to visiting z coy trg weekend at ota tomorrow morning. good luck to our bde team at the national football & all other events'
b'looking forward to watching play football in the morning.'
b'looking forward to watching the u11 hockey girls against and'
b'looking forward to work tomorrow'
b'looking on the bright side... david fucking tennant will be at comic con here and i am dying 5 seconds of summer'
b"\xe2\x99\xa5look into your heart and you'll find love listen to the music of the moment i love peace for melody it's our godforsaken right to be loved black heart suit"
b'look, like i missed a, hella, interesting episode of today coz i, love my bed so much.'
b"look like you do not care then it's ok. it's up to you."
b'look on the bright side, at least scottish thieves will have a good summer of robbing around the british isles during the euros'
b"look on the bright side - it's only 126 sleeps to british summer time smile"
b"*looks at macau* f1 drivers aren't shit at monaco"
b'looks like a great panel happening at the aaas. maybe next year'
b"looks like collum might have made another boob there. the boy's reaction was great though face with tears of joy"
b'looks like i am going to need to be investing in some big sweaters for fall. ah darn!'
b"looks like it's detonate for nye but was really looking forward to going dollop to dress up ahh still do not know what to do"
b'looks like rain! better grab your umbrella before heading out.'
b'looks like the farther south/east track of the european model from yesterday was the right idea in regards to the great lakes storm.'
b'looks like there is actually someone standing behind her and im freaking but she just chillin like no ur gonna die'
b'looks like the rfu have got their man. eddie jones! fantastic appointment if true. english rugby needs a world class coach at the helm.'
b'looks like we will be rolling the purple trail sunday morning. skier'
b'look what arrived today? my author copies of " love & care for the one and only you " --yay!'
b'looool man in pub last night coming up to me saying " your tits are rare cool " & telling his mates to look at them ffs weary face weary face weary face'
b'loooooool just watched yeah i am late but stilllllll'
b'loosing my nandos virginity this weekend'
b'loosing my virginity ages ago and not having sex since then, makes me feel like a one hit wonder dizzy symbol'
b'loosing my virginity today first away trip with'
b'loosing my wok stop virginity xx'
b'loosing their virginity with the best!'
b'loosing virginity is grossly overrated. it is just a little prick.'
b'loosing your virginity in a pool table probably lit. you can pretend you in a madonna video.'
b'loosing your virginity on a pool table? classy'
b'loosing your virginity on a pool table is an interesting story to have lol'
b'loosing your virginity to a fuck nigga has to be the worst'
b'some people are just like that, for no good reason. they hate and they hate and they hate, covering it in self-righteousness.'
b'lord, give me patients because if you give me strength i might beat a bitch ass today. amen'
b'lord, thank you for waking me up today. i am healthy. i am blessed. i love you. amen.'
b'lord this games hard to watch'
b'loryns moms boyfriend walks in the room and said " helloooo gorgeous! " thinking i was her mom face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'losing followers like i am losing friends on twitter... i am not rude i am just really sarcastic'
b'lost 603 followers, gained 27 new followers. 2 joined cult religions, 1 lost in sea of own self hate'
b'lost all my mac lipsticks not slightly heartbroken loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'lost mum and she comes back with a costa, what a babe'
b'lost my little brother last night \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9eso incredibly heartbroken. rip mardi.'
b'lost my lucky head band... what a shitty day'
b"lost my voice last night but it's still fun with sarknation... bigups oneafrica"
b'" train time " is a great track on that album.. have a nice night!'
b'lost the dearest man in my life... my father on 19 nov 2015... heartbroken'
b'lost the will to try and understand the shitty things'
b'lost to flipping west brom because of shitty arteta and then carzola not being able to avoid slipping to pot a penalty expressionless face'
b'you have quite an impressive way with words'
b'lot of players getting hurt in this league that allegedly plays finesse football.'
b'lots of beer. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at boston park plaza'
b"lots of great news about what's happening in pirate country!"
b'lots of great things happening at'
b'lots of great things happening this term time to catch up on some sharing of great work throughout our school.'
b'lots of season best today in toronto! another one for nicole dickens in 100 back'
b'lots of windshield time today, can not wait.'
b'i am a singer of a and i love to sing and dance and do at'
b'you may want to change your header... neutral face they are both single now i think x'
b"louise is at it again, she acts so sweet but she cheats on everyone, i love her lying face when she's denying it lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'can you send me the instagram challenge please? smile xoxo'
b'louis looks so good im wet'
b"louis made a heart symbol to have them turn up harry's mic i hate them"
b'louis sings " with the windows down ", but points up.'
b'louis sitting like this almost killed me and now they all do they want me freaking dead one direction'
b"louis's smile is so damn pretty just like him! 1 retweet = 1 vote one direction"
b'& i find totally hot,attractive the way you eat my god it changes my body\xc2\xb4temperture'
b'bc your voice pulls the band together and your personality pulls the band together and just wow'
b"everyday i wish several times that you'll notice my tattoos so please do xx one direction"
b'good to be home. good to be with you \xf0\x9f\x8f\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb6'
b"i know you will not answer me but i just wanna tell you that i love you so much and you'll never know how much i love you"
b'i love you i love you stay well please'
b'i am sure you are perfect daddy with perfect girlfriend \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f do not listen angry people, they are just jealous'
b"i see your true colors shining through and that's why i love you. i am so proud of who you are. mind following me? x11. 152"
b'please drink lots of water today and eat yummy fresh fruits and take a 30 minute nap and have a very good day, love you!'
b'you are a beautiful person with a lovely personality, your laugh is contagious, i love you so much, mind following me? 12, 810'
b'you have a beautiful singing voice. first time i heard it was in the acoustic version of one thing and i just loved it \xe2\x9d\x8c\xe2\xad\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'the moving was great though.'
b'lounging around the house is nice/ o \\ but i am excited to leave the house and be with friends ahhh'
b"who gives a fuck? you're part of a circle jerk hypocrisy that i voluntarily removed myself from"
b"that's attractive"
b'will sound amazing blasted out of my new speakers! smile'
b'love a lazy day off'
b'love all the pictures on insta of buzz from such a cute little family! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f house with garden'
b'love a sunday... what a day weekly shower & mass face with stuck out tongue and winking eye good night & god bless to all who believe & to the non believers well just good night face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'love being accused of nothing'
b'love being an arsenal fan on'
b'love being called " banana " smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b'love being called daddy smirking face'
b'love being called jode instead of jodie idk'
b'love being home with a full fridge face savouring delicious food'
b"love being part of the couldn't ask for a better place to be!"
b'love being the ugly fuck of the group!'
b'loved i am so emotional right now it can not be over.'
b"loved the i got, wish i got a t-shirt as it's the only crate i could afford right now, got the diablo mini figure smile"
b'love family night \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f fabulous food & great service'
b'love from a french bed?! what more do i need. thanks.'
b'love getting people gifts lol especially when i get creative hehehe'
b'love going costa with mum and gramps \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love going to bed in the shitiest mood possible smiling face with open mouth expressionless face'
b'love going to bed mad \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love going to work and being sent home after two hours'
b'love hate relationship with old greys episodes because all my favorite doctors are there'
b'love hate relationship with this retard'
b"love having a double bed to myself but it's so frickin cold!"
b'love how all other doctors i know tweet about medical stuff & i am like omg, your snapchat gives me life face with tears of joy'
b'love how he has to check on me, not creepy but just cute heavy black heart this attention.'
b'love how keeps it classy on stage and at events. always looking beautiful'
b'love is black heart suit'
b'love is a beautiful thing that could leave an ugly scar'
b'love is crazy pretty baby take it real slow my feelings show all you have to do is never ever let it go'
b"love it! and i love the fact you're here in india.. if your passing through goa, let me know face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f xxx"
b'love it when my family is helpful'
b'this justin you know she at the doctors?'
b'love vocals on " empty threat. " she keeps getting better & better! need to see live again!'
b'smiling face with horns so come where the grass is greener.'
b'love letters are still awesome.'
b'love letters for that special city in your life'
b'love letters | the 5 reiki principles'
b'love long bus rides \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x9a\x8c'
b'love love love falling back to sleep & waking up late smile'
b"lovely day grant me luck today all i want is a copy of naddie's cover huhuhu."
b'lovely free flowing football, maldives mate us 4, feet right up flip flops on, earphones in chopper out x'
b'lovely! i love just seeing stationary \xe2\x99\xa1 lol'
b"a cast on my baby toe face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that's attractive"
b'" i just want to watch. if that\'s ok with you? "'
b'love makes you so dumb i swear sleeping face sleeping face'
b'love me or hate me. winking face heavy black heart'
b'love me or leave me - lightning - secret love song-about the boy'
b"love me some ms. robbie. she's like an aunt through the tv. but please bring back the short hair. i am not feeling this wig."
b'love my babies smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love my bed'
b'love my bed too much.'
b'love one another as i have loved you. that\'s what you told me, right " maggie greene (2x07) dear'
b'love one another. true miracles are people being miracles to another soul.'
b'love seeing especially when he uses the stage to speak out about'
b'love seeing ohio state players tee off on urban and the coaching staff. glorious.'
b'love seeing that! keep those requests happening round the world, trenchers.'
b'love seeing them in mags'
b"love seeing tyler's mates in the gym"
b'love seeing what you all think of the album! what are your favourite lyrics?'
b'face with tears of joy love smart cool kids.'
b'we would have! me, you, dom, anddd what was the name of the glee kid we were going to meet?!'
b'love tgit, best tv night of the week. great to relax after a busy day!'
b'love the bts.. i love seeing how hard cl work but at the same time enjoying what she does. what more can a fan ask for.. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love the doctors so much..?'
b'love the fact i am cute with and without makeup smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"love the fact i work with jai's mum cos it's just like having her there with me all the time cos they're so alike face with tears of joy"
b'love the fact jones for is wearing a hoodie under his pads!'
b'love the fact my bodies been shutting down and my surgery was never scheduled earlier because of this. a + health care'
b"love the fact perth's biggest st festival is opened by highgate primary school band! where else?!"
b'love the fact that staff get free first class travel at peak times. must change my job!'
b'love the fact that has been trending all day.. you guys are incredible'
b'love the fact that i got to see and my life is complete now lol'
b'love the fact that i am still awake'
b'love the fact that my parents are gone for more than a week! i am gonna lose at least 15 lbs though'
b'love the fact that ole miss gives us a week off for thanksgiving.'
b'love the fact that the team helped provide the social content in the most shared ad of 2015 from google'
b"\xf0\x9f\x92\x88- love the fact that you drive stick, and you're a great person \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'love the feel and smell of freshly washed sheets and pillow cases'
b"love the idea of bring able to charge phone at if only they were checked as this lead isn't working"
b'love the lord always, because he hears your cry!'
b'love the pizza more than my bed *and i really love my bed* follow me maybe? pleaseee?'
b'love the smell of a freshly peeled orange.'
b'love the smell of freshly washed bedding \xe2\x98\x81\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x81\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love the smell of freshly washed clothing smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love the smell of freshly washed & dried sheets. i need 2 wash them every day. heavenly.'
b'love the smell of freshly washed sheets \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f sleeping face'
b'love the thought of flying. hate actually flying. but i hate being around the sick fucks on flights even more. blue heart'
b'love the way it goes down'
b'love this : how to hold a violin - not!'
b"wow, that's quite a temp difference to home. have a great time there smiling face with open mouth"
b'love to everyone i spent carnival with, it was special, it was soooo live!'
b'love to the bro thank you for always being a good friend and a good guy ".'
b'love + trust + honesty = long lasting relationship.'
b'love you xx'
b'love waking up to rain at 6 and not falling back asleep ://'
b'love when comes over to lay in bed & listen to jb'
b'love when jeans make my butt look nice'
b'your lynx gift sets are so cheap, it would not matter if you got found out. value'
b'love will lead you back to my arms hehe'
b'i wish i had a brother tht would roast me good ur so pretty i am jealous stop'
b'love you goodbye one direction'
b'love you more, girlfriend smiling face with heart shaped eyes hehehe face throwing a kiss'
b'love you more than this *poke smile hahah'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy be quiet i am just playing cry baby face savouring delicious food face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'loving the energy i invested in my new blog so far. thank you to everyone, that read one or two of my post from'
b'loving you is like food to my soul \xf3\xbe\x8c\xa7\xf3\xbe\x8c\xa7 ya name so you know its real \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb4\xf3\xbe\x8c\xb4'
b'low back pain? try customized physical therapy, study says - national pain report via'
b'lowell, boston, whatever mass! thanks so much for another amazing night at tsongas arena. you always are one of the best crowds, amazing!'
b'lowkey cant wait to dress nice for thanksgiving'
b'lowkey had to get home because my textbook is here'
b'lowkey need a job so i can do something'
b'lowkey really excited for christmas music and the holiday season smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x83\xe2\x9c\x9d'
b'lowkey wanna touch your butt'
b"aww hell love his auntie lozzie! he was dancing away before to the dance music he loves it smiling face with heart shaped eyes he's gonna be funny! x"
b'lrt is a good example of privilege cuz when have christian scholars had to come forward to defend their religion from the kkk or westbro?'
b"lsu was in the nation 3 weeks ago and now they're willing to pay 20 million to get rid of a perfectly good head coach"
b'will have his chargers jersey retired sunday. inside his epic, misunderstood career'
b'this about sums it up'
b"tbf. she's fucking hilarious so this made me lol more than cringe. do not think my little sister was expecting that reply xd"
b'i hope your scooter rolls into oncoming traffic'
b"when it's lunch time i am really hungry"
b'lucky me i do not have to pay school books that i had damaged smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'how you still look nicer with dots over your face than i ever will'
b"i assumed you had filming or studio time already planned. people need to chill out. y'all are like family"
b'i just deleted it cause i got nervous about them loudly crying face thank you so much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f hope to see your pretty face soon smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'happy birthday! hope you av an amazin day filled with great food! 18 smiling face with sunglasses xx'
b'luis medina thanks for following! check their feed out'
b"luis suarez says he's proud to be up against lionel messi & fellow team-mate neymar in the vote for the ballon d 'or :"
b"i love you so much, thank you for making me smile. i hope you're having a wonderful day today! you're the best"
b'nice cant wait luke you guys will be great'
b'same lets watch a movie and fell asleep in the middle of it'
b'*luke and jess having sex* *bed breaks* *luke and jess stop for a moment and then keep going* i love them lmaooo'
b'can you dm me? ive had a shitty day loudly crying face'
b"lukey please be my 2/5 and make my day, since i've had a shitty year. x1"
b'for favorite male artist - country! because who else played 7 shows with a broken clavicle.'
b'luke charteris has just confirmed to me that he is joining bath next season. full story to follow on'
b'luke hemmings from 5sos, my name is not hailey but i would be more than glad to save you. 5 seconds of summer x41 895'
b'that really made my day. especially considering i chose my lane recently. calum is just to sassy and adorable'
b"you're such a good friend smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes weary face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'lumber futures limit up after that eastwood speech'
b'damn no chance you do not have school that friday?'
b'do not run into kanye fighting a transvestite while smoking dank kush and getting arrested bc 2 people got caught naked'
b'lunalilith22 said : just wanted to say, ignore the people who are hating on becky for no good reason. i love'
b'lunch time at fair grove. thanks to the special ladies that feed our hungry children!'
b'lunch time \xe2\x80\x94 feeling hungry at firehouse subs casset'
b'lunch time & hungry? " you get the picture " 5602 old shell road & 3696 - b airport blvd -'
b'lunch time.! i am so damn hungry'
b'lunch time instead of being hungry i miss my special somebody'
b'lunch time should come faster! i am so hungry.. lol'
b"lunch time! who is hungry? come on in to world famous cheetah and enjoy your free lunch! today's special"
b'lunch with friends. yellow house'
b"grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy lunch with y'all is the best & you make it funny as crap face with tears of joy you need to watch what you say, but i'll be here to correct you"
b'lurking is like literally setting yourself up for disappointment face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'luther season four finally has a a uk premiere date'
b'thats awesome! it\'s so amazing how passionate educators work together to better understand " best practice " for students.'
b"lol they're too funny i love drinking with them"
b'you use your twitter so much you need to calm down'
b"i almost literally freaked out because of you loudly crying face loudly crying face but it's all good! face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes loudly crying face"
b"that's quite an impressive selection - what's the green one?"
b"lye's convincing me to get a bigger tattoo, but i think i'll stick with small and subtle tattoos. winking face"
b'lying in bed at 1pm feeling sorry for myself for no good reason'
b"hey that's awesome bro smile hope the interview goes well i am confident you will be able to get this job smile"
b"good i've literally got books lying around everywhere because we do not own a book shelf hahah"
b'im not really intimidated by you but im really scared of saying the wrong thing around people so pls dont take that personally'
b'yes in between yelling at the kids to settle down.'
b'maaan i never laughed so hard face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy her face tho loudly crying face'
b'idek how real of a basketball fan you even are considering you did not watch the game. so you might have 0 credibility lol'
b'we need to hurry up & meet up.'
b'mac & cheese and dressing is the only thing i am looking forward to eating tbh'
b'so vocal about animal welfare but simultaneously " enjoys a good roast "'
b'mac demarco has made it onto the costa playlist. i feel like a proud mum'
b'aw good macy im so happy i miss you a lot'
b"so ihssa polls and picks say new pal to be winner they have not seen us yet this year! let's prove them wrong! awesome job"
b'goodnight my beautiful sister'
b'mac is littered with people who crawl out of their hobbit holes so they can come disgrace the world with their stupidity'
b'really well your doing a great job your stream made my day i am going to be tuning in more often \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'okay i have sent a message. i am very upset with the customer service and would like this to be resolved today'
b'you must really have a life if your worrying about a " freshmans " relationship.'
b'maddie thinks i have the dream job. i take things out then put things in boxes. i do have an awesome job, but not for that reason smile'
b'he did cancel portland because 3 biz guys called trump out for saying they were hosting a fundraiser that they were not.'
b"the logic does not apply this time. realize it's because of that we voted at all. the only wasted vote is no vote."
b'voted today in columbus, ohio. i was told people had camped out over night.'
b"what's happening with sanders movement is what has been wrong with bernie all along-lack of follow through."
b"happy birthday to my main homie. you're such a good friend and you have the biggest heart. luv you"
b'having a great time on this promo run. doing some really cool shows, havin a laugh'
b'made it through the " writing and racial identity " panel at or because i had an earthquake and no shame.'
b"made it to my 8am! professor didn't."
b'made it to savannah, ga! can not wait to play tonight at saddle bags savannah if you are in the area, make sure to drop by tonight!'
b'made it to tinley park cant wait for tomorrow'
b'made my taco salad as spicy as i could to clear out my nose. it worked too well sad hate being sick'
b'mad fun i had mad fun last night'
b"that's the worst. anytime i get a sore throat it is always my tonsils that cause the most pain fearful face \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\x96"
b': this peom " if " that neves wants us to write a constructive response about makes no sense. " ikr?!'
b': lonely is an understatement'
b'ugh sore throat is the worst thing confounded face get well soon girl'
b'madrid horrible/terrible/shitty first half, look lost, do not look like a team, smh'
b'holy shit face with tears of joy my stomach could not handle all that 1 pint? yea okay but 3!? girl, your metab is blessed face with tears of joy'
b'people are dumb and do not understand how tv works lol'
b"ahh it's been forever! it's always lovely hearing from you 3 glad you're good, i need to find something to eat hah whatcha eating?"
b"you need to watch the shit you fucking say. you're nothing but a fony ass bitch who calls everyone else weak but your"
b'maggie and glenn - the walking dead'
b'i use that every week. it was from my sister she was hilarious and a badass. memories of her give me strength \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'magicalnaturetour : lead me to longs peak by david kingham'
b"they're pretty much always this negative. it's almost as if it's a contest by now - 'who has it worse '. worry"
b"you act like i have not known you my whole life. you roast about as good as my mom.. and that's not good at all"
b'mahama is totally confused saying all sort of bloodclat bullshits and mps sleeping lol 2016 we will surely vote you out'
b'i will be waiting for help please please remember me i need your help trust me i am not fake i am real promise waiting fast'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy when the black girl w glasses said she can not take care of them cus she was drinking whiskey. lol'
b'the intelligence required for subtle business & political aggression, being rather simple folks? who are guiding? please realize.'
b'ever think that might offensive to people in other countries! stop throwing this in people\xe2\x80\x99s faces. not at the olympics \xf0\x9f\x91\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b"it's people who believe girls are worth less than boys who are the ones who are worthless!"
b'who cares there are more important things to care about in the world than this nonsense'
b'cant wait for it. nice to know you can still enjoy things you use to enjoy before.'
b'nice cant wait im sure itll be a good read. i missed reading your blogs. looking forward to it baby girl smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"maine is the worst state in the east coast. go there & you'll see."
b'happy girl full of life full of love to give!'
b'main event needs to hurry up so i can finally meet in person \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"atleast i told the truth face with tears of joy zipper mouth face but that's for everybody lol i get distracted easily neutral face"
b'majie is full of life'
b'the climax of revenge of the sith when obi -wan says to anakin " you were my brother, i loved you! " gets me right in the feels.'
b": city rain by you gadda love this track, turn it up that's a great tune"
b"make ahead meals are great for busy days. here's our favorite meatball"
b'make money, live life. fuck police'
b'make my parents proud smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'make no mistake, this is going to hurt the bjp the most! will the party learn!'
b"make one tiny mistake, you're dead. i made one tiny mistake. i wore women's clothes."
b'make our heart go pitter patter! when you visit, check in on yelp! : )'
b"makes me think of my beautiful, intelligent, hilarious, amazing sister and some long talks we've had lately."
b'make sure to check out ft. blackbear and kyle champagne and pools! pretty sure i am gonna love this album.'
b'making a couple of trays of sweet and spicy pecans to put on everything and anything.'
b'making contagious'
b'making fun of what someone looks like for attention on twitter is pathetic'
b'making myself into a blanket burrito bc my room is so cold'
b"making myself some noodles then i'll be ready to start my chores \xf0\x9f\x98\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\x83"
b'making some crockpot french onion soup. will not be ready till tomorrow tho lol.'
b'making some more art cause i have nothing else to do.. today'
b'making the moral case on climate change ahead of paris summit via'
b'making your parents proud is one of the best feelings'
b'well, that sounds like on just all kinds of levels.'
b'mali hotel siege under control, security sources say ; un reports 27 killed, search of site continues - reuters'
b'may be the most talented dude i know. amazing athlete, great dancer, and just a great dude overall'
b'happy birthday \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5 i love you so much have amazin day black heart suit'
b'this is bithday cake for you happy birthday black heart suit i love you so much have amazin day \xe2\x99\xa5kisses for you and family'
b'manager on monday : garde pinpoints key ingredient for improvement'
b'im really intimidated by this austria cosplayer, shes really good. should i talk to her?!?!'
b'man arrested after intentionally crashing into vehicle multiple times and fighting with deputies in'
b'man arrested after police find evidence of dog fighting in lincoln -lemington'
b'man bakes tiny cake using tiny tools in a tiny kitchen - foodffs : a tiny strawberry cake tiny fried shrimp'
b'was very unorganized this year not knowing who will be where at what time, the trick is to be there early and ready to get n line'
b'man cant wait to just have alot of nice polariods in an album with all my good memories a couple years from now'
b"manchester and salford in top five of national'smoking league of shame ' as a quarter of residents still smoke"
b'manchester! can not wait to play tonight! 3 for some beautiful times with'
b'manchester city fans really turning on their team here. unimpressed is an understatement.'
b"manchester in top five of national'smoking league of shame ' as 25 % of adults still smoke"
b'manchester won shitty lost chicharito scored and his team won madrid are being raped face with tears of joy face with tears of joy what a day smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes so happy smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b'hehehe that made me smile. yes, i will love you with all the sunshine in the world. mhm.'
b"man city are foolish for losing de jong. however much of a thug he is, he's a better player than milner and barry"
b'the struggle of not knowing how to pump gas?'
b'man do not fall for that tease. the l is in stone. you foolin yourselves'
b'man feel blessed to be able to have human connections with people, like actually talk and listen, learn from those around you'
b"man found dead in demi moore's swimming pool"
b'manga cartoonist permits anyone to use his work, royalty-free'
b'man i can not wait to be out of highschool... let me just leave it at thaaaaat'
b"man i can not wait until i can actually hit up a convention and meet all the cool internet people. pax east 2016 i'll be there!"
b'man i could sleep for a week.'
b'man i hate gym class'
b'man i love being up early'
b'man, i love my family'
b'man, is it too much to ask to be genuinely happy and not feel like shit all the time?'
b'man its sooo hot down here'
b'man i wish i could lie to my best friend for 2 years'
b'man i wish i was cool as steve'
b'man i wish i was on the north hemisphere right now. waaay to hot down here in buenos aires. is it too cold up there?'
b'admit it that you were fooled by bb &rimisen pls dont insult the intelligence of audience. respect the show.'
b"man kills daughter's bf in control germany with an explosion. as long as it's not a gun!"
b'man. last night was so fun.'
b"man life's too short to be doing shit you do not love"
b'that makes work a bitch ctfu'
b'man practice was long af today'
b'man shitty lost arse -anal lost real madrid lost... what a great saturday it has been'
b'man sleeps next to dead wife for 5 years.. wait until you... ='
b'man super fun night of crying.'
b"man super tired. i cld go to bed right now but then i'd be up at 3 am. guess i'll stay up a few more hours. i am getting old lol"
b'man that would be awesome! smile'
b'man, the must be crazy deep if vandy is playing south carolina this close.'
b'man this makes me miss dancing so much... love this choreography.'
b'man united won lost,,, man shitty lost indeed it was a great day'
b'i dont get why you hate on my prius its a sick car'
b'man was my last night in olds a fucking blast'
b'man weekend had everything fuccky ha then we knocked someone out last night a fucking tag team match me and'
b'man we just won i am feeling good relieved face i am trying get dressed up & go out, where the scenes at'
b'many games could do with throwing out killing lots of guys for killing of only a few guys, in intense moments, under specific circumstances.'
b'many happy returns steven, sending best wishes and from the uk'
b'many people are stuck on that same level because they do not have a relationship with god, not because they lack talent or great work ethic.'
b'many thanks to for serving great local craft beer for the second year at'
b'maple brown sugar mini wheats are so good'
b'you heard he going to thfc?'
b"constitution does not guarantee you will not be butt hurt by someone's comments. demanding a college professor or university head"
b'what is the problem in funding and money? i am sure they were looking forward to rio.'
b'marco rubio! my heart goes pitter-patter.'
b"i swear. i knew they weren't gonna win though. somebody will beat the warriors though."
b'doing the macarena is something i never knew i needed but im so glad it happened'
b'tonsils show on snapchat? unless you wanna nap and relax'
b'i just want to thank you very, very much! i know that you probably will not even read this but i want to tell you that you (1)'
b'just saw the whole movie was awesome. you were great.'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c " : yuck " donnaay : i\'d pick my nose and lick it sef in front of her "'
b'can not wait to see you competing again at the tennis court...'
b'ok you get a++ while passing that fill in the blanks test! congratulations'
b"maria's singing is honestly so beautiful and makes me feel so peaceful omg"
b'ah well - time for a cigarette break - fighting gods with a small bit of plastic is tiresome but necessary, ok?'
b'marijuana is a gateway drug. it leads to happiness, great sex, pain relief, and increased patience with crazy bitches. and who wants that?'
b'completely agree. it\'s like he watched john and thought " take out all the swear words and we\'re sweet "'
b'fan check-in on yahoo! sportacular (#mariners )'
b'happy birthday sweetheart! hope you have an amazing day'
b'hope you had a very great day off, cupcake! i love you so much!'
b'mark actually want jinyoung to sing i love you to him but he shy thats why lol'
b'" take the arms that are made for loving and this heart that will beat for two... "'
b"mark cuban buying a league team it's confirmed"
b'mark cuban is fucking smart confirmed'
b'oh no gorgeous! prayers for you my darling xx'
b"i've met you in city college during a presentation you've done about google analytic. the idea attracted me."
b'is entering a conversation people are already having in the heads, and helping them get what they want - easier, faster.'
b'marketing ploy : these chips contain a full serving of vegetables... why not just make some great tasting real veggie snacks?'
b'market visit \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic at city centre'
b'tbd. for some of us, hockey season does not really kick in until january. really looking forward to the outdoor games at coors.'
b'of course you would name her chica... but good happy mark found a lab!'
b"i've already being to sleep lol, i went to sleep at like 10 pm then woke up at 2 and thank you, i love you too"
b'thank you for this amazing story of the never ending love of these parents hunting for that answer.'
b'yeah, but beckett is the kind of guy that just makes you want to root for him.'
b"you're a fucking worm. in the game of 5 minutes of fame, you wasted 4. you've got seconds left. now fuck off into oblivion"
b'do not forget an appearance by himself'
b'marleau reflects on reaching 1000 career points on saturday in pittsburgh'
b'testing testing 1 2 3'
b"you're my favorite comedy actor! i can not wait to see your new movie"
b'married 15 minutes, tired of her shit already face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'married john f kennedy & ;s love letters to swedish beauty expected to fetch - daily mail'
b"married john f kennedy's love letters to swedish beauty expected to fetch to at auction"
b'happy birthday bro'
b'your man shitty lost 4 -1 today so...'
b"yup they're tired of losing to bama but the grass isn't always greener on the other side"
b'lol yeah i started wearing it when i was like really intimidated lol it made me feel braver and more badass. but now my handsare'
b'maryland absolutely, positively did the right thing not honoring james franklin\'s " head coach in waiting " status.'
b'coming from someone who has nothing to do with truth.'
b'he got there by winning the election 4 years ago, duh'
b'masonic roundtable see : -georgebush -'
b"mason keeps waking up from his nap and falling back asleep. it's the sweetest thing"
b'massive happy bday to my beautiful best friend, have the most amazin day princess, luv u! \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xe2\x9c\xa8xxx'
b'match fixtures of uefa champions league 2012/13'
b'you definitely have a great one, too. i am looking forward to a big meal football and hockey! oh, and naps! def naps!'
b"oh dear what a sore loser, shouldn't wish such a tradegy on your worst enemy"
b"she's great - full of life - very funny!"
b'*spoiler* no she was naked when they kissed at the beginning, but wearing a shirt when they were talking.'
b': i love you reply to me please i love you " me too'
b"they're taking taking the game too seriously lol"
b'your family are within reach, matt. glad the find lab induction was great though - very tempted by mastin labs.'
b'its horrible that you have last period frees, i mean... how inconsiderate of them.'
b"hi king matthew, i am sure u, sir lancelot, sir galahad & cool hand luke if he's/w will hve an amazin day cuz ur bless by the best smile"
b'depends on how ill adjusts. if they keep playing the same defense, 15 sounds high.'
b'it was okay up until today'
b': all fans should support for the simple reason that they are "'
b"cute pic of beautiful women, hope y'all having a great time in nashville, i always wanna go there!"
b'thanks for following me smile'
b"matt i love you so much and i'll be waiting being followed by you even it needs a hundred years to wait"
b'matt : i want to move to miami nicole it smells like shit here i am not built for this place. miami smells like hot bitches and mega yachts'
b"it's fun when i only understand 50 % of the words in your tweets!"
b'bloody hell its fantastic feeling that my club is top of the pile'
b'" spiky idiot intentionally catches fire often "'
b'if you think your having a bad day then imagine being killed like this face with tears of joy'
b'1. ) connections 2. ) work ethic 3. ) intelligence level smirking face'
b'i do not mind this but no gazey? this is not so good'
b'awesome job guys great season'
b"ah thank you pal! that's awesome of you smile"
b'awesome maty game is quite good it has some awesome moments lol'
b'the fire was reported on tuesday night near the kahului community center. officials say a bench made'
b'mauritius wants to shoot 18,000 imperiled fruit for no good reason via'
b'max confirmed bias is kyungri, meaning sojin is now mine my default : )'
b"i've got girl friends to take of that, they become generous sometimes to impress me lol"
b"max verstappen is an absolute joy to watch only 18 and the kid is driving like he's been in f1 10 years"
b'maybe apologised for actually having this policy?'
b'maybe but sheamus is just stupid. gonna be a boring champion.'
b'maybe conservatives would be better served hiring math tutors instead of scaring people...'
b'maybe having a defense is a good idea? i am feeling uncomfortable.'
b'maybe i can hang out with friends sometime during the break and try to get out some more and not be stuck in the house a lot'
b"maybe if i pretend i am immortal it'll actually happen."
b'maybe if the gamecocks put as much effort and emotion into playing as they are at chirping at the citadel players'
b'maybe i am just like my mother.'
b'maybe i should have said... for this to be a " billboard top list " i agree. billboard will never represent real hip hop tho'
b"maybe i shouldn't drive a minibus full of children after all."
b'maybe i should sleep on this?'
b'maybe it will still come before thanskgiving but not knowing is going to awful'
b'maybe one day. it will all be okay. just want that day to come faster. but do not we all?'
b'maybe someday i can hug you and tell you how much you mean to me. i am madly in love with you i love you so much liam'
b"maybe there's a reason behind these bullshits."
b'maybe you can be a non-nerdy scientist " okay i appreciate the effort, but does that really sound possible?'
b'may brand bang rexona na ballpen? ed sheeran 5 seconds of summer one direction'
b'oh yeah i forgot we do not have school!'
b"may end up not getting out tonight. i absolutely must do so after the game tomorrow night. i've yet to do so, and really want to."
b'may i say every time i hear " men are jerks " i disagree. men need love, affection & respect just as women'
b'may that all things go good today at dacula high school.. no drama lol'
b'~~~may the dream of peace take flight around the world ~~~'
b'may your sadness be mine. may my happiness be yours. may you always be happy. love you, now and ever 3'
b'i am sorry people are being jerks. you are a wonderful person! i love you & miss you bunches.'
b'such a fun night :)))'
b'what can i say i am glad to see you on the sky high limit! same goes to my team too'
b'and were taken to the screams were an absolute to the victims'
b'stay safe omg ok take care of yourself boo'
b"i love you but you'll never know it & i wanna tell you that you're one of my favorite people."
b'want raheem to score more goals, but what are the prospects of improvement?'
b'she needed too much attention and honestly i just wanted to play the game - never dated again after that experience lol'
b"at the same time, it's too early to say something about the whole thing, we need to watch the whole thing then judge it."
b'mcg from the eureka, melbourne. quite an impressive structure all things considered'
b'cops would never do anything illegal or wrong though'
b'tips on driving it farther, hitting it closer and playing better than ever :'
b"could've bet from that point in the game but ok lol"
b'i have honestly never laughed so much! definitely going to one of your shows face with tears of joy face with tears of joy x'
b"i've never laughed so much, great interview with the boys face with tears of joy"
b'i am hoping that reference is to my shit'
b'happy birthday pretty love you lots'
b'meanwhile in the real world another suicide bombing in turkey killing 51 people by a child whom declared his loyalty to isis'
b'project c sounds okay too hahah'
b"oh no! i am sorry about that, matthew. i'll get a note over to food & beverage right away. -krista"
b'shows no love to former side as he celebrates his equaliser for'
b'she had a great life man 3'
b'me after listening to sneak peak of from yg ig post!'
b'who does their job and says " no i do not want goods in exchange for my services bc i am immortal and do not need to eat "'
b'me and amber lost our snapstreak i am heartbroken'
b'me and g just had a full on airport sprint to catch our flight. straight out of a movie scene i swear.'
b'me and grandma with the same hairstyle :)? we better work smile'
b'me and kenzie are laying in the dark listing off foods/ snacks that are good with cheese on them'
b'me and liz always conveniently wake up at the same time together'
b'me and mum had 3 costa trips today flushed face the obsession is real weary face'
b'me and my man can get married at the court house lol and have a small reception with friends and family... i am good!'
b"me and are just foolin but it's straight though"
b'me an my lil nigga on her big 17 happy birthday kid!'
b'me appearing in your life is a total nightmare and i am sorry'
b'*me asking valerie for help, so i do not go to school. * me : " when you have a fever do you sweat? " her : " yeah so sweat! " me : *jumping & running *'
b'me at 23.. one month n from loosing virginity/ paying debt/ buying boobs n filming my own porn'
b'me & babee been up otp for a good 7 hrs. lol man i love him, i would not trade em for nothing in this world. face throwing a kiss'
b'just eat yummy fruits, drink lots of water/water w lemon & dance/ exercise! do not not eat boo, do not do that to your body ):'
b'media coverage is reserved for only time black people are covered is to show us in a negative electric light bulb'
b'& is one of the most anticipated is looking forward to a great start to the final day!'
b'media : if i hear one more news channel say it goes beyond the headlines'
b"same omg i keep waking up and falling back asleep it's annoying"
b'ozil is better than iniesta, confirmed when he came out of his comfort zone to win us the title.'
b"me : do not go into the bathroom... bunnies :/staring at me for 3 sec before running into the bathroom me : you're jerks but i love you"
b'i wanted to read it to bother jo even more but i just could not handle'
b"no problem smile just wait for it, and it's going to be"
b"medyo creepy yung mga nakita ko yet she is just living her life, not pretending to be someone she's not. she will always have my respect"
b'meee (dont need answ \xf0\x9f\x98\xb8) stay strong \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x94 thank you : " )'
b'only 2 weeks which is kinda short full moon with face but should be great'
b'meet and greet at in manila right now. so excited to meet everyone!'
b'smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes " fuck the police'
b'funny picture... terrible message of " fuck the police ". not a good look for you. maybe re-think the quote.'
b'meeting again after both having two days of successful concerts must be so nice!'
b"meet my family the gbokoyi's i my family. my broda me and my dad"
b'meet the author : michelle bryan today i am so excited to share you with'
b'meet the girl who wrote 400 love letters. to total strangers.'
b"meet the women of pretty. strong., oxygen's new show about the legends football league : via"
b'yeahhh. i am always super chatty and happy during the shampoo, then i sit down and the mood palpably shifts.'
b'awe i love you meg! thank you! i better see your pretty face tomorrow! face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'me : gets heartbroken the short haired girl in sekai wa koi ni ochiteiru lost even tho i was rooting for long hair girl the whole time'
b'happy birthday darlin, have an amazin day xo'
b'you should come back to dc and then come to my house so we can have a sleepover. we can braid our hair and cry over boys!'
b'i just laughed way harder than i would like to admit'
b'is a rebel. imagine a heterosexual kiss in this day and age.'
b'and i also would get upset if i was not able to finsh what i was saying you need to wake up'
b'thanks for covering something other than politics tonight. good to know something else is going on in the world.'
b"np nobody cares about your opinion on this, or any other matter. you're as corrupt as the rest of them."
b'no worries a white person will soon occupy the white house racist "&)(,!'
b'remember that when you bash trump - you help hillary and her corruption to gain ground.'
b'trump is crude, but hillary is evil! meg as a lawyer used the word if before sexual predator. like the meaning of is -is? phony!'
b'loved the moment when tucker cracked up at the mention of "russian", we been doing this for a week now'
b"yes it's about time and when she goes down hopefully you will be off fox"
b'no i am heartbroken they had a card and when i was all flustered i said they paid w cash \xf0\x9f\x98\xadand derek can not fix it so i lost'
b'me : ill do my home work at 3 *clock says 3* me :'
b"me : i am gonna shower after the amas because idk when 5sos will be on mom : well they aren't good enough to be the opening act so do it now"
b"me : it's so easy to drive : how do i move me : the gas?"
b'melanie runs a successful task analysis back to work programme, supporting and enabling injured staff to remain at work or return to work.'
b"that's my life. a nightmare i can not wake up from. now please let me return to work sad and have a lovely weekend!"
b'beautiful views. best of luck to you and you 2 are awesome. crush them grinning face'
b'i am a hardcore wrestling fan and i love your wwe tweets. do not let the jerks ruin it flushed face'
b"me : [lives in scotland also me : [is shocked and appalled when it's cold and/or raining"
b'ayyy we gotta get one of those tomorroww! ha ruthless out there!'
b'i picked up our produce box on friday, so many yummy fruits and veggies'
b"too early for that kinda business isabella \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f no seriously you'll make things worse by telling yourself negative stuff"
b'melts me putting my niece and nephew to bed and telling them i love them and hearing it back weary face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'members of govt. held a successful meeting in rome tonight.'
b'aaah i hope you have a nice wekend i cant wait to see you on sunday im good aa i jsut got hom so time to relax'
b"sometimes i just have to reminisce, life's moving so quick in today's day & age.. it's easy to forget all that's been experienced"
b'me : " my life is a joke " my friend : " no, uni is a joke. " sleepy face ok time for bed, sleep is more important than semiconductor'
b'me & my sister group messages loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face they hilarious face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"me : my sleep number? it's sketchy. my 20's were free love and with drugs it's har - bf : *jumps off bed at mattress store* so like a zillion?!"
b"it's why i rarely block anyone. even meerkat. got quite an impressive list of people im blocked by though."
b"me : nana, you're scaring the cats nana : you've already scared it... with ur face lol"
b'men are threatened by intelligent women, study finds men are attracted to the idea of dating intelligent women -'
b'men care more about sex than women because 70 % of the time, women do not cum! learn your bodies ladies and release that pent up frustration'
b"lol ya it's so funny btw check dms"
b"men get yourself a natural girl, ain't nothing like the smell of freshly washed hair. \xf0\x9f\x8d\x87\xf0\x9f\x8d\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8d\x93\xf0\x9f\x8d\x91"
b'men on twitter get so hurt when women like to use them for food & drinks smh'
b'men with long hair fav if you agree.'
b'men & women w/ & technology hv created a world of masks smoke & mirrors & procedures 2 hide their fears...'
b'i have mountains of work to do and i only got negative three hours of sleep last night so my life is clearly worse than urs'
b"i am sorry for your loss, you must be devastated at this time. i'd like to say it gets better but well."
b'mere improvement is not redemption, though redemption always improves people " ~ |'
b"me singing ava maria at nicole and rami's beautiful wedding yesterday smile"
b'messed up shit to everybody. but fucked up shit people happen to people who do others dirty and they probably will not ever bounce back from it'
b': " a great victory in and a good feeling on my return to the pitch. "'
b'great game, even better to see you on the score sheet!'
b'i am thinking that also but would like it confirmed'
b'me tho rt man, remember when everyone was all " im doing insanity " and after about two weeks we aint heard shit back from them?'
b'me too of course! i hate getting hurt emotionally! i am so sick of this shit'
b'fuckin hates me dawg bc i be telling him i worship him daily and he retweets these bandwagon hoes'
b'me trynna get my life under control'
b'mettablook comic about what if you can not hug a ghost? part 1'
b'metta world peace : " after houston, my individual career was pretty much done, because i am with kobe. "'
b'met this idiot after two years.. he is still the same smiling face with sunglasses face with tears of joy'
b'me waking up consist of changing positions, checking my phone &falling back to sleep for another 20 mins'
b'me : " what do you love most about me? " him : " how smart, strong willed, & independent you are. " relieved face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'me when 5sos are playing 5sos'
b'me whenever i drink too much coffee'
b'me when i see someone saying bullshits about madison'
b"mexican and black jokes are pretty much the same. once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal."
b'i think it was our amazing teacher'
b'mfs be loosing they virginity in bushes nn shit face with tears of joy sleeping face'
b'mfs so quick to ask me for shit & i always follow thru - but when i need something, god forbid lol'
b'mhen... boy miss knack. run come twitter come release pain and frustration silver lined by konji. crying face smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'on instagram... ummmmmm no unless you got something good for the people of marysville, we do not care'
b'. sarcasm or truth? like if you were sarcastic or reply back with or'
b'miami! you were amazing! rain and shine, it was an awesome day with all of you! thanks for making my first visit here, the best!'
b'happy birthday bb. ilysm have an amazing day'
b"always remember to be yourself and fuck those who judge and hate you because they're just jealous of your awesomeness"
b"and you're pretty salty jk love ya"
b'baeeeee happy birthday, may all your wishes come truee i love you so so much mikey heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'enjoy your first year not as a teenager'
b"happy 20th birthday *cries in punk rock* you're still 4, no arguments. i love you so much see you soon"
b'happy birthday again! hope your day has started off well and continue to go great! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday babe heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday babe i hope you have a great day'
b'happy birthday btw xx being 20 will pass quickly'
b'happy birthday! have an amazin day you deserve it ilysm can not believe ur 20 today black heart suit'
b'happy birthday! hope you have a freaking amazing day! stay safe do not do anything too stupid.'
b'happy birthday, hope you have/had a great day \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'happy birthday, i have a day off school on your birthday love ya'
b'happy birthday i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'happy birthday! i love you so much thank you for everything you. never ever change please loudly crying face heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday love'
b'happy birthday love! hope you have a great great day! i love you with al mi heart.'
b'happy birthday love! make it a great day 3'
b'happy birthday michael \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 face throwing a kiss heavy black heart'
b'happy birthday michael! hope you have a wonderful day! face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday michael i hope you have an amazing day! i love you smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'happy birthday michael! i miss you and hope you have a great 20th birthday cake'
b'happy birthday my cliffo balloon i love you so much have a safe and amazing day with ur family and the boys'
b'happy birthday son'
b'happy birthday time 2 say goodbye 2 being childish... who are we kidding ur still gonna be the same weird, loud & lovable person grinning face'
b'happy birthday to mikey happy birthday tp mikey happy birthday you punk rock wanna be happy birthday to you! -strums guitar -'
b'happy birthday, you old guy miss ya'
b'happy birthday you fucking awesome man.'
b"hello boo just trying to see if i'll ever get a reply"
b'hii, happy bday, have a great day 3'
b"hope you'll have a great day! xx"
b"hope you've had a great day so far, happy birthday! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i hope you have a lovely birthday and enjoy not being a teen anymore even though that's lame smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'i hope you have a wonderful birthday michael happy birthday \xf0\x9f\x8e\x82\xf0\x9f\x8e\x82'
b"i love how you are so open about ur life and what's happening in it. i hope that never changes and you always feel comfortable w us"
b'i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you heavy black heart x69'
b"in all seriousness happy birthday you've made a huge impact on my life and for that i am forever grateful i love you mike kissing cat face with closed eyes"
b'i sent able to greet my favorite human a happy birthday.. damn i feel like a big disappointment.'
b"it's pretty pretty pretty really sweat it is so so good love it so much"
b'look on the bright side, now you can do adult things \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f happy birthday mike face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss 5 seconds of summer'
b'love you baby happy birthday again'
b'love you \xe2\x99\xa1 happy birthday you old sock smile'
b'love you hope you had an amazing day \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"love you sunshine and i hope you get some sleep so you're feeling good for your busy day smile love you x"
b'michaeeeel! happy 20th birthday! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i love you so much i cant wait to see you on barcelona have a nice day face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"my baby i can not believe you're 20 omfg i hope you have a great day"
b'no longer a teen, welcome to the twenties hahah happy birthday'
b'okay if you see this please reply thx thx thx \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b"okay so enjoy today because you're an official adult but mentally you're like 5 ily"
b"the day is almost over and you're not going to see this but happy birthday babe, love yaa"
b'we know that youre pretty lmao, love you'
b"well that's attractive"
b"you're vocals are so beautiful in everything you do. please never stop singing! smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss"
b"you're welcome, we love you so much! have a great day sunshine!"
b"really hoping it's on youtube soon because it's 1:25am here ( ) and i have school in the morning so i couldnt watch it"
b'another chilly night ahead. could use a warm hug. night night sweet michael.'
b'tu michael. happy to follow you and have you as a follower. thanks you for serving this great country of ours \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'i am clinton supporter but do not like to see the khizr khan and his fallen son being used for political reasons!'
b'michael is 20 today do not touch me i am not okay'
b'on my way home to watch it right now!'
b'marsh took one for the team today... he is in our prayers and he will hopefully make a full recovery'
b'michael mcintyre and one direction in one interview - never laughed so much'
b'was on again this morning. love you & your family. sending love & prayers for 2016. looking forward to finale!'
b'yeah plus with heisman being favorite early can end up being a bad thing. sets up for disappointment'
b'the respect that senator rand paul showed for the constitution and the rule of law was astonishing.'
b'good should be great'
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and ministry and business.'
b'and i have that 1d swag.'
b'michigan state been cold though why are people shocked i got ohio state losing to michigan too'
b'michigan state showed me something today. that was quite an impressive effort and getting the backup qb ready to play that game!'
b'~ nice! sounds like great weather, we only get up to 26 *c in the height of summer. not long, couple more weeks until summer \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x8c\xb4\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8f'
b"i've got to give a mention to your outstanding use of the english language, your spelling is top notch fella."
b'good super cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes now i just need her to have reunited and happy ha grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f will you get them?'
b"yeah, david cage has a really creepy love for her, he made a scrapbook of pictures of her as a kid, it's not great"
b'info cash : make easy money online by legally exploiting the new facebook and microsoft search engine.'
b'i agree with that statement 100 %. i think america is intentionally throwing gas on the fire.'
b'middle fingers up if you do not give a fuck'
b'midterm +assignment due date tomorrow and i havent started a signle shit yet oh fuck'
b'that sounds interesting! what part of the process did you find amusing? always interested in hearing about interview experiences.'
b'" yelling poopy butt " face with tears of joy'
b'might buy my mom tickets to the cure in atlanta cuz thats the closest they will be'
b'might have to go smoke free again'
b'might head to the game! lol'
b'have a great time brotha.'
b'migrants at the raf base? they should be returned to the country they came from. 100 % of voters agree with me.'
b"migrants entertain themselves by pulling up woman's dress in france im not looking forward 2 this"
b'miguels is so good i love there cubans and that why i need one in wesley chapel so i dont have to go to springhill.'
b': weak at this lol'
b"believe jon's experience will shine through unless he tries to pick off or get anyone out on bases."
b'i fought for his right to sit. also fought for my right to lose respect for someone. using the " listen " argument is lazy.'
b'are we gunna have to pay a randsom to get the other guys back? cuz apperently we do that now.'
b"there's a lot of great people but herman edwards is just the best all around in my opinion. he always brings knowledge."
b'they have a right to do what they want is this not america. golic needs the wake up. stop kissing the corporate ass.'
b'watched a myth show and they tested all the myths of what helps with hot food thing to cool your mouth down was milk!'
b'cool that you answer all my sons friends questions! thank you ( mine too )'
b"**correction, that's a lot of '16 to show, 16 to win ' contracts... and i do not believe that number has raised in 20 yrs?"
b"i've watched you on tv unfortunately do not criticize anyone can read a teleprompter"
b'let me know if you need a guide. good friend of mine lives there and hikes daily'
b'thank you. you too. did you do the big reveal, did i miss the answer to where you are?'
b'i hope that plan involves putting hillary on a rocket ship and launching her into deep space for her crimes.'
b"sorry to hear of the passing of your little dog. that's a hard thing to go through."
b"stay on message do not let demon rats distract do not respond except that it's lies and pivot 2 policy."
b"wait, maybe it was the war college that's out that way. so long ago."
b'your mom should of microwaved you right after you were born'
b'me too! waiting for the cds to arrive but i went ahead and downloaded the mp3 album.'
b"i need you ready for the season... i know y'all go make some noise and shut theses haters up"
b'yes, we confirmed with his agent. pele is still signing tuesday.'
b"he couldn't manage a piss up in a brewery!"
b'you started to drink or you foolin?'
b'everyone is waiting for you to drop an album, wyd??'
b'hey stupid cunt except for your father who wishes for retroactive abortion. do not you realize that nobody gives a fuck about you.'
b'liked you when you took ur clothes off, at least it hurt you & not others.'
b"how the fuck did you go from hannah montana to this.. fucking disgusting and my kids used to watch u, hope you're parents are proud"
b'miley cyrus probably do not even use deodorant.'
b'miley looking beautiful singing " you are my sunshine " tonight at detroit miley cyrus'
b'miley said she wants to grow her her out & that she\'d have a mullet right now " but that\'s genetics i guess "'
b'do not you know new orleans is the worst place to be if you do not want to party. it never stops.'
b": here's what you should start (and stop ) doing in your 20s to lay the foundation for lifelong"
b'so nice to be back the good old cold war days... maybe our nato allies will finally increase their defense budgets'
b'millers tonight to say peace out to a homie chasing a nike dream in oregon.'
b'good plan! we recommend loading up on fruits for easy & yummy snacks smile'
b"are you forreal? that's attractive lol smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'milton keynes continue their trend of signing old, injury prone englishmen by nabbing owen hargraves'
b'shower me with your pretty charms'
b'mindbodygreen : i am a yoga teacher. here\'s what i hate about the yoga " community "'
b'mine and texting conversation right now is so beyond serious thought its really sarcastic as well. how the hell does that work?'
b"mine too! and my swimming friends lol they purposely pick 1pm to go train \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f ikrrrr but hes so self conscious 'bout it sobs"
b'good i am so happy, good luck, hope you make top 4'
b'miracle is so sweet i swear.'
b"i am super excited for it, but i'll have to wait another year for it to come to ps4. they've seriously delayed their profits."
b'lmao what a fucking'
b'it has been such an honor to watch such amazing work from a talented actress like you miranda cosgrove! you are amazing!'
b'rolling around in my head when i woke up. singing this all morning. i do not even like country'
b'miranda not only are you perfect but you are very inspirational :)! thanks for being so great :)!'
b'goodnight beautiful did you have a great day full of smiles? tell me about it i am all ears. & make sure to rest well too'
b"goodnight beautiful sweetdreams follow me and i'll follow back"
b'mirror selfie from a couple nights ago in the chicago house of blues green room bathroom. feat. wonky hand'
b'let me tell there was a day i hated you when you married a paki, but i realized later you are a gr8 indian who live 4 us. proud of you.'
b'wish both you best of luck with ur new partners'
b'i am really sarcastic and they dont understand me so theh mostly laugh it off ahaa'
b"you're such a good friend loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'we all appreciate the alexa bliss blessing of our timeline'
b'i know they can not wait until her class ends.'
b'dno, half hour/hour at tops i think x'
b'i just picked up that arc yesterday and am super excited'
b'missed hearing your voice through the phone good i am happy'
b'missing cabo & sunshine today! hopefully just 1 more week in the hospital and then we can go hibernate in our home!'
b'missing my long hair loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'missing my long hair cause it used to look really pretty curled loudly crying face'
b'missing new mom, domestic violence victim safe - cleveland 19 news |cleveland, oh |news, weather,'
b'missing someone sucks not knowing if they miss you back confused face'
b'missing someone who can careless about you is the worse lol'
b'missing ucla grad student found dead | nbc southern california via'
b'missing you... hope you are having a great time with family \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x98\xba'
b"miss maia is currently sulking in a pile of fresh catnip. she's high, but determined not to enjoy it."
b'{smiles } oh wow. thank you mia.. we will do our very best to be there.'
b'miss my long hair :(('
b'omg rachel and rachel reunited thats amazing oh gosh i just got too excited about this good'
b'people who think vanning fireatms will stop terrorists are absolute morons and should be spanked and sent to their room.'
b'miss some of the show? you can find plenty of videos on our page :'
b'miss the bang. miss summer. miss that phone case. face with cold sweat'
b'miss those long bus rides to training, and everyone will be asleep'
b"\xf0\x9f\xa6\x84miss you gorgeous sad hope ur having fun clubbing without me babe :'( hehehe love you"
b'missunderstanding is the way to miss everything. but understanding is the way to build strong relationship with lovable person.'
b'i freaking love you lmao'
b'and life is a nightmare'
b'mitam is the perfect album to listen to on long bus rides.'
b"that's attractive"
b'i would have no problem with voting for you if you did not want to piss in the face of those who stand for equality.'
b"i can not imagine how hard it was to make this decision. but honestly, i am sure fans would rather y'all stay safe!"
b'you know i am right and you\'re annoyed that i called you on it. caption should be " great cleavage day "'
b"michael jordan and peyton manning level work ethic. like so obsessed with being perfect they're probably legally insane."
b'i guess by book this was right call but they never call it. the td was a td period.'
b'fantastic what is the name of your school? so i can show my class. we also have a website heaps to see smile'
b'done, lie in tomorrow and a fridge full of bacon'
b"mmmmmmmm, sike hola, como estas chica face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy lol you're so funny i hate that you do not see that!"
b'mmmmoh my god why is classics always packed'
b"mmmm... what to wear you won't, b. c i keeps it classy \xe2\x98\xba, not telling me what clothes to buy that's dead af too"
b'what an amazing day today with the senior leaders at poole - so proud they are so good'
b": the best book i've read in years, trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius"
b'-crouching down to get a better look at the craft, her fingertips drumming softly on the cool metal as she examined it as if -'
b'mockingjay 2 was great though'
b'mockingjay part 2 was really good though except the epilogue and i now have a full pizza in my fridge goodnight'
b'mockingjay pt2 today good can not remember what happened in pt1, a good job i read the books.'
b'mockingjaytheir love reaches a peak when katniss and peeta have sex in mockingjay part 2.'
b'is awesome. season 7 is kickass all the actors are just so awesome. phil dunphy is the best. heavy black heart face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'modern worlds about love not hate timmy. less of the anger. take some deep breaths or maybe try & hold your breath!'
b'naa never they come out here. & lmaooo yupp! bt i heard its humid as fck out there tho?'
b'all the best tonight. you will be awesome as you have been from the beginning'
b'come on boro! but who the hell is carayol?'
b"you're such a good friend smile"
b'love you baby, one day order pizza to sch ah hehehe'
b'you almost crushed my soul there. i am super excited to go practice tomorrow.'
b'hahah! i know, literally screamed so much ha'
b'moment a pensioner caused traffic chaos when he navigated a busy roundabout on his mobility scooter : via'
b'moments ago warming up in the locker room getting ready to open up fight night!'
b'mom i am feeling really sick i cant go to school tmr " " you can not do that, i\'ll drive you to school then. " plzzz lemme just rest mooom qq'
b"mom just independently discovered the 'old as balls ' joke except her version is 'old as butt '"
b'mommy, do you know that you\'re such a good friend? " ~cadence'
b'momo was so pretty at her baby shower \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'mom\'s dressing. & i am frm south. its dressing not stuffing! lol " : what\'s your fav holiday dish that you\'re looking forward to? "'
b'mom sent me this pic of my cat with the caption " i think fred is losing weight, what do you think? " i cried laughing'
b'i love that eating together brings us closer together. learning every day'
b"mom's singing voice really really really made my day. thanks ma."
b'mom takes me to the doctor cuz'
b'mom tattoos \xe2\x80\x93 love and marriage -'
b'mom : " whatcha doin \'? " me : " laying in the dark avoiding my responsibilities " mom : " oh okay "'
b'monaco is my shit bro. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'monaco is well shit.'
b'hang in there, jovah! i wish i could help with some of that but all i can offer is a virtual hug. [whats the school work though?]'
b"it's going to be a great weekend full of hockey. we are looking forward to a monarch win on fri, sat and sun."
b'monday morning reminder - in out om'
b'monday needs to come faster'
b'monday night football - be there! pats another day an other offensive strategy no one expects and has time to figure out. have fun rex'
b'monday night tv just got boring'
b"monday's so boring bruhh."
b'money can buy you happiness via'
b"money can not buy happiness but i'd rather do all my crying in a porsche"
b'money can not buy happiness, but it certainly is a stress reliever. - besa kosova'
b'money ] if my credit limit is is it a good idea to use my credit card to buy a laptop for if i pay it off as soon as i get charged'
b'money is the motive'
b'money never changed us just changed the situation'
b'money will never change me. i kno some niggas lost in the sauce tho sleeping face'
b'happy birthday cutie i hope you have an amazing day \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a'
b'monitoring the hashtag stay safe follow orders please'
b'i get distracted sooooo easily. " ooh a book i finished.. lets read the ending again for memories " and stuff like that'
b'monsieur talk is looking for new connections : small businesses in london, language nuts, people looking for french lessons. recommendations?'
b'monster boy, i am sorry, my favourite track ever, love it super tunes and more garage playing'
b'this is something you need to get!'
b'great way to start the senior year'
b'months* rt : day two of not talking to you at all. love this. so much fun'
b'mon \xe2\x82\xacy (man city ) vs passion (liverpool ) 1 -4 \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'mood : i am chilling smiling face with sunglasses relationship status : i am chilling smiling face with sunglasses life : i am chilling smiling face with sunglasses'
b"mood. it's a celebration, you made it through the weekday. happy"
b'moonfalora : rexuality : a person complaining about puns basically invites every pun enthusiast in the'
b"thanks for following me, moon eonnii ~ akmu's suhyun here \xe3\x85\x8b\xe3\x85\x8b\xe3\x85\x8b pls take care of this kiddo ne smile"
b'have a great day smile'
b'hehe you caught on \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f i love you too loudly crying face'
b"moose would make a good wingman for hubs. he'll find hubs a new woman to take my place. he's a real chick magnet."
b"moral of the story... the grass looks greener til you're the one that has to mow the lawn."
b'moral of the story. thou shalt not fuxk over a geechee woman and live without a scar to tell the story face with tears of joy'
b'more and more i am attracted to the idea of going somewhere that not a single soul would know me. at a point you become what ppl make you into.'
b'alright thanks man keep up the good work i love you vids'
b'more evidence to support smoking bans and lows to keep the air smoke free in public places.'
b'means being on holiday and spending time with my gorgeous boyfriend \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"more like he was 70 and decided it wasn't too late to try steroids"
b'more of a inside a house, vibe with friends kind of guy.'
b'more youtubers should be like a very lovable person. love you bro no homo \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i can but i get distracted easily'
b'and intoxicated! love you ha smile'
b'wow that may be the best tweet of all time... no joke.'
b'people who call other people ugly for no good reason have ugly personalities, ur hot smiling face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'just making sure those were most accurate.. but wait what is c1 because i kinda just ignore it'
b'morg is so sweet see no evil monkey'
b'yup... very self serving. if it gets him to a bigger market, that would be great news.'
b"morning all, its bright and sunny here today so that means i'll finally be able to take some photos. cant wait to"
b'morning convos with got me rolling'
b'morning from still hot down here'
b'morning full of life by'
b'morning prayer dear god make our life better and closer to your heart - make our souls so yielding to you as'
b'morning realization : when people to whom i was very connected die the grieving does not end when i go to sleep.'
b'morning \xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba super sunday smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes today rolling shopping at junction square. smiling face with open mouth'
b'mortgage rates are still very low. call us for your financing needs. we have trid under control smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"lmfaooooo! my dog did this as a puppy and i was like wtf! glad to see it wasn't just mine."
b'mosray : i ran a bath n added bubbles n they ended up looking like a butt i accidentally made a bubble'
b"most attractive shit i've ever seen"
b'most comprehensive analysis of the abject failure on steroids that is'
b'most definitely and never doubted him at all'
b"most disgusting thing a man can do is use a female for sex but have her thinking it's more than that"
b'most excited - phase two of our hotel project begins today. *zooms to st. albans to meet *'
b'most frequently heard comments and questions i get : are those eyes real you have a nice butt i like your jawline do you miss allen'
b"most hilarious interviews ever xd you're really awesome! by the way my bro the best! xoxo"
b"mostly it's web devs ' faults. reason why some site looks like shit even though ie11 is a good browser"
b'most memorable time from the locker room, long bus rides, racing and feeling like death together. this is my family.'
b"most of the people you work with are annoying. here's a podcast about them"
b'most people i ask to braid my hair say they do not know how to braid?\xc2\xbf'
b'most seniorsdo not have a heart to heart conversation with their children or trustees about their estates.'
b"most stimulating conversation i've had in ages! given me so much to think about."
b'most times we need darkness to appreciate light. you remain an icon on d continent. see you soon boss.'
b"most tv ads : men are dumb, women are annoying, you're stupid & that's great, eat this fatty, america!, 4 -hr erections, you're so alone."
b'most wonderful time of the year \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xe2\x9b\xb8\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84'
b"mother india and mother russia are having a tough time with each other. one reason : uncle sam's entry"
b'mother they said you were growing inside me. but i knew better. you were closer than that. my body was yours.'
b'from dory in the movie " just keep swimming. "'
b'motocross - no seatbelts. no roll cages. just balls.'
b'your credit union has the most devoted people and generous gifts! trusted giving'
b"mot swimming pools i've been too are freezing though face with tears of joy x"
b'they are an absolute joy to watch.'
b'mournings end part 1 & 2 with should be great fun.'
b'me too! my mum bought mine. i can not afford costa face with tears of joy crying face'
b'moviedate on a thursday with the bae.'
b'movie selection on long bus rides can be keys to victory.'
b'movin along : my fianc\xc3\xa9 is hungover i think. im not sure yet. she keeps doing weird shit... waking up, getting mad, falling back to sleep'
b'happy birthday bud have a amazing day! raised fist'
b'thank you both for this interesting conversation.. i can not sleep and its amusing as hell. smile'
b'still can not believe i cried during this man. it was great though.'
b'i appreciate the thought, when star wars or any other nerdy thing is targeted at women, but... wtf is that?'
b'cameron, mr hunt & mr osborne have you no shame or one ounce of decency left in your minds or hearts you disgraceus'
b'literally my favorite actor. i am getting a death wish tattoo in the future'
b': good to hear hulk hogan in the air! " i am thinking a tag team ufc style match : bubba and hogan vs mike and warren sapp!'
b'david whens your next fight please reply!'
b'on the bright side it feels like summer all year.'
b"how's it shallow? when you need to be able to talk to make connections? and if i can not understand you"
b'lol dude they still make that game you can ditch the nes'
b'thank you so much for sharing, it is quite an impressive document!'
b"thanks! it's really about the line of athlete, balance and energy. same as my dancer art. i am so thrilled i could do this!"
b'just eat should have some were it has loads of takeaway places enjoy xx'
b'mr. nix and ms. outzes are my favorite teachers.'
b'you said you were planning to go. i did not realise you had landed. stay safe o.'
b"mr. o 'brien always has the best ideas :"
b'how about playing ramsey in the middle would help'
b"yes lol that's why i am drinking it's stressed"
b"mr. president, if you want to insult me, insult me to my face. let's have a debate on syrian refugees right now!"
b'all i could download was yahoo sports. i did not see sportacular?'
b'your class is spoilt. and no i am running through the corridors.'
b'oh you can join in all the fun like me on night duty tonight :)))))'
b"mrs. kramer's class getting ready to load the tram at fantastic caverns. they had a great time!"
b'it\'s the people that say " fuck the police " and how they hate pigs and call the cops as soon as something bad happens to them.'
b"it's hard 2 lose when they play no1. can not blame wilbon, galloway etc. kissing osu butt all ur 4 no good reason"
b"is at the ama's! lmao"
b'good im so happy for you'
b'that these beings were (and are ) worshipped as gods. cthuhlu being one such being, who was trapped on earth'
b'nobody need the drama get tht crap straight like foreal'
b'nice! i did not think farah the invisible woman was still alive. cant wait to watch the fall finale later!'
b'i have never heard so much bs except 4 trump he can go to hell for lying same as stealing. he kisses his mom w/that mouth?'
b'aa are being defined by really oppressed few! white believe their tax goes 2 poor blacks, we pay enough tax 2 cover that tab & more!'
b'can i ask you something? are trump surrogates necessary 24/7?? i am tired of this bs. they have a home at'
b'ignored by one party and taken for granted by the other, then common sense says do not vote for either. 3rd party time.'
b'donald: believe me! i have the best plan, yuge! that i can tell you! except, i can not remember, it was a lie'
b'i do not think it was intentional. sadly we expect attacks in lebanon because of proximity to syrian conflict. france was unexpected.'
b'if i could have a wish tonight i wish all trump supporters would listen to and understand bob dylans song "only a pawn in their game"'
b'older voters want to return to the 50"s when the rest of the world is competing in the 21st century.'
b"so please, do not treat us like we're stupid. anyone living in california can see it with their own eyes."
b"so what's not wrong with trump. he's a damn disaster as a candidate. his hotels are actually run down. would do the same to country."
b'the entire western world believed the lies told by bush, rumsfield, powell rice & dick. they should be in the hague awaiting trial'
b'they are not "reopening" the case! i am starting to lose respect for you.'
b'who cares if bobby knight is there. he did not show up for the anniversary of his iu undefeated team. he is a lot like trump.'
b"negative awareness can be worse than no awareness. that's what i've learnt about life. knowledge is useless if it does not enrich"
b': our god is an awesome god. he knows exactly what is best for us.'
b'i am not excited to meet my roommates next year face with tears of joy'
b'mt help put a stop to bring back the power to the state level.'
b'im looking for the sluts face with tears of joy'
b'mtrcb holds successful 3rd family and child summit - sun. star'
b'mtvhottestforjb : swag swag swag on you justin bieber'
b'5 seconds of summer black heart suit'
b'much respect to the fella walking around liverpool today with the sailors hat on. ahoy there!'
b'thats how funny they were -___ - my friend lol'
b'mulligan kill ends second set. warhill up 2 -0 (25 -15, 25 -19) on hidden valley in 3a volleyball final'
b'mum always buys crap hot chocolate i need costa'
b'mum and i are off to costa in our pjs'
b'mum bought me a costa \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'mum bringing me costa and a greggs, she knows'
b'mum forgot we were in pret a manger and tried to use her costa card and the guy just looked at her like wtf you doin face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'mum has just swilled me with a latte in costa so sound'
b'mum, please. i am not coming home cos i want to concentrate on my studies this weekend. i am trying to get 4 flat. for you, smile'
b'mum took me to costa what a lad'
b'mum walked in with a costa'
b'mum will not give me money for a costa but she will get her eyelashes do not urm'
b'mum will not go costa for me, dunno what her problem is tbh'
b"i gotta go to a baby shower tonight but my parents leave tuesday so i'll be free all week"
b'i am immortal i can not die'
b'murmures : me : i fuckin love school learning man this is where im meant to be professor : reminder that your'
b'i would love for someone to dissect the career of a dude who shits the bed and then is still handed studio film after studio film.'
b'great time with electric and nana'
b'music has been known to build an emotional bond between people, so singing in a group actually brings you closer together'
b"musicians do not need that kinda bullshit fuck men i am stressed they are killing sa's music industry"
b'love 2 hear this \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5 been struggling with my health pretty bad, bt still here n still smiling face with smiling eyes send me links guys'
b'filter - no love (official music video )'
b'music video for brick by boring brick single was released 6 years ago!'
b'winners circle born a star 12 " 3 track one sided promo featuring disco plus and'
b'musil_brescia provides a good example of something to'
b'he did not say it. thx for serving. contrary to what potus thinks, americans are great and know diff between terrorist and muslims'
b'muslims have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism " ~hillary'
b"'mustang ' takes on women's rights in fairy tale form"
b'muster group dinner. all had to wear something they had bought on the trip. it was a fun night'
b'must go to bed now. lots of love! goodnight!'
b"must not get favorites cause i do not do no school sports an do not smoke that reefer no more, damn what a shame. fuck y'all follower bitches"
b"*gets closer and whispers in his ear* if you're hurt i can kiss it better"
b'i did the whole shannon sharpe set and added every collectible worry will they bring back the solos?'
b'thank you. i am always happy to hear that the hours i invested in researching and writing an article were helpful'
b'would be a a great cudi style feature on next track winking face'
b'i need to do that. i feel like " kicking ass " for no good reason these days. smile'
b'my 4 y/o child browses inappropriate content on the ipad i got him, the internet needs to be restricted and regulated! " - shit parents'
b'my 8 year old niece is here watching the fights with me, she asks such smart questions for her age - love teaching her the sport'
b'my advice to miho on how to handle bashers? " smile and let them wonder why. "'
b'my aesthetic is the kid in the " feel the bern " shirt angrily yelling at donald trump at a gop debate'
b'my algebra teacher is the worst teacher i have ever had! i hate him so much!'
b'my apple tv remote is lost and i have not been this heartbroken about anything in like a week smh'
b'my attempt at can not sleep love by off their new album smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my attitude horrible weary face but i swear i am working on it smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my auntie came in at 8 inna morning rolling up the best of the best'
b'my aunt is coming for thanksgiving on tuesday but i plan to spend as much time out of the house and with friends as possible is tht rude'
b'my aunt texts me every morning blessing me and sending me her love i appreciate that so much weary face'
b'my baby cousin smells so good why do babies always smell like freshly baked bread'
b'my baby in'
b'my baby mama say i am living wrong if she die then i guess she dead right'
b'my baby not feeling good, makes me sad and wanna cry.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face my baby sister is hilarious. wow weary face'
b'my baby started crawling -- can i be both happy and sad?'
b'my beautiful boo getting snuggi cozi x'
b'my bed has never felt better sleeping face'
b'my bed is love right now'
b'my bed, my cat, my dog, my mom. i love being home weary face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'\xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a// my bestfriend man and woman holding hands \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f before it was anyone it was you! you always there when i need you face throwing a kiss i love you best'
b'my best friend is the best person ever loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'my bestfriend loves you and her birthday is coming up.'
b'my bestfriend realer than alot of you niggas smiling face with horns'
b'my best friends are better than yours'
b'my best friends wow imy girls'
b'my birthday is tomorrow bt my facebook friends have started wishing me a happy birthday'
b'my birthday wish today is for people to be compassionate to each other. send healing prayers of love.'
b'my bodies so numb, all i do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame'
b'my body feels so weak slightly frowning face i hate being sick! weary face'
b'my body is fucking sore and i have the worst headache ever face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'my body is never ready for long bus rides'
b'my body so numb, all i do is kill pain, all i do is smoke loud, put you niggas to shame.'
b'my boyfriend has to be the most annoying lovable person i know.'
b'my boyfriend is my bestfriend \xf0\x9f\x98\x89i swear i tell him everything like he one of my friends face with tears of joy weary face'
b'my boyfriend is so sweet! came to visit me just now before he headed to work midnight shift! love my man 3'
b'my boyfriend is very smart and i love him'
b'my boyfriend looks gorgeous in a suit mm \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'my boyfriend looks gorgeous w. out his braces weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"my boyfriend's face is so gorgeous. from his brows, eyelashes, lashes, to the shape of his face, etc. i just love it smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"my boyfriend's mom eats whatever she wants and isn't athletic at all and is freaking gorgeous."
b"my brother and sister went to our bio mom's house and my mom's out with friends. fuck you guys for being social tonight."
b'my brother has been put in the psych ward. he has completely lost touch with realty.'
b'my brother just scared the absolute shit out of me, this is why i never go to the bathroom at night expressionless face face with tears of joy'
b'my brother uce_banga trying to cook dinner for some friends.'
b'my butt hurts so much i hate sitting in pe class for so long tired face'
b'my butt is numb from sitting lol'
b'my butt looks kinda nice'
b'my career is gonna be digital art and photography'
b"my cat and i have a love/hate relationship. i hate him 90 % of the time coz he's an evil fuck"
b'my cat does that too'
b'my cat got a early christmas present from my mom lol. my mom gave us a old laser pointer pen that they'
b'my cat has a better life than mine'
b'my cat : i just want to show you affection please stop clawing the shit out of me i am delicate'
b'my cat is going to get a degree in being fluffy and adorable.'
b'my cat is sad because an important business meeting has resulted in a clash of opinions and a cloud of bad feeling.'
b'my cat is sad because he is pestered by his mom taking pictures while he is trying to nap.'
b'my cat is sad because he is thinking about every brief, arbitrary chance for true love that has ever passed him by.'
b'my cat is sad because he tries to drop little hints to show me how he is feeling, but i never seem to notice them.'
b'my cat is sleepin on my other cats butt omg'
b'my cat is such a butt hole'
b'my cat just drooled on me.'
b'my cat just scratched the shit out of my nipple'
b'my cat knows i am his mama, ha'
b'my cat makes a fine ewok.'
b"my cat must've lost his mind i am bout to beat his ass"
b"my cat pooped on my brother's leg so now i feel like there is some justice in the world."
b'my cat was sleeping so my mom called his name and was like " your food lets eat " and he opened his eyes and literally ran following my mom'
b'my cat will do anything to get my attention especially put her butt in my face.'
b'my charger works on my roommates phone, the ipad, and not my phone. that makes a lot of sense.'
b'my child a dancer, not an athlete'
b'my chillin rules if you touch the remote i am kickin you out i do not wanna look at your dumb ass tv shows'
b'my christmas list is a few books, a typewriter and camera stuff good'
b'my christmas adorable, one of a kind, classic ready to ship, and available in my'
b'my classes are getting even more amusing, more exciting and more interesting... kudos to passionate educators! smiling face with smiling eyes heavy black heart'
b'my client really made my day smiling face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'my contacts did not come in today, but my credit limit went up on my credit card so i am okay with today'
b'my conversation with the wonderful is (finally ) up. " on the maintenance of civilization " :'
b"here's hoping i am back by the end of the football game tomorrow night on the stripes. 1 pm game in murray, then rollin ' home"
b'my cousin vinny is on tv. if you have not seen it. really a cute movie. love marisa tomei in it hehe'
b'my coworker asked priscilla if she was a filthy casual today and i laughed but also wanted to murder him.'
b'my coworker at nike scored backstage passes to show tomorrow off comments i made lol i am mad. i know you do not have butt pads tho'
b'my coworker told me i was naturally pretty and it really made my day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my credit card company just increased my credit limit lord help me'
b'my credit card keeps alerting me when i give generous tips.. looks like this is going to happen a lot'
b'my credit limit for my vs credit card went from to smiling face with heart shaped eyes sooooooooo happy right now!'
b'my crush posted one of my face songs of all time on fb and one of my fave vloggers posted a pic with one of my fave bands... what a day'
b'my cute squishy dumb boy i love you so muchhh \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'my dad almost got arrested for fighting a mascot 22 years ago'
b'my dad always plays his playlist at dinner & it consists of the music i downloaded onto my mp3 player in 2007'
b'my dad and my mom are coming over to my house this weekend... let me mentally prepare myself?'
b'my daddy drinking and smoking and aint say symone you want some or you wanna hit the blunt lol'
b"my dad is slightly drunk tonight and told me he'd be fine if i failed my physics test tomorrow okay cool"
b'my dad is trying to tell me that rich people can not be depressed is he actually that stupid android'
b"my dad's such a goon lol, 39 and still posting facebook pics of himself drinking."
b'my daily commute has increased by 125 %.'
b"my darlings, my wife's writer will be absent for a few days. so please do not be upset if she doens't reply to you."
b"my daughter must be very hungry if i am talking about food and it ain't even lunch time lmao ha"
b'my daughter turning 6, traveling more, dress line, screenplay finished. tell me what you are looking forward to in 2016?'
b'my day consisted of laying in the dark with my dog listening to adele dvd'
b'my day has been so shitty but i am not letting that ruin my mood. no no no.'
b'my day has consisted of fallout and counting the hours i hypothetically have left to finish my homework. day well spent.'
b'my day so far has been waking up, reading kuraryou smut, falling back asleep and having horrible nightmares, then finally getting up at 3 pm'
b'my days shot..'
b'my day started off just great smirking face'
b'my day started of good cause i heard that great thing then it may of went to shit.'
b'my death came for me when i turned twenty-eight. it said, " look, i read all your poems, " then apologised for being late'
b'my doctors asked if i was in love and my mom said " yeah, in love with herself " lmaooooooo tru face with tears of joy'
b"my doctor says between f1 races in the 90s and the fucking dyson airblade it's a miracle i have any hearing left at all"
b'my dog was sleeping and rolled off my bed omg i never laughed so hard'
b'my dreadlocks were'
b'my dream and everything that exists beyond it. a card i wager on peace. again playing with no rules, i take up the challenge.'
b'my dream and life goal is to marry the love of my life and have a beautiful family of my own.'
b'my dream is to fly, over the rainbow so high! and \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my dream is to live a generous life and be loving, be close to allah almighty and be a good human being and bring peace to people.'
b"my dreams are so f'ed upp"
b"my dressing! i've been dreaming abt it! what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'my ears have been blessed. thank you i know you big time and everything but you got to remember the twins!'
b'my emotions in no say i blame olivia or hate her as again, i believe in abortion and do not judge. i am just sad, so so sad.'
b'my english teacher takes forever to grade things and i hate it'
b'my entire body is sore. i just moved my arm to grab my chapstick and it was the worst.'
b'my evp on a friday morning after schmoozing with a prospect till 4am the night before and landing the account : via'
b'my ex boyfriend heard of at sunset through his cousin. lol. what a coincidence seeing as not many people in the uk have heard of them'
b'my ex tryna diss me and shit but i do not see why because i used to mean everything to her smh'
b'my eyebrows look good. i am admiring them. lisa went a little thinner than usual but i am feeling it'
b'my eyes hurt from looking at all those flashes'
b'my face when people say they got their facts from the bible'
b'my facial hair is getting long af lol'
b'my family does not love me at all'
b'my family is so weird, i love it'
b"my fav is either love in the dark or million years ago or sweetest devotion... i can not decide they're all so good"
b'my favorite actor in my younger years'
b'my favorite actor jean reno does not have a twitter but donald trump has one? what a time to be alive smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my favorite capitalist aka is going to be at my local costco on friday!'
b'my favorite part of the day : when i hear that loud sigh and watch the headphones go on.'
b'my favorite time of the year smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes loudly crying face'
b'my favourite coffee shop is full of children. nooooo my safe place.'
b'my favourite food is home cooked - only when mum cooks 3'
b"my favourite scene in wolfpack is when the mom gets super excited about the big pumpkins it's so funny"
b'my feelings show love is crazy pretty baby take it real slow my feelings show all you have to do is never ever let it go my feelings show.'
b'my first bathroom i am so ashamed.'
b'my first credit card and i love them! just got my credit limit bumped up'
b'my first photo shoot is next saturday. i am super excited.'
b'my football day was going all well except'
b'my football day was going all well except shitty lost lost chelsea just moved one place up are back!'
b'my freshly washed, crisp bedsheets smell like vanilla and that makes me happy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my friday keeps getting better and better smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'my fridge is still full of beer'
b'my friend and i have gotten so close that she now farts infront me and has no shame'
b'my friend has such good seats'
b'my friend in jand just sent me his proposal and i am here reading stories about bj contracts and shit'
b'my friend said sorry to this old man for blocking his way. and then he said " you dont have to say sorry, you didnt do anything wrong "'
b'my friends are total jerks but i love them'
b"my friend's favourite team lost the match and feels so heartbroken."
b'my friends wanna go out but i am stuck babysitting weary face loudly crying face'
b'my geography teacher gave me like 7 past papers to do by monday why does she hate me'
b'my girlfriend bought me these pug gloves that have bells on them. i plan on wearing them all winter with no shame.'
b'my girlfriend is angry with me unamused face thanks god that she is imaginary lol'
b"my girlfriend scares me when she's angry face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"my girl, you can even get a large & cheese lol rt dreams2realit lmfao what's good *grabs purse* leh 'go"
b'my goal is to finish all my homework before the night is over with loudly crying face'
b'my goal is to finish all of my homework tonight'
b'my goal is to just be an overall good person... a lovable person... a genuine and truthful guy'
b'my god sister store got robbed today but her snapchat story of the recap is hilarious.. i am just glad she okay'
b'my godson keeps waking up out of his sleep crying the falling back asleep. this cold he has got him acting out of charcter poor boy'
b'my god the golf course is packeddddd right now'
b'my grandparents live in like hidden valley ranch "'
b'my granny know i am mad. i hate seeing her sick'
b'my gratitude to the british people & govt. special thanks to pm for his personal attention to all the aspects of my visit.'
b'my greatest love and our precious bean'
b"my group from business class. it's safe to say we dress for success. (at los angeles valley college )"
b'my hair is getting long'
b'my hair is like as dry as a freaking dried grass'
b'my hair is too short ; it can not reach my nose so i can not even smell my freshly washed haaaaaaair'
b'my hair was long af!'
b'my hair was long in 8th grade, i wonder how long it would be now if i had not gotten it cut tired face'
b'my happy mood is brought to you daily by a delicate balance of caffeine and marijuana.'
b'my head hurt.'
b'my headphones broke so now i am using stupid android headphones. they are the worst'
b'my headset is resting on my bed now, across the room'
b'my heart done got so cold open hands sign no love here. i already know how the shit gone turn out \xe2\x9d\x97\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my heart feels weird and i need a way to release all this frustration and sadness.'
b'my heart goes out to joey & rory fleek family i will be praying, much love talisha. god is hold your hand'
b'my heart is so cold, can not hardly find no love in it'
b'my heart, it just keeps getting better smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my heart right now is in paris \xf0\x9f\x87\xab everyone send positive thoughts and prayers to those suffering and have loved ones there'
b"my heart.. so cold, ain't got no love"
b'my heart so cold rn i got no love for nobody accept these fat bitches they did not do nothin to nobody'
b'my highest score from the 138. not back getting better and better'
b'my high school sweat heart love did not last long, niggas start flashing that bread and she was gone'
b'my hobbbies include waking up and sleepily talking to gon and falling back asleep like five minutes later'
b'my honor. we are supposed to give back and help our fellow brothers and sisters! thank you'
b'my husband king mansoor please get a lawyers facebook holding am e back by holding my lotto wins i am missing you i love you q & e. e'
b'my idea of happiness is my fridge full of beer.'
b"it's fine as long as you've done your part and tried your best kissing face do not need to stressed yourself too much over that grinning face"
b'my " ik you\'re lying, but keep trying to save your ass, you ain\'t foolin me " face \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my incredibly hot husband carried mattresses around, moved furniture and then carried my down the stairs when i had an allergy attack. love.'
b'my involuntary eyebrow twitches have evolved into a stiff painful knot of eyebrow muscle. i will stop drinking coffee when im rich'
b'of the 10,000 + gods humans have worshipped, how do you know yours is the correct god? (not including your scriptures )'
b'my journo friend silva is coming over for tea tonight. should make for some intriguing conversation!'
b"my kids do not care if it's a weekend, they wake up at the crack of dawn and come and wake us up for no good reason."
b'my kids like uptown funk & come back by ella eyre played loud in the car. maybe to drown out my singing!'
b"my kiley's birthday was yesterday but we both had to work swing shift. i love you and happy birthday kiley"
b"my laptop's battery just drained. is that a sign that i should sleep or"
b'my last day at my work... is my bday cool'
b'my last day at work until the 1st'
b'my last girlfriend was a feminist, vegan punk who broke up with me because she thought i was too angry'
b'my last retweet aka a beautiful reminder before i go to sleep, goodnight!'
b"my last retweet was hilarious. i shouldn't be laughing at my student's sister but that was crazy"
b'my last tweet was suppose to look cool and say lol. hope everyone is enjoying themselves smile'
b'my latest portfolio addition. please leave welcome " subtle stripes " x'
b'myles has proved how much of a freak he really is. no shame.'
b'dang boy it smells -. - " lmao'
b'my life be like ;o'
b'my life consists of drinking an hour after i wake up lol'
b'my life is a living nightmare, how would i think of something happy is gonna happen in my life? it just would not'
b'my life is a nightmare.'
b"my life is any type a's worst nightmare"
b'my life is basically " the kid\'s aren\'t alright " playing in the distance as i am either crying or screaming.'
b'my life is not going great'
b'my life would be an absolute joy and delight if i did not have the inability to share a guy. i really really can not'
b'my light in my room is flickering and idk why i feel like jesus is in here.'
b'my lil boy landon sent you a message smile we love you!'
b'my lil sis got me drinking this cheap ass vodka, prolli gonna have a headache lol'
b'my lil sister is just pure hilarious face with tears of joy he came to me and said she wants to tell me a story. i told her go on and tell me the story.'
b'my little sister is hilarious on fb honestly face with tears of joy'
b'my " lol oh " game strong af'
b'my long luscious hair is gone. crying face crying face crying face crying face'
b'no worries smile im glad you are okay'
b'my luck refuses to run out'
b"my lungs are so sore from coughing so much & it's honestly the worst pain ever sad"
b'my mac gotta come faster'
b'my mama said to slow down. you must make my own shoes. stop dancing to the music. of gorillaz in a happy mood.'
b"my mama's dressing and candied yams rt what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'my manager just called me from my moms phone so i could come in early.'
b"my manager thinks he's funny scaring the fuck outta me unamused face"
b'my meme always telling me to gargle with warm salt water loudly crying face i hate being sick pensive face'
b'my mind is full of bullshits.'
b'my mom gone say i need to watch what i say to people expressionless face like wtf i am not finna let nobody talk to me any type of way that shit dead'
b'my mom has been playing tomb raider for 6 hours'
b'my mom is devastated, she said she watched him take his last breath & said prayers over him before he was flushed'
b'my mom is dumb part 2: " why does our tv keep messing up wtf " it\'s blocking out the cussing when they perform'
b'my mom is in italy and now skyping with my dad. then suddenly he played a romantic christmas song and told my mom to listen thru skype ~'
b'my mom is mad because i am wearing sweat pants to school. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b'my mom is making black friday shopping a competition this year smiling face with horns'
b"my mom is working on thanksgiving, so she's cooking all the sides but i am in charge of the turkey. i can not wait."
b'my mom made me stop watching and " go to bed " even tho i am just watching the livestream in my room ha'
b'my momma is talking about her & convo this morning has me rolling face with tears of joy'
b'my momma told me that, sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b'my mom said " that hayes grier kid is cute you should date him " someone call 911 im'
b"my mom says i have to play drinking games for new year's eve. can not even use sparkling grape juice to substitute. lol"
b'my mom says my job is to keep dad calm during the game.'
b'my moms so cute she put new vs hoodies on my bed while i was in the shower what a gem'
b'my mood changed so fast. i was just so happy'
b'my mood switches from happy to sad in an instant pensive face'
b'my mood today : sad to happy to jealous to freak to dead to feeling good to feeling like shit in 0. 2 sec'
b'my morning is so awesome!'
b'my morning started off great and i am in a good mood. happy friday everyone grinning face with smiling eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'my most favourite performance 3 they look so cool 3'
b'my mother came home from the hospital today.. smile'
b"my mum and dad got one of they tassimo coffee machines and it's like i live in costa or starbucks min, the smell of coffee is rank rotten!"
b'my mum came to eat lunch with me because lunch started at 1:30 i love you mum! you do so much for me! happy birthday mikey!'
b"my mum got puhoi chocolate milk instead of lewis rd chocolate milk and it's so yuck"
b'my mum is so pissed off about this.'
b"my mum makes disgusting coffee but it's better than mr websters, i could honestly do with some costa coffee or zoe's smiling face with sunglasses"
b'my mum sent me a costa gift card so i can afford coffee'
b'my mum took me to a spontaneous costa trip'
b'my name is calum and i am a pizza bitch'
b"my name is shallom calling from forestry and there is no traffic but it's really hot down here please register me."
b'my nanny really just made my day smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my new favorite insult thanks 5sos xd 5 seconds of summer'
b'my new fursuit is here finally ; i can not wait to show it at the next convention ^. ^'
b'my new goal in life is to be like harry and do not give a single fuck about what people think about me \xe2\x9c\x8c\xe2\x9c\x8c\xe2\x9c\x8c one direction'
b'my new pickup line, " you look great, can i buy you some gas? you look classy like you need 93 " when she say i do not drive i do not have any comeback weary face'
b'my new sounds : dead air ep 35 - thirteen ghosts on'
b'my next hair inspo.'
b'my night was great though loudly crying face after i got out my feelings'
b'my not so inner choir girl is dying'
b'my ob is just so fucking helpful it isnt funny!'
b'my ocd could not handle this'
b'my oh so posh advent calendar lol i love chocolate worth the money, counting down christmas in style face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my old bitch was boring.'
b'my only dream now : having a piano and play hungarian rhapsody no. 2 perfectly in front of international audience. then i can die in peace.'
b"my only solace is that i might get kfc on my way back but peaks will be full of children and it'll hurt"
b'my original is " line stickers ". " mr. a -ho " please use an interesting conversation. 6194'
b'my parents always have a full beer fridge, liquor cabinet, and a freezer full of delicious drinks. cocktail glass'
b'my parents are making goat and my fridge is full of brews'
b'my parents are probably wondering why i am laying in the dark blasting the weekend on a friday night face with tears of joy maple leaf'
b'my parents would be sooooo proud'
b'my parents yell at me cause i drink too much milk but i do not think they understand how much worse they could have it.'
b'my phone battery say 10 %. i just charge 5 hours ago okay what this nonsense'
b'my phone be buku dry & nothing do not be on. i jus be laying in the dark listening to music'
b'my phone been on do not disturb all day just been feeling shitty unamused face'
b'my phone falls on the floor & i get a text. not sure if i want to pick it up'
b'my phone has had no service for like 2 -3 hours...'
b'my phone is going t die anytime from now but i am too lazy t get up & charge when my charger is only a metre away'
b'my phone is just alittle crackedd'
b"my phone says it'll take an hour adnd 14 mins until ful charge for the past 14 mins"
b'my phone was at 3 % i went to the apple store and was like " can i charge my phone its gna die " and she was like " yeah of course " so nice'
b'my phone wont charge bro, its been stuck at 74 for 20 minutes now.'
b'my plan is to get through the day so when i get home i could watch b. a. p on asc'
b'my playlist will have go you in love. to pondering. to crying. to dabbing. to being turnt tf up. hating your ex. missing your ex & blowing ish up'
b'my po baby is sick white frowning face hate i am not there to take care of him!'
b'my poor baby is still covered in hives and miserable face with cold sweat'
b'my poor boy inherited my rolling veins. not so fun when you have to get blood drawn.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy my pops got me rolling going up to the hospital wit em in the morning'
b'my power is out from the huge wind storm now i need to find out a way to do my home work'
b'my prayers for people of the world, who lost their lives at the hands of those who fuel their fire with hate and bloodshed.'
b'my prayers for people of in this difficult time. special care, protection and follow up needed for affected children and elderly.'
b'my prayers go out to all the people in new orleans about to get hit by isaac?'
b'my prayers go up for those and the families of those involved in the senseless tragedy in france.'
b"my precious starlight you are so so important to me. you're such a good friend & you're super talented & i love you"
b'my predictions were right after all.. madrid and shitty lost.'
b"my princess! still can not believe she's two!"
b'my prison without bars : the journey of a damaged woman to someplace normal'
b'my range rover ran out of gas and now i have to drive the rolls royce please pray for me'
b'my reaction to this girl telling me her favorite actor.'
b'my " avoid falling in love with a jerk "'
b'my report cards are love letters to my parents'
b'my room is a fridge and my teapot is full of tepid tea. this essay all-nighter is going well.'
b'my room is freeeeeeeeeeeeezing'
b"my roommate had to shower me yesterday so yeah that's how my birthday went bottle with popping cork"
b'my roommate left i do not know where with his girlfriend and forgot to pay the light now i have no light and can not charge my phone \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'my sad story ends up with me in my pajamas without a boyfriend to see how gorgeous i look or do anything to me.'
b"my santee's goodies should be coming tomorrow, so i can start wrapping, good the books are on their way as well smile"
b'my sc followers so funny man lol especially new new.'
b'my school : get a nicer pe uniform i do not wanna be dripping in sweat before i even go into the hall/gym cause the uniform is heavy af'
b'my sc story is full of children face with tears of joy'
b'i love you too smiling face with sunglasses welcome smiling face with sunglasses cactus waiting for you.'
b'my sheets and comforter are freshly washed and smell like hotel bedding. im v content.'
b'& my shitty day begins'
b'my shower head is broken so now im desperately duct-taping it so i can clean myself'
b'my siblings are fat asses man i swear they can eat the whole entire fridge full of groceries in less than a day'
b'my sister calls groot " the stick " and for some reason finds him hilarious'
b'my sister describing my nephew that i\'ll be meeting in dec : " he is serious at first but is cuddly & hilarious " -sounds just like me \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my sister did a book report about a book she did not read and her summary was hilarious'
b"my sister hates naley more than any other couple and i think it's hilarious"
b'my sister in-law is hilarious, i knew she was going to hmu with that face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my sister is actually hilarious!'
b'my sister is already complaining about going to a basketball game tomorrow night.. i will have to take in miniatures for her'
b'my sister is hilarious face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my sister is in labor, i am so excited to meet her baby \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'my sister is so fucking hilarious'
b'my sister is such a blessing. i love and appreciate her more than i could even express. thank you for being amazing'
b"my sister is watching me tinder and she thinks it's fascinating/hilarious being married must suck rn"
b'my sisters either dying or laughing but i am in the shower so \xc2\xaf\\_ (\xe3\x83\x84 )_/\xc2\xaf'
b'my sisters hair was red when she was born and it\'s becoming blond. " " my hair is going from blond to brown. "'
b"my sister's ultimate bias is hoseok and she gets so emotional bc of him everyday it's hilarious but i get that way too coz of pcy sigh"
b"my sister thinks i am hilarious and that's all that matters"
b"my sister thinks she knows everything about cars it's hilarious"
b"my sister thinks she's going to get drunk by drinking a glass of wine lol"
b'my sleeping pattern is so fucked i swear last night i was all tucked up in bed early tonight however.. i can not sleep at all!'
b'my snapchat messed up but look how cool this looks'
b'my snapchat story is normally amusing i apologize for the lack of interesting snaps tonight'
b'my specialties include laying in the dark and crying for an uncomfortable amount of time'
b'my step dads mom sent me this so you know its real ok'
b"my stomach killing me \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\x95 that's one thing, now my back hurt cause i had carry all that stuff home by myself confused face unamused face and i have to work today unamused face pouting face"
b'my study habits have not changed one bit... still get distracted easily'
b'my success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day. " - johnny carson'
b'my sweet bella better be outside by tomorrow imma go to all of my neighbors houses i swear. loudly crying face'
b'my taste buds must be dead its so nice and easy white smiling face "'
b'my teacher has gave me two maths mock revision booklets i hate everything'
b"my teacher told me i wasnt go b shit cuz smoke 2 much weed crazy cuz i passed her class wit a b she just didnt like me cuz i hang n the st's"
b'my teacher was yelling out test grades for physics with 90 + & he called my name with an 86 i am like wtf face with tears of joy everyone else failed. i was like'
b'my thanksgiving break should be great!'
b"gas to drive to grandma's house"
b'my therapist told me to quit drinking coffee and beer. then we laughed and laughed'
b'my thighs are massive. i can not wait to get them under control so i can wear all the little dresses/skirts i want'
b"my thighs are pretty big but it's gucci because dogs have more room to sleep on my lap that way"
b"my thoughts and prayers are for people of paris can not even imagine what's taking place over there right now"
b'my thoughts and prayers for the victims of horrible and undefendable!'
b'my tv is still showing scenes of these dumb girl with the dumb name and i do not understand why'
b"my twitter isn't cool."
b'my two year old nephew just dropped his bottle and said " oh fuck " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i need to watch what i say'
b'my ultimate goal in life is to have a doctorate degree my parents are gonna be so proud omg i wanna follow them in the medical field'
b'my uncle just became a citizen today i had no idea he was illegal okay'
b'lmao i do not have school anymore i am on a holiday. you still have school?'
b'my very handsome son and beautiful daughter in law!'
b'my video team taking selfies? found this on my phone?'
b"quite an impressive cover photo you've got there"
b'my waterbed is feeling so good right now sleeping face'
b'my week on twitter :12 people follo-who the fuck cares, were all going to die anyway.'
b'my week on twitter :1 new followers. via'
b'my week on twitter :1 new listings, 7 new followers, 1 mentions. via :'
b'my week on twitter :285 new followers. via'
b'my week on twitter 6 new followers, via'
b'my week on twitter :8 new followers, 1 mentions. via :'
b'my week on twitter :8 retweets, 5 new followers, 1 cattle trading pun lay-up for you on a friday no doubt'
b'my week on twitter in numbers : tweeted about mahr once. find out how you did at'
b'my week on twitter : lost 603 followers, gained 27 new followers. 2 joined cult religions, 1 lost in sea of own self hate'
b'my week on twitter so far. i may spend tomorrow evening away from twitter, getting thoroughly drunk.'
b'my week on twitter : unfollowed ; procrastinated among strangers ; adele looks like she has a lock on the great british baking show, but nsync'
b"my week on twitter : wait - i forgot that none of you care the least, so i'll just stop and keep my made up numbers to my self."
b'my white wife just whispered " old rich white couple " in public... is this'
b'my wife and i are just the worst when i am drinking grinning face with smiling eyes lol'
b'my wife challenged me, 20 times before year end. and we are down to 18. i do like a good challenge.'
b'this game is a win/win situation in your direction, must be nice lol'
b'my work ethic in the gym for the past 10 weeks is definitely carrying over into my school work, energy level, and call of duty. feeling'
b'my work ethic is out of this world. you will have to go to mars to get on my level.'
b"my work ethic tonight is on a different level.. it'll wait till tomorrow"
b'my work schedule is crazy, tm is my last day off then work the whole week weary face weary face'
b'myy ma is beautiful btw even tho we never get alone'
b"i can not wait to see at the french convention next year! do you know if emily is coming? it'd be great if i can meet you 2!"
b'yeah i know it. quite an impressive structure'
b'exactly. the guy looks at twitter, gets a feel for whats going on, and then spins headlines anti-west direction'
b'nah i am here to stay, sorry i am immortal'
b'this was such an amazing day loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"ohhh i thought it's because we knew each other from swimming and all ha you too gurl, have a nice day face throwing a kiss"
b'nahhh house music has to interrupt the schedule oii smile b )'
b"nah i do not talk to michelle, that bitch just crazy.. what's good with you though?"
b'nah ik ga slapen i feel like dying'
b'nah its still hot down here'
b'nah just shows how much they disrespect carolina'
b'nail salon is always packed'
b'namjoon is having a fun time'
b'you do not have work or school meh?'
b'i loved the first episode of to infinity, and im super excited for more to come!'
b'nanti malam ngafalin conversation yeahe'
b'naomi dates older men so she calls them daddy " " correction, papi " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ha very casual and subtle'
b'nap time is over, time to ftw?'
b"crete, its soo beautiful there! and if you come to norway you'll be shocked by how cold it is lmao"
b'scientists shocked by what they found on surface - via'
b'can you call me today if not maybe tomorrow? i understand if you dont considering there are so many people.'
b'even tho its 00:55 here and i have to be up at 6am for school i am gonna stay awake and try and get a follow from you'
b'follow me please nash i love you, brazil loves you'
b'good morning my life for a reason and now i realized how important you are to me.'
b'how do you feel to know that helped thousands of people every day with your work? brazil loves you heavy black heart'
b'i feel i can not go a day without saying " love you " for you, it is inevitable, even if you do not see'
b'i really love your series! do you think you will make another one?'
b"that's attractive face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss"
b'tired to try your follow, when it is going to happen?'
b"you do not know how much you mean to me and how much i love you! thank you for show me the best! you're amazing, eu te amo www"
b'you make my day happy everytime i see something of you. a pic or a video. it does not matter what, it makes me smile. love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'reading them back is always interesting. more amusing than anything.'
b'you are you killed your track, the remix is crazy, super proud of you. great job keep it up'
b'it was great though'
b'are ya now... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so are you saying that polls may have been skewed or there is a electoral shift?'
b'nathan let me braid his hair today then i gave him a hair cut and he really liked it'
b'nathan on my tv - love seeing this advert'
b'nat is feeling really sick and i am really worried disappointed face'
b': i am so happy'
b'nature calls and you wake up at 5, remembering this weekend is just for yourself, falling back to sleep and waking up as'
b'they said to get a credit card, and pay it off every month. i applied for the lowest credit limit one. i have a natwest acc.'
b'naughtynoonoo1 thanks for following me on twitter!'
b'cause shes my bestfriend and shes fuken annoyed you desperate fucker'
b"naw my apt has the essence of 1000's of marijuana leaves just trapped in it like thirteen ghosts"
b"makes us feel like we're in a fairy tale. what a romantic song, no?"
b'if you read me please reply'
b'i watched this video on youtube face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i laughed so hard lol'
b'why in the world would you bring back bo just to kill him off? it was hard enough on his fans the first time to say goodbye!'
b'hank finally finding out the truth'
b'and how would he have taken it. maybe put it suit cases and bring it home. such an idiot'
b'the popular vote must be getting close now... 1 state left?'
b'hidden emails of hillary are holding secrets. reveal donors. do not ignore the judge and keep till after election'
b'i never thought so before, but obama is just as treasonous as the clintons and bushes. they should all hang together.'
b"national service.. 3 mo? it isn't worth for the gov to do this for even 2 years. 3 years will only get them trained to do a job"
b'they also murder children. totally heard that from someone who knew a guy who lived across the state from a trump hotel'
b'cuz their both quacks, i did not even have to read it!'
b'i am so excited! jordan smith is from the state where i was born n emily ann is from the state i now live in! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah i guess but i have a amd cpu right now and it does well but i want 8 cores not 4:p'
b"you're such a good friend that i have not seen you since the end of summer white frowning face"
b'he was great though'
b"in india they'd hav been arrested housed in prison free food medical care & foren backd indians fighting 4 thier human rights on ndtv"
b'nearly 60 % of people claim their driving behavior changes due to rising gas prices, with 90 % saying they drive'
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and ministry and business.'
b'hi. i need to pay for some goods on my credit card that is above credit limit. can i dep the add funds and pay with cc'
b'the uk & eu as a whole are doing great things with sustainability. you raised great awareness with your ride back home. 1 day here?'
b'need 2 get my hair retwisted.. just can not seem 2 sit still long enough'
b'need a dose of inspiration? visit'
b'need a goal in this qpr game to continue my winning streak'
b'needed to hear and see what said today on thank you so much for that spiritual nourishment.'
b'need help investing? these tips can help! -'
b"need money asap to pay credit card and phone bills. if you're feeling generous, use this :"
b'need money for justin bieber \xf0\x9f\x86\x98\xf0\x9f\x86\x98\xf0\x9f\x86\x98\xf0\x9f\x86\x98'
b'need more free twitter followers? visit i just got followed 1'
b'need someone to braid my hair asap'
b'need something to do today unamused face'
b'need something to numb my brain, to get me away from this pain'
b'need to charge my phone battery'
b'need to do something fun tonight'
b'need to make a decision?'
b'need to number one hold as investing good graces vinyl gravity dam dadaism so my digs?: vlqnpujyl'
b'need to release some frustration. to the gym!'
b'need to repaint my nails but also do my home work'
b'need to sleep. i have 7am class later. urgh! i hate sturday classes! crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face night.'
b'need to watch what i say sometimes. others might interpret differently from what i intended to say.'
b"awesome bae! i've went zip-lining before and it's the best thing ever!"
b'like her responses i literally could not handle'
b'13 games in just sad lol lets talk around game 30 -50'
b'negative expression is useless to all but especially for you as it only makes things worse -jesuschristempowerschangesask'
b'negative things usually do not affect me but idk i overthink things and it kinda makes things worse but im better now :-)))'
b'neighbors boarded up and left'
b'neighbours come round2say they are away for2weeks! i reply " do you want me to put bins out?oh no you leave them out all week anyway! "'
b'neil armstrong service planned for friday : sen. rob portman will eulogize the first man on the moon in a private'
b"i think if they had done the action right, instead of just being 'hey look at these cool traps! ' it wouldve been more palatable"
b'nengkeneneh rt : where is the love?'
b'actively going after drivers is negative. many out of work could have benefited. way worse criminals to catch. sad cabs'
b'" should we sleep? "'
b'i appreciate that. i have seen all of the ghibli films, including the two that never made it to the us so i am very curious,'
b'i appreciate art'
b'nervous as hell for no good reason.'
b'i hate that i agree w the republicans on this one. but a vetting process & intense screening makes sense under the circumstances'
b'always dim ur lights when you are facing the south side of of the hills.'
b'never a bad time for a good roast sesh w/'
b'never assume never judge and ion never hate'
b'never been so proud to call myself a husky. thank you to all my friends and family that came and showed me their support. performing arts'
b'never been so scared for people before in my life. prayers for the people affected by the apartment fires! blue heart'
b'never been so tired in all my life sad and the rain just got heavier as i left, great!'
b'never care abt someone who is careless abt u!'
b'never do i wear sweat pants to school but today is an exception sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'never do these niggas have no shame. face with tears of joy'
b'never doubted it for a second'
b'never doubted my self about my money and talent'
b'never doubted that glen was alive! finally got some answers'
b"never expect. never assume. never ask. and never demand. just let it be. if it's meant to be, it will happen."
b"never fear ur own vulnerability! we're all human.. we just need to start owning up to that infront of each other! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f no shame!"
b'never grow up " by tswift makes me want to cry every time, like i miss my childhood days. no worries, no heartbreaks, just happiness \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9f\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b'never have classes on fridays. what a blessing'
b'never have i ever felt so scared to sleep bc something might happen to this shady band one direction'
b'never have i ever made fun of another celebrity just because they dissed 1d one direction'
b"never in my life been so ready to get in the jail shower weary face weary face face with tears of joy ain't give no fucks about the next man pensive face"
b'never in my life did i think i would go through so much fucked up shit in a relationship. i definitely learned my lesson now.'
b'never is too late to try'
b'never knew i could be so hyped for a game i am not even playing in \xf0\x9f\x8f\x90\xf0\x9f\x8f\x90'
b'never knew that vietnamese and filipinos love handicrafts so much? based on the demographics it seems that way, so interesting hehe'
b'never laughed harder in the past two days with my friends and family loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'never laughed so long'
b'never laughed so much about cress in my life face with tears of joy weary face'
b'never laughed so much at an interview oh my best thing ever'
b'never laughed so much at a tv show was hilarious face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'never laughed so much because of'
b'never laughed so much in a night \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'never laughed so much. is too funny. his scottish accent face with tears of joy'
b'never laughed so much such a quality night \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x98\xb8'
b'never let a pretty face fool you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f every girl comes with her own demons smiling face with horns'
b'never loved someone as much as i love right now'
b'nevermind i swear i am done face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'never prayed to god, but never too late to try him shots fired, allen iverson in the league'
b'never stop making our parents proud, they deserve it.'
b'never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.'
b'never stress over someone that could careless about you'
b"never talk sports with another man. swear to god it's like fighting over a woman. smh unamused face"
b'never thought gas would be less than a gallon while i could legally drive. wait i still do not legally drive but yall know what i mean'
b"never thought i'd be so excited to meet a rat smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"never thought i'd see the day where i am this excited to hit q (rg clubs shit all over norwich clubs ) and get to be reunited with squad good"
b'never thought i would say this, but really made my day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'never thought and would be late'
b'never trust a smiling dog.'
b"never underestimate nerds, bc you'll never know what might happen"
b'never wanted a monday to come faster'
b'never will i drive again with my car on low gas... i waited by a bridge in pitch black darkness waiting for someone to drive by.'
b"new : how an became \xe2\x80\x98the bill gates of ghana ' -"
b'new! a low row cable machine and second lat pull added. more to come. getting better and better for you'
b'new artwork for sale! - " successful hunt " -'
b'new avi is swag'
b'new center for climate & life brings scientists together w biz & finance for climate action'
b"new credit card with a 700 credit limit :'))) what a great black friday it is going to be"
b'new dress and boots. looking forward to some dress up time this weekend'
b'new ebola case confirmed in liberia, which was declared ebola -free on may 9 & again sept. 3'
b'new edits from my 5 years working with liz la point. check out my new book " i love liz la point - 5'
b'new found friends. grinning face'
b'new game : yummy juicy fruit pick - the heavens are showering juicy fruits and try grabbing as much as you can i'
b"new : glenn's fate revealed on 'walking dead ' for more"
b'new clip by graady1 on'
b'new hair. different picture than on facebook.'
b'new info : investigators say rescued teen intentionally set house fire in multiple rooms'
b'new i shud of done a draws. bet tonight, fuck you chelsea, new i shudnt of backed u, and poor city face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'new jersey shopping plaza shootout leaves three dead - yahoo! via'
b'new moving to scotland to work on'
b'new music : " army of me " by 39:'
b'new post : " contrarian plays : week 11 "'
b'new post : [request ] 3d touch a notification (in nc ) to peak via/r/jailbreak'
b'new post : " swanley pensioner goes round a roundabout on his mobility scooter in video "'
b'new post : " the good, the bad, and the ugly truth : week 10 "'
b'new rings collection'
b'news flash : bill belichic just as angry in a suite while being bored by super hot girlfriend. apparently enjoying a beer.'
b"wnd paris -attack scout ' arrested with 2 others in turkey"
b'new song, show me some love and leave me some feedback! myster blackmore - dream or die'
b'new song tonight with'
b'news : physics question that shocked everyone'
b'the high school physics question that shocked everyone.'
b'new story today for all my followers funny true story of me loosing my virginity follow with'
b"tv star's plastic surgery nightmare"
b'the question is are these set on fire for redevelopment intentionally else how could the casualty be low'
b'donald caused all republicans to live 20 years longer and democrats 20 years shorter.'
b'gingrich is a paedophile. he is also a serial bigamist. when you going to kill the current wife? if you lucky she die of cancer.'
b"many of us quit watching long time ago.. she's just like rosie o'donnell, michael moore all mouth no brains. trash"
b'thank you mr speaker for all you do for our nation'
b"obama, lynch, hrc there all are worried sick what's on the computer. they got caught because of a sex offender, what justice!"
b"way to go newt!! thank you for having the guts to call out mk. we've been waiting for this!you exposed her for who she is."
b'what else do you expect from a fat pig who has affairs on all 3 wives, and leaves 2nd wife as she battles cancer? fat bastard!'
b'wow. thank you for saying what many of us do not have the opportunity to say. you are speaking for the people!'
b'new to the ecas research office? join us at noon next thurs. in 211 wdb to learn " who we are and what we offer! "'
b'new track get it by bankroll fresh at'
b'new venture... runner grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'new website launches soon! please follow & rt to a gorgeous locket! xzdm'
b'can not wait to have a first lady with a vagina back in the white house!'
b'new york is so wonderful, especially during this time of the year \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i am so wide-eyed, excited and happy here'
b"new york times - the affair : \xe2\x80\x98the affair ' season 2, episode 8: this guy's hopeless"
b'next challenge : how to eat this thing! william hallet'
b'next one gone be that banger \xf3\xbe\x8d\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x87'
b"next summer i will have that bang 'n bod for a crop top! this is the third summer i've said this... but i am serious this time!"
b'next summer no shirt mad tattoos!'
b'next week should be great tbh'
b'next year he became second now he is standing 12st this is not so good lets vote justin bieber'
b'backup qb lewis looking forward to dressing - philadelphia eagles quarterback thad lewis walks onto the fi'
b'ha! awesome! best part is the end when he calls himself " soft "'
b'ngl i love school camp i wouldnt mind being a teacher and going on camps when im a grown up'
b"you'll see, it has nothing to do with you this time tho."
b'nh always keeps it classy'
b'for me these " gods " that are worshipped are the reason for the mess the world is in! its all bollox! (imo ofcourse )'
b'they got me this morning. great start to my day'
b"he raises the level of play with his work ethic when he's in the dressing room."
b"bruins piss poor play is stealing my love for hockey not even looking forward to watching tonight's game"
b'3) all the best, looking forward to more hockey history'
b'some good advice, a lot i followed and now 6 months smoke free smiling face with open mouth'
b'what does she do other than do shit adverts aimed at people who wrinkle'
b'swear mfs already doubting us sleeping face gtfo with that shit'
b'oh you are missing this episode? than it should be great'
b'niall commented on luke\'s instagram post " great time for mikeys birthday.. good t see dude, missed ya "'
b'niall fucking killed his solo and me i cried real tears. he makes me so happy.'
b'niall has a suit what a day'
b'niall is extremely pretty and i am extremely in love with him'
b'niall looks so smol compare to them huge guys what the heck its only been a year since they went on tour together'
b'congrats niaaaaaaaall. im so so so so proud of you guys. i love all the songs especially temporary fix (hehe )'
b'fuck me so hard that it creates an electrical charge that flows into your phone & follows me from your account'
b'good morning! hope you have a great day! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good morning niall your day is starting great so far congratulations'
b'goodnight i have to finish homework and study for a big french test tomorrow sad i love you sooo much milky way'
b'hi king, crown i hope you have a great day is amazing mind following me? it would mean the world dizzy symbol x53, 791'
b'\xf0\x9f\xa6\x84\xf0\x9f\xa6\x84 \xc2\xa8\xcc\xae hi niall, how are you? \xe2\x9e\xb3\xe2\x9c\xa9\xe2\xa1\xb1 would you please follow me \xe2\x99\xa1 you mean the world to me \xe2\xa0\x80\xe2\xa0\x80\xe2\xa0\x80 \xe2\x9c\xa7 i love you so much \xe2\x9c\xa7 \xf0\x9f\xa6\x84\xf0\x9f\xa6\x84 \xe1\x83\xa6577'
b'just listening to your playlist on spotify before i go to sleep... i love it! beating heart'
b'you deserve it so much i am so happy for you lads this is so great'
b"is amazing! i hope you're having a great day, i love you a lot follow me? \xe2\x80\x94 13, 197"
b'\xe2\x99\xa1 \xe2\x99\xa1 made in the a. am is just perfect! thanks for this beautiful album i am proud of you \xe2\x9c\xa7mind following me?all the love \xe2\x98\xbcx25. 191'
b"oh, and if you walk away i know i'll fade \xe2\x80\x98cause there is nobody else. it's gotta be youuuuu"
b"the interview... i've never laughed so much face with tears of joy thanks to have improved my day smiling face with smiling eyes heavy black heart"
b'are you really have a facebook account name james horan?'
b"smile babe. ignore them. they're not worthy of making you upset"
b"wait ive just realized you're going brunette again bless you nayal"
b'we are so proud of you boys niall! this is the best album so far, you deserved it! one direction'
b'you are the number one of my heart my angel niall. i wish i could hug you, kiss you, make you smile, laugh. love ya.. \xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x92\x95\xf0\x9f\x91\xb8 \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x92\x8b\xf0\x9f\x8d\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xe2\x9c\x8c'
b"your laugh your smile your eyes, omg you're perfect you're the man of my life i love you more than anything"
b'your so bad for saying hell, it does not make you look likea fag either'
b'niall singing a bit of " all about you " by mcfly smiling face with halo it\'s honestly so beautiful'
b"niall's laugh is so contagious"
b"nialls out here killin every one of his solos while y'all sleep on him"
b'hope you have an amazing day beautiful. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f sparkles'
b'nice 2 see thought you were coming today? going to miss you guys! thanks for everything'
b'nice! and i agree! but i am really working hard on making austin home permanently'
b"nice and refreshing being a fan of a group that does not disappointment me. and having a favorite that isn't a constant disappointment either"
b'nice blast of lovely fresh yorkshire air upon getting off the bus \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f great to be back in leeds!'
b'nice boys with long hair, i am single i promise i do not need much date me'
b'nice! cant wait for the new album to drop!'
b'nice day for swimming!'
b'nice guys finish last... because they make sure their women come first smile'
b'nice i cant wait to watch'
b'nice im dead i cant wait to go back to work while thinking about hyuken'
b'nice one! well in cant wait till you sign for a good team, so i can fully support you! smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'nice thing on a friday night. lucky escape. stay safe!'
b'nice to be back here again supporting with'
b'nice to be back home for the weekend'
b'nice to be back home in la. what i learned on the flight : life is not a dream.'
b'nice to be back in civilization even if it is knoxville.'
b'nice to be back in the land that 3g forgot.'
b'nice to be back in the united states'
b'nice to be back'
b'nice to know other people no all bout ur private life more than you do urself... people cant wait to stick the knife in... anyone else wont!'
b'nice to know someone you care about could careless about you... just over it.'
b'nice to see the rumour that u2 will be back in paris in early december.'
b"nice to see you my friend \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with sunglasses hope you'll be back at the pitch soon"
b'very funny, heard from a reliable source you could not handle your ale yesterday'
b'cant believe you saw my tweet nick! thank you soooo much 4 always being so nice to your fans! face throwing a kiss cant wait 2 c you in toronto!'
b'dumbrectioners. only in uk does not mean worldwide learn geography before making up bullshits'
b'nick grady wearin an avenge sevfold t-shirt to school for 2 weeks in a row with sweat pants'
b'thanks so much! sorry for pestering i just wanted to make sure i had the right email address'
b'buy me an iphone 7 sis. thanks in advance, love you face throwing a kiss'
b'i love her as much, baby i only gave her a little something for her performances and stuff and shoots and stuff.'
b'hey waving hand sign follow me please! you know you love me smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat hehehe'
b'i had to use food stamps while unemployed during 2014. happy it was available and no shame is saying i was on it.'
b"newlands always good support but an england test you've got to get tickets even faster. bought mine july 1st. should be great!"
b"yeah... i think i'd rather the tv itself stay dumb, and i'll just hook up whatever input devices i want."
b'thank you. nice to be back'
b'text me stooge i need something'
b'im mad why isnt it working'
b'wtf is wrong with you'
b"yeah we have a thanksgiving to go to saturday and i'll have to finish my homework sunday worry"
b'thankyouuuuuuu hehe face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes i love youuuuu'
b'glad you all had fun! what a bunch of cuties!'
b'let cigarette cravings be ancient history for you coz smoke free keeps it clean'
b'nic if you love disney, you can maybe try this hehe'
b'this country as always been same. try to bring down born winners like kp, faldo, mansell.. yet adore average like bruno henman'
b'nigerdeltaent : there is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.'
b'nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world \xe2\x80\x93 report'
b'nigeria now third most terrorized country in the world \xe2\x80\x93 report : the report says out of 20 most fatal terroris'
b'nigga funny you talk bout a thief boy get you some money'
b"nigga it was so cold last night i ain't have no cover and i wasn't gettin no love unamused face weary face face with tears of joy"
b"nigga lied if he say idgt, after 3 pumps it's cigarette break time lil babyyyy \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb4\xf3\xbe\x8c\xb4\xf3\xbe\x8c\xb4\xf3\xbe\x8c\xae\xf3\xbe\x8c\xae"
b'niggas are killers shit is terrible'
b'nigga say sumn else i dont like so i can buss you in yo shit " - jesus'
b'niggas be cheating on pretty girls with a bitch that look like a fuckin french fry with dreads loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'niggas be thinking you about to chase them unamused face bitch i eat all fuckin day i be full asf i am not about to chase shit open hands sign'
b'niggas cheat on you and be the one hurt.'
b'niggas come up with the lamest excuses lmao just admit your team lost to a shitty team'
b'niggas getting arrested on campus for fighting.. smh'
b'niggas in high school get more sleep in first period than at home'
b'niggas really be busters in the pin but with the bullshits on twitter.. incredible face with tears of joy'
b'niggas really intimidated these days, if you got the girl why you so scared lol'
b'niggas say " let\'s hit a party and get at bitches " but really end up drinking, smoking, and no bitches lol'
b"niggas tend to come to their senses when its too late, do not try to come back when i've happily moved on.. that's dead."
b'niggas who try to impress smuts lame. you not knowing she a smut is an unacceptable answer also. get a scouting report, nigga.'
b"nigga that's a personal problem that has absolutely nothing to do with this job"
b"niggaz be hurt so they start talking bad about a female cause they ain't get no play or she not fucking with em like that"
b'night in infront of the telly? enjoy dabbawal at home - check out our takeaway menu at -'
b'nights like last night were fun i miss the shows bro... i remember when they were a weekendly occurrence'
b'night until the morning we rolling rolling rolling'
b'night well spent. i feel more than just blessed. thank you god for everything. smile'
b'nih min buat fans arsenal smile'
b'her hand that is in her stomach *'
b"niisan's comments about my butt have made me really self conscious."
b"nike air trainer victor cruz 'wheat ' size 10. 5 - 100 % authentic w/ receipt copy"
b"no but i am intrigued. there is only one that is close to me and it's always packed."
b"i'll have my fingers crossed for you :3 you'll be alright 3"
b'lmfao i do not even know how to use it..'
b"i know you do not see it but you were the first person i thought of when i typed that. you're such a good friend. smile"
b'i love you darling.. please accept me. send reply to me'
b'can you please suggest her to me.. i like the way she reply.. lols. face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b': -_- rt work on getting off these nuts " lmao'
b'me praying to pass my driving test on dec 8'
b'did he have a ticket dog'
b'sorry to hear about your brother, my prayers for your family! heavy black heart'
b'nice job guys i cant wait to download it!'
b'nippiness will get you far un life'
b'happy birthday girly have an amazing day love you'
b'happy birthday. i hope you have an amazing day.'
b'lol no i am drinking about it instead'
b'i did not even know they were here! i am working from home so i def coulda gone. sad'
b'nisithanda kabi i skoon good god get me through this, i beg... i hate being sick. "'
b'nissan news : smooth operator : all -new nissan np300... |'
b'nissan versa note get a touch of juke -'
b'i just finished watching it ive never laughed so much'
b'nj nissan shoppers : unguarded ipad 2 included at ship 22 nissan : kahgnp'
b'y you no love me?\xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'noah broked my phone and now im stuck with a stupid android.'
b'fear is the path to the dark side. fear leads to anger. anger leads to hate. hate leads to suffering'
b'same my hair does that when i french braid it face with tears of joy'
b'no alarm set'
b'no alarm set for tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'no alarm set for tomorrow \xf0\x9f\x93\xb5\xf0\x9f\x95\xb0\xe2\x8f\xb1\xe2\x8f\xb2\xe2\x8f\xb3\xf0\x9f\x9a\xab\xf0\x9f\x94\x95'
b'no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel'
b'no *awkward 3 hour hot air balloon ride *'
b'no awkward dancing nt the front rowbitch i hate white devik'
b'no awkward feels'
b'no awkward japanese lyrics, i love it'
b'no awkward social interactions to make new friends smile thank da l a w d'
b'no awkward sofa moment for george osborne and john mcdonnell at the end of this week'
b"umbrella when there's rain in the forecast. parasol when there's no chance of rain."
b'nobody can drag them down! one direction wins artist of the year!'
b"nobody deserves happiness more than my good friend couldn't be more happier for you. you both are stuck with me now. heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b'nobody is born a winner. the winners are the ones who work their hardest when nobody is looking!'
b'nobody is ugly, they are just broke.'
b'nobody knows how happy i was when i got home for break and saw that the fridge was full of more than just hard liquor & day old mac n cheese'
b'nobody wants to follow me sad i should probably get to work on a game. i will go to sleep and wake up in the morning with lots of ideas!'
b'no but a school bus full of children almost did'
b'no but people do not fristana that i love you black heart suit lol you are my nigga! jokin even.'
b'no classes every fridays got me like :'
b'no classes for a week'
b'no classes on friday is the best i will refuse to ever take a class that meets on fridays'
b'no classes on fridays again next quarter tu shewt thru hmu for the addy'
b'no classes on fridays be so clutch.'
b'no classes on fridays got me like'
b'no classes on fridays is truly the bless'
b'no classes on fridays next semester loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'no classes tomorrow! good'
b'no clue how to start investing? you need to read this! -'
b'no correction. we not in no row. we in orchestra pit we most important face with tears of joy'
b"yes. ignorance is bliss. open carry is frightening. how do i know that person isn't about to start shooting? i don't."
b"it's too bad, like you say, when they want nothing to do with an accidental text"
b'noemis dad took my drink away when he found out i was driving and then laughed and gave it back face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'no establishing medicare and medicade which we all know the republicans are so fond of.'
b'no fear in your twitter game. i respect that. lol'
b'no fighting for and i anymore unamused face the mf got arrested. face with tears of joy'
b'no good reason l/s shirt & snapback - who needs a reason when you got weed?'
b'no he isnt you stupid bitch'
b"no hoodie bc it's too hot down here"
b'no i actually meant " yeah " dip shit'
b'no i did not mean that in a bad way lol i am just really sarcastic i am sorry.'
b'no i do not care if i sing off key i find myself in my melodies i sing for love i sing for me i shout out like a bird set free... sia'
b'no i hate you do not talk to me'
b"no it's not, people dealing with people smugglers often drown, not good idea to put kids on leaky boat, sorry"
b'no justice. no peace. fuck the police'
b"no keys with my hire car as access is via my phone :-o let's hope i do not forgot to charge my battery!"
b"i just checked and it's playing right now locally. i think i'll check it out. you"
b'you are a true fan for sticking around until the game tomorrow night!'
b'no lie 2015 did everybody dirty man shit was fucked up this year'
b'no lie i was just mad and got me back into a happy mood weary face'
b'no love for a liar/ so do not call my name'
b'no love for these niggas my heart so cold!'
b'what up boo?'
b'no love just fuck me'
b'no love to share. no care to show.'
b'no love what so ever man.. people out here so cold hearted'
b'no make-up so you know its real!'
b'no matter how hard it feels today, you can be smoke-free tomorrow. let us show you how'
b'no matter how much our musical tastes change we all have a lil room in our hearts for coldplay'
b'no matter how much you prepare, you will always be shocked at how cold the toilet seat is in the winter'
b'no matter what, this song will always put me in a happy mood'
b"no matter what time of day it is jfk is always packed it's a good thing i plan ahead for these things"
b'no mom. i do not want to do your errands -_-'
b'no money november is going a little too well'
b'no more dwelling on my fears.'
b'no more foolin around. time to get serious'
b'no more saturday classes! good'
b'no more than men who shoot up a school full of children! there not human as well!'
b'what we were discussing just now does not scare me, what scares me is the discussion now'
b'none shall have the power of intercession, but such a one as has received permission (or promise ) 19:87'
b'none.. still got 2 years to wait'
b'this business dude and i made eye contact and yelled out at him " asshole " o my god, have to love town hall'
b'no one can hurt you, without access to your heart. deny the access and stop the hurt.'
b'no one can ruin my mood from now till april lol not gonna happy, i get too see my baby daddy in 158 days \xf0\x9f\x98\xabyes i am counting down'
b'no one can see the hurt behind beauty'
b'no one gets breaks tonight. except for dakota, she gets a cigarette break " i love heather'
b"no one's in my homeroom fml."
b"no one's there for you like they say they are."
b'no one understands how nervous and excited i was to meet darth vader face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"that's quite an impressive sky you've got down in rainham this morning. ^cs"
b'great, now i want ice cream. at least i have this lovely bottle of wine.'
b'no parents and a fridge full of... nothing. expressionless face'
b'nope. does not pass smell test. running ahead of projections after first 6 months.'
b'nope he stayin home with me all day'
b'no piece in the street must release my frustration'
b'no place i love more than my bed'
b'no relationship november is going pretty well'
b'no respect, i swear'
b'no ride to school today, goooooodthing'
b"normally, you're determined to stick to your agenda, but someo... more for aquarius"
b'oh, lol. i was thinking it was some sort of drinking game.'
b'north augusta is so boring without'
b'north carolina polling site changes hurt blacks'
b'no school? need to get ur kids out of the house? or if you yourself want to come sweat. 2 church today.'
b'no school tomorrow! good'
b'the meme is " angry girlfriend, " not " crazy girlfriend "'
b'no shame at all... see full more pictures here =='
b'no shame in my drinking game lol smiling face with sunglasses'
b"no she's not, she's my cat lol"
b"no sorry i'll do better, no it's too hot down here, yes but starting 3am, yes but it'll be brunch (in ~15 mins ). still home love you"
b'no stream tonight. still not feeling good. sorry everyone.'
b'not about that 7am alarm on a saturday loudly crying face but i am really looking forward to filming blind football for my dissertation tomorrow! \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'before i watched that show, i was really intimidated by him as a character. and now i am like come precious puppy let me cuddle you'
b'not a fan of ikon but maynnnn yu shud listen to their new song, apology'
b"not a fan of this my week on twitter shit. it's like saying how many friends you have or how popular you are at work. craven"
b'not a great start for johnny manziel. he fumbles on the browns first play of the day, and the steelers recover.'
b'not a huge fan of long bus rides'
b'not all gods get worshipped. not too many are found of hades. " he paused. " demons tend to be strong. " he scratched \xe2\x80\x94 [ ]'
b'not allowing social networks to validate.'
b'not all the time insult and slander, sometimes constructive criticism that will help somebody'
b'not arsenal, not manchester city and certainly not chelsea. leice'
b'not as creepy as this... \xe2\x99\xa1 follow me day 119 & 120: via'
b'not a spare seat in the house tonight! we had a fantastic night & hope you did too \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'not a spoiler for me, i never doubted him for a second, sorry to others that are behind, tears of joy. glenn bad ass.'
b'not being able to sleep is shit.'
b'not caring is the best thing you could ever do'
b'not coming out my room starting tomorrow'
b'not cool weird but creepy weird lmao.'
b'not doing anything all day is shitty as fuck'
b'not enjoying being single as much now tbh'
b'note to self : stop trying so hard for people who do not care.'
b'not even at school yet but i am so ready to get home'
b'not even gonna do a hanging indent on my work cited page smile'
b'not even gonna lie. edward is creepy af in the first movie'
b'not even out of bed and already thinking about how big of a nap i am going to have when i get home sleeping face sleeping face'
b'not even sure how or why that previous tweet popped into my head but i felt compelled to share it with you. creepy, i know'
b'not every black man is a nigga or a nigro there are kaffirs 2 thats us alikho i nigga lakwa mkhize i kaffir lelo'
b'not feeling good this morning face with medical mask'
b'going to math today smile'
b'not gone do 2much, but happy 20th birthday to the love of my life. my lovebug. enjoy i love you. man and woman holding hands'
b"not had chance to upload my first post as i've got a horrible cold! here's a sneak peak"
b'happy at all! pensive face'
b"no that's not fucking creepy."
b'not having to set your alarm'
b"no, the grass isn't greener on the other side, the grass is only green where you water it"
b'nothin better than fgl on these long bus rides'
b'nothing beats laying in bed on a shitty day with lattes while watching pll \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'nothing beats the smell of a freshly cut christmas tree christmas tree'
b'nothing beats the smell of freshly brewed coffee \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"nothing better than being curled up on the couch watching christmas movies because it's the most wonderful time of the year."
b'nothing better than the smell of freshly dyed hair \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"nothing brings a family together like a good ol ' roast."
b'nothing brings a family together like a random text from gramma to her entire contact list that makes no sense to anyone.'
b'nothing brings our family together quicker than home cooked food. my seattle family arrives tomorrow and lasagna'
b'nothing brings you and ya girl together like a pregnancy scare'
b'nothing compares to a beautiful conversation with a beautiful mind. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'nothing could ruin my mood at this point im so happy im so glad i bought all of those copies and streamed it non stop i regret nothing'
b'nothing for me to do -_-'
b'nothing for me to do but have one last cry headphone'
b'nothing i hate more than a pub full of children. i do not want. to sit. with your children.'
b'nothing in your social life in high school will ever matter in college so take lots of naps & do not care if you look cool'
b'nothing is more beautiful than when the whole stadium is singing cielito lindo'
b'nothing is worse than negative people... so ugly.'
b'nothing is wrong or right in this world.. everything is relative'
b'nothing is wrong with you, he is just a cheater. and he will never stop being a cheater'
b'nothing left to do but put it in a sweet'
b'nothing like a little biochem in the morning'
b'nothing like a nice early morning coffee in hollywood! love it here!'
b'nothing like color jet plumes'
b'nothing like having your own.'
b'nothing like the rain, nothing like the rain 5 seconds of summer 21'
b'nothing like the smell of freshly cleaned sheets'
b'nothing like waking up, putting on your newest record and falling back asleep'
b'nothing more frustrating than when the aux stops working for no good reason'
b'nothing pisses me off more then fake people. if you do not like someone, do not act like you do'
b"nothing pisses me off more then when people have nothing better to do then criticize people's choices"
b'nothing to do sleeping face'
b'nothing to do and i am not sleepy'
b"nothing to do a saturday night what's new?"
b"nothing worse than a negative nancy trying to ruin other people's happiness"
b'nothing worse than negative energyy'
b"nothing worse than negative ppl expressionless face - that's right"
b'nothing worse than surrounding yourself with someone who is negative all the time.'
b'not in a very happy mood anymore.'
b'not just a coincidence'
b'not knowing how to fight do not make a nigga scary'
b'not knowing is the worst feeling ever'
b'-- not knowing what vibe we wanted to give off and scrapping entire songs after days of work because they did not feel right. we are both ---'
b'not knowing when people are using'
b'not little girls in particular, it sounds creepy when you say it that way.'
b'not looking forward to changing my own dressing tomorrow face with head bandage'
b'not looking forward to donning a sparkly blue dress for my punters on saturday!'
b'not looking forward to presenting at pre -professional day tomorrow, but i get to dress up tomorrow, so i guess that makes it a little better'
b'not looking forward to wearing a dress later. freezinell'
b'i was wearing pants but like i was freaking out that they did not feel right & just hulked them i was just trying to'
b"not much it's a little hot down here"
b"not much was missed. lots of angry guys along the way but that's 'cause i am gay. i have a very beautiful girlfriend though."
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and ministry and business.'
b'not one for fancy dress but looking forward to tonight'
b'fancy him so much, then i am willing to try it! \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 hehehe, i think the way we love this man is adorable! smiling face with open mouth smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x99 xxxx'
b'not pressed for friends, i do not give a fuck about these bitches'
b'no train whining from me today so i give you this rt general weirdness involved in catching a train in australia'
b'not right now, no. but thanks for reaching out.'
b"not saying 1 shouldn't talk about this, rather use this to talk about all those who got seat cos of connections not merits."
b'not seein any prayers for mali.'
b'not seeing or talking to anyone for a week is the best thing ever'
b'not sure if a teddy bear family with a sign saying all are welcome is creepy or not'
b'not sure if i am really sarcastic or if i am actually a peice of shit'
b"not sure what's worse - the pass from tomkins or the piece of goalkeeping from adrian."
b"not sure what's worse - this third quarter or our whiny ass negative fans on twitter."
b"not sure why i get so stressed signing up for classes, worst case is i'll take/ pay for a class i do not need.. no that's still pretty bad neutral face"
b"not sure why they did not just stop making movies after drumline. it's the summit of modern cinema. nick cannon is a"
b"like it's saturday night and i have nothing to do. it sucks"
b'not the usual career path for a cl and pl winner - nice piece on on his marketing dir role at'
b'not this creepy thing again this actually freaks me out what is this'
b'i laughed way more than i shouldve'
b'not to be a creep, but you have a smile that can change someone\'s day! " kinda creepy but sweet \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'not to be creepy, but... " *says something creepy *'
b'to happy right now!!!'
b'not too bad when you have the best neighbors'
b'not too late to get involved, peeps. event should be great - but tix are going super fast!'
b'not to sound creepy but cool to see at the across the way'
b'not used to getting outta work early because i have time to do something but nothing to do'
b'not wearing makeup today and i actually feel okay smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'not yet - can not decide what dress to wear! see you soon - really looking forward to it!'
b'not your 3 minute cigarette break'
b'hell yeah you look huge'
b"oh that's real great to hear finally winking face i'll be soon dealing with pre boards 1...! i hope they're good enough xx"
b"track 23 is - 'wake up ' great to have you on now again boys!"
b'now all these mothers are showing me pictures of their sons for potential life partners. what a day'
b'now decide to check emails and this was waiting hehehe i feel good about my decision n i really love my soc tutor'
b'now do not be hoping on the bandwagon hoes!'
b'now i do not mean to brag... but this... is how you give proper credit. always be generous'
b'now i got a bad headache!'
b'now i am off work i am shocked at the amount of cold callers.. i am gonna start ignoring the door!'
b'now is the best time to buy your ski gear - from the archives'
b'now it makes sense'
b'now normally i hate the weekly words but yo mr. ramsey! this episode was sick'
b"no woman wants to add a disappointment to her count. so you'd rather just go without. lol shit stressful."
b'no wonder i hate myself. i ended up telling him i was sick.'
b'no words can explain how much we love you meng! her simplicity makes her more beautiful!'
b'now playing aerosmith - deuces are wild'
b'playing charles jenkins & fellowship chicago - war'
b'now playing : " doin \' what she likes " by " blake shelton " is on q106. 8 country'
b'now playing : fortress around your heart - sting'
b'now playing heatwave - always and forever'
b'now playing late nights & early mornings mixtape by young lion via'
b'now playing - on ocean radio chilled'
b'now playing - like my steez (feat. fred nice ) 1 listen live'
b'now playing : the dixie cups - chapel of love on'
b'now playing : with all i am i will worship you lord... happy sunday aldubnations'
b'now, putin, let put this to work and bring some long needed peace in the middle east!'
b'now serving in the jersey spirit tasting room - warm jersey apple hooch. a great cure for the cool weather!'
b'now serving up great coffee from come get you some!'
b"now she's saying she's not been to sleep yet cos the costa she had yesterday made her 'high as a kite ' ffs mum"
b"now she thinkin ' she gorgeous never keeps a boyfriend, she fucking everybody, little nasty bitch"
b'now : 50 %off on our house come warm up with friends, this special is available from 5pm - 10pm. we are open until 2am!'
b'now that i do not have school for a week i do not know what to do with my life loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"now that i am out of breath from dancing all by myself - lol - it's time to finish my mba forum homework. before the next burst of energy."
b"now that's just good teaching right there! can not wait to play tonight!"
b'now the thinking settles in'
b'now time to go home and do this assignment due in 5 days that i havent started'
b'now you know now you know, true friends stab you in the front'
b'now whoever tries to call you on your bullshits a hater?'
b'now would be a great time for directv alex ross to show up.'
b'now your nightmare comes to life'
b"now you understand how i am feeling it's definitely love that i am needing boom, boom, boom my heart's beating we better stay in bed heavy black heart"
b'and 2) why the fuck do we have to wait til march for more? like i can understand one release a month but 4 freaking months?'
b"np cigarettes after sex, nothing's gonna hurt you baby"
b'my new song out now. go home -- listen here'
b"my mom always packed food on vacations... and we'd sometimes eat bad food at the one open diner"
b'np roy\'s home improvement ad - roy\'s home improv ad on " the positive voice of new york "'
b'hahaah why humaidi is a pigeon babe you dont have to say hahaa face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so i guess you xhosas have so much love 4 each other! good 4 u...!'
b"the incoming call then most likely you were outside of your local calling area. if you need help with your plan and it's"
b'i asked nicola if she will represent all the expats working in eu, that did not have a vote, no representation.'
b"numb he's so cold he does not feel a thing"
b'okay, when i saw this my heart melted.'
b'nutella and toast is my weakness i love it'
b'nutella covered strawberries are my actual weakness'
b'nutella is my weakness'
b"nvm, haircut and shower, then all the animu. just 2 shorts and opm today, so it's pretty slick"
b'nvm im ugly tht would never happen lol'
b'nwei, dahil mahal ko ang rastro. video downloaded on all gadgets, currently converting the songs to mp3'
b"yup! it's pretty cool but it depends whether they are calls or not!"
b'n! xxas get tha girl of their dreams & still make tha girl life a nightmare, than say these hoes for everybody'
b'i appreciate that you call starset a lifestyle, though. it kind of is, especially for nerdy/scientific music fans like myself.'
b'birds can not hug, but here is one that wishes he could.'
b'he does not deserve 1 penny of that amount. he deserves a trial and jail time. but we do not have trials for bank execs, do we?'
b"and it's your business because?in the us there are no princes but they do not pay taxes and take their money to the cayman islands."
b'any self respecting american would not ride in a cab with that foreign filth committed to overthrowing usa. animals.'
b'ask kelly about her heated moment with brit hume to get a hot spot on fox which resulted a divorce from 1st husband...'
b"because there isn't going to be one world government most people do not want that we want borders! hey liberals kiss my ass!"
b'better watch for cartels who can launch mortar attack. these guys are well armed these days & they hate him.'
b"come on really? that's fucked up, i swear people these days are just plain just doing whatever to get on the news it's sad"
b'destroyed the country and pretends to be victim! do not let the door hit you on the way out.'
b"in itself this is a bigly signal of defeat. he's never even taken a dump that did not have the name trump on it."
b'in ny they through me out of a cafe just i ate my own bread too'
b"it's going to be really funny when the rest of the vote comes in and shows trump in the lead."
b"it's not about the country it's about tearing down obama legacy because he's black."
b'i would tell brazil to go get bent'
b"l all they're trying to do is take the heat off them"
b'black on white crime is covered up it is the biggest lie in america'
b'free speech has gone beyond respect. show a little class people! can not you find a way to offend without sounding vulgar'
b"it's not about hillary pleasing everyone it is about her staying on the path that she has been on since college, caring"
b'people acting like everyone in prisons are rapists and murderers when 80 % are non violent drug offenders'
b"power is all that matters. he will sandbag this. it's kind of an all or nothing moment tho ain't it? choose wisely bureaucrat."
b'rip nyt. if nothing else comes out of this election, at least we all know where not to find facts.'
b'" she hit her head so hard in the fall that she sometimes forgets to rinse the soap from her butthole " - bill clinton'
b'so are you allowed to speak up if people say stupid things? not to embarrass them of course, but just to say, disagree? or nah?'
b'telecommuting saves lives people injured need to work veterans the disabled and work comp injured deserve to work.'
b'that is low debt for a company worth billions'
b'the brazilian people demand and deserve more than that, above all, sincerity and the whole truth.'
b'the face you make when everyone knows your guilty but you do not give a shit.'
b'you would forecast a win for if every other poll showed her losing can not bite the hand that feeds you'
b"waleed's story doesnt mention the petition in parliament to fix the problem"
b'was a message show in music in light of the current protest going on into cities. need freedom song rings true'
b'weiner can not stop sending pictures of his weiner. more evidence that we live in a simulation.'
b"your fact checker has proven to be broken! or wrong. we've done neutral checks and it seems to not providing info on clinton's lies"
b"that's what happens when you try to create the news instead of reporting it#justsayin"
b"that's not true because the obamacare is good for our economy, by decreasing the health insurance on the workers."
b'trump has lied to them too. feel bad for them in that they are being conned'
b"obama claims he's visited 57 states :"
b'obama just got caught in another big lie \xe2\x80\x93 this one rewrites history completely'
b'obama says climatechange is our greatest threat while americans do not have it in the top ten!'
b"obama's not afraid of extremists, he stands up to rain clouds. \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8fwith a marine holding his umbrella \xf0\x9f\x92\xa7@realjameswoods"
b"obama's war on global warming going great."
b'obama wants to reverse climate change, so that when christianity is wiped out, muslims will have a clean environment.'
b'only you appreciate my annoying tendencies face with tears of joy smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'and first shower just after then smile so proud'
b'obi wan does not understand me, he\'s jealous & wants to ruin my life " *anakin throws tantrum* " well that\'s attractive " us in unison'
b"buy me one and i'll charge your phone for you."
b'if you love great writing and great music -- get ready to fall in love with all over again!'
b'obviously i would drive down a one way street smile wow how did i pass my test'
b'obvs if those scooter riders used pt their roads would be even more clear of traffic, but the point is cars take up a lot of road space.'
b'i didnt need help. after all smile well some what'
b"guess who's actually smoke free!"
b'i could not handle, i needed you to know'
b"odd neither of which has the correct day on them. that's how i roll."
b'o dia que o youtube parou : cau\xc3\xaa moura vs mussoumano what a day what a lovely day'
b'your schedule is always packed dude'
b"what the funk, you're such a good friend! ily! and btw, have a good day ahead cutie"
b"of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn."
b"of course no one's gonna rt or fav my last tweet because everyone's a ghost follower and nobody ever reads my tweets. d :"
b'of course our three day weekend would be full of rain'
b"of course she understands when you call her horrible names. that's why she's gone to bed. come back bonnie. i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'of course this school screws me over every time even a math teacher face without mouth expressionless face'
b'ofcourse twitter trolls are toxic, but your isis and others terrorist organizations are sweet. they really care 4 you'
b"of coz it's becoz they dont accept you. but if were to ask why so it happen, do not you think there's a possibility to my reason?"
b'your lovely smiles always brightens my day! you make me feel happy so i want you to feel happy too'
b'off her lips. * " do not go after them, please. they did everything they could do to make me feel better. but, before i (5/12)'
b'hi baileyyyyy smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes im a solid bailona fan face with tears of joy please do reply to us \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'official last day of work & first day of maternity leave grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'officially team iphone and i am super excited'
b"and forget the haters they are just hating bc aren't as cool as you"
b'ms brown its not just your great beauty, its also your spirit and personality that has so many of us in total like with you.'
b"happy birthday! hope you've a wonderful year ahead and always stay cheerful the way you're"
b'many many happy returns of the day... have wonderful year ahead'
b'off to bed mega tired il be ok tomorrow laters much love'
b'off to bed ready for my 4. 30am wake up call weary face but on the bright side, day of fashion shows for spring/summer 2016 tomorrow in london \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x91\x97'
b"off to jamaica manana! even though this trip isn't precipitated by the best circumstances, i am looking forward to being home with fam smile"
b'off to london -- paris, about to shoot a new video for a new song called " highschool never ends "'
b'off to see imagine dragons with knew nothing about today'
b'off work!... to bad i have to go home do laundry, take a shower, and finish about a weeks worth of homework smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i never got angry really bad i just get really really sarcastic'
b'needa braid my hair too'
b'o god we thank you for a successful nec meeting of the ayfnig held from fri 20 -22/2015 christian retreat'
b'oh, & 2 lots of ear rubs from in 1 week was fab/really made my day! must have those more often... then i can sit on your lap!'
b'oh its been 35 minutes n nothing, will my priority luggage come out 1st or last like yesterday'
b'oh and guess what, i am usually right'
b"oh and i failed my crops test. that's a shocker"
b'papa johns pizza is the best tho lmao i love it'
b'oh christ are you going to ambers party? ffs - yeah why would not i woo woo!'
b'oh cool you actually did it! do not drown in the wave of kids following you.'
b"oh damnnn, walk the moon has rhythm. move them hips boyyy. i'll dance to that."
b"oh dang, i am soo happy you're soo in love now.. ya know, considering that a week ago you weren't together."
b'oh. dats nice drogba visited cobhams today ama read his interview later on the website'
b"oh dear lord... now i am even more terrified by who's going to be killed!"
b'oh do not all contact me at once!'
b'oh do not let me interrupt your busy schedule unamused face'
b"oh em gee! i've got my most favorite girls in the world in my stats class! agh ima die from excitement :))))"
b'oh god! this is not so good news for pratt'
b'oh good lord. she looks like one of those crazy bitches that would drown all her kids.'
b'oh great the sun is out'
b"oh hey y'all, i forgot being ghetto was the new thing.?"
b'ohhh, my cat face was half black and half brown. looks just like yours'
b'pus no mamo guey face with tears of joy just blessing yo dreams. appreciate it damn unamused face'
b'oh honey your so obsessed with me lol stalker... i love you really as your a fab friend and hq'
b'ohh! oops! hahaha! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xe2\x80\x94 hahah its okay! but thank you little one see you soon face throwing a kiss kissing face with closed eyes'
b'oh how i love the dentist'
b'oh how i love work'
b'oh how nice it would be to be back in high school and not have anything to worry about but who buys their followers face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ohh shit! i have felt this alot of times!'
b'oh i agree! unbound worked so much better because the dynamic was already established, instead of having to build it up.'
b'oh, i believe the game is seriously afoot now uk'
b"ohio state women's volleyball looking to end wisconsin's winning streak"
b'nope no foolin this buckeye'
b'good i am so happy for you \xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'oh late night anxiety attacks how i love you'
b'oh look at him, he is gorgeous i\'d marry that man. does he have a grandpa? "... back off nana that\'s my boyfriend.'
b'oh look i tried and still failed like always! shocker'
b'oh man i can not wait to go to bed that is gonna be awesome'
b'i love our family'
b"oh mickey, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind. hey mickey. hey hey mickey! admit it, you did not read that, you sang it."
b"oh miss! you shouldn't walk in the rain like that! here!*turns into an umbrella *"
b'i always come up with the best ideas i swear.'
b'oh my god! i might just cry! i soooo wanted this book! good thanks so much dm coming up! xx'
b"oh my god the last time i checked you did not go with that, stfu and stop trying to be me it's not cute its creepy, weird, and not you."
b'oh my goodness this is an email on my chapel blackboard i love my school'
b'oh my gosh! can you imagine playing piano on her tour while singing a song. i would die and go to heaven.'
b"oh my gosh you get in trouble with the cops you're so cool dude i just wish i was you."
b'oh my lanta... this gym has no a/c.?#gonnapassout'
b'oh no awkward photos'
b'oh no.. day 2 of sleeping at 4am, waking up at 9am and eating a heavy breakfast, falling back to sleep and (cont )'
b'oh no i gotta do so much stuff today why did not i finish my homework when i had so much free time'
b'oh no i have to go! try to trend now you have to wait until i get back because you waited to long!'
b'oh no i am showing my butt off so that means i want attention and comments about my butt'
b"oh no, is this real? ha? it's a shocker! why her loudly crying face she's my bet! she never failed to impress all of us with her dishes!"
b'oh no jersey shore is over i can not contain my tears'
b"oh nooo they're out there liv! have you asked your local store manager when they'll be getting them in?"
b"oh no that's so kind! i am crying... it's just amazing for me to read this words! \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x92"
b'oh please do not care to much.'
b'oh please god say yes! face with tears of joy'
b'oh, pls. dont you see the rt when armstrong apologised to indira gandhi'
b'oh plz birather... but yes i agree you better than many... but this is the vey first line'
b'oh sansa, you have the best ideas.'
b'oh school i love you so much'
b'oh shit i am dead " we are one'
b'oh snap! i am really excited to see & in'
b"oh sorry it's a tweet chat let me charge my phone sharply. i have some questions i have been meaning to ask sef"
b'oh! so you can qualify when i should & shouldnt b offended & you can also try to justify ur insult & still not apologize?! smile'
b'oh so we lost charlie adam'
b'oh sweet hotel bed i love thee let me count the ways'
b"oh sweet lord tate langdon is so fucking amazing i swear. i do not think i've ever fallen in love with a character so fast."
b'oh the dream i had last night. melted into my pillow. i made peace with the times i had forgot. but, all i gathered turned into sand.'
b'oh the house we went to for the thanksgiving dinner was adorable and i wish i were living in a house with friends'
b'oh the smell of a freshly killed week relieved face'
b'oh the smell of freshly washed laundry \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'oh this car ride with big d dalton & alexa will be just awesome.. ha'
b'oh wait, he takes the garbage out, my bad.'
b'oh well its a school night & cant stay here no longer.. vote pls and make em win. one direction'
b'oh, wow! it seems i am the best dressed at the party!'
b"oh wow that was one of the best vocals i've ever heard on see you tomorrow!"
b'oh yeah, i kinda used to be skinny and i had long +brown hair. i like my hair now... but i hate myself.'
b"oh yeah moody isn't packed at all, keep letting kids in please."
b'oh yea i agree, but i think they thought lamb would develop much like he is in charlotte and i like adams, but he gives you'
b'oh, you wanted me to lie. (v_v )'
b'o\xc3\xaddo al pasar : me : my job sucks people : why do not you do what you enjoy me : capitalism has determined that'
b'it was great! though i kinda wished i am not on my period and for there to be no tests tomorrow sad'
b'oi oii is siiick! your voice made us proud my bday is in \xcb\x97\xcb\x8f\xcb\x8b19\xcb\x8e\xcb\x8a \xcb\x97days your follow is the best gift \xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x91\x85\xf0\x9f\x8d\xa5 34, 901'
b'oit gendut, nah.. i do not care if you speak broken english but please improve \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f tau! angry face'
b'okay bitches i still stuck w bieber since day one, all you bandwagon hoes have a seat!'
b'okay but do not get angry at your girlfriend for stuff like that?\xc2\xbf'
b'okay but like, if i go to your house and you have a fridge full of nothing but yogurt i will leave and never speak to you ever again.'
b'okay but who wants to go get a tattoo with me today'
b'okay? but you went out of ur way to tweet abt it? so...'
b'okay, enough twitter for today. but remember : has bad customer service and bad printers.'
b'okay everyone hold... hold... we will slide down and all attack at once! " - ice cubes in the bottom of a cup'
b'okay ffs sleep attempt leggo'
b'okay guys. i am having a rough time myself today. keep me in your prayers please.'
b'okay! i agree'
b'okay. i am in britain. the sex scandal headlines all include the work " spanking. "'
b'okay i flinched then laughed this time lmao'
b'okay if they release it today, i want you to know that i love you all.'
b'okay i have three weeks left with my kids but today they keep making me cry.'
b"okay i'll talk to him later time to get in the shower smile so proud that he did it?"
b'okay, i love them pretty much but while i am drawing them i only want them to burn in hell.'
b'okay i am going to do my home work brb'
b'okay i am going to try really hard today to get shit done lol'
b'okay. i need new series. i need power and orange is the new black season 3. something to keep me occupied in december.'
b'okay, i understand people wanting to evacuate for this little tropical storm, but all the gas stations in wiggins are out of unleaded gas.'
b"okay i've been up but ngl i am chugging along today sleepy sea potato"
b'okay i woke up to buy it now my butt is going back to sleep. love you guys. proud right here.'
b'okay jk but really im so excited to see the lightwoods on the shadowhunters my precious babies'
b'okay let me do my home work.'
b"okay most of y'all bandwagon hoes can get off yoongi's dick unamused face"
b"okay now it's finally hitting me that i am seeing demi today. i am so excited!"
b"okay people, let's get this party started! happy birthday madonna!"
b"okay so if larry isn't real explain this subtle answer please tired face"
b"okay - so this is what happened earlier, and what we're going to do to stop it happening again : apologies again all."
b'okay so today i said i wish my face was longer and less circular and someone turned around and said " no you have a great face " noice'
b'okay, so what i learnt today is i need to start watching asap.'
b"okay today i will work on my novel i swear. 2000 words. that's all i need today."
b'okay. today\'s the day. you got this big guy... eh... we\'ll try again tomorrow. " -my hair'
b'okay. today was a mishap. i have to make up for it tomorrow as well as start recording my ep. hahahaha what is sleep who needs it anyway'
b'okay ttyl.. i have some homework to finish. love you all. stay blessed \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'we would love school'
b"ok, but seriously. i actually could not handle another aj flashback like omg she's so fucking adorable"
b'ok ended... as much as i love surprises pls give me some warning lol'
b'ok ezekiel elliott and carnell jones what happens when a nfl team calls the wrong play? do you quit and join the canadian football league?'
b'ok goodnight i love calum hood the beautiful king of nail polish'
b"you're emote did not show up for me. i have a stupid android. but i assume it was something along the lines of : expressionless face"
b'ok i had a broken leg, a ruptured disk in my neck and a torn vertebrae! but i prayed today so i am okay! as for my'
b"ok, i'll put it another way. if religion were to disappear overnight, what would be the negative consequences? would we be worse off?"
b'ok i meant people that actually follow me not creepy guys that search " add me on snapchat " on twitter ha ok'
b'ok i am going to finish the bloody homework tonight! word my marks!'
b'ok? i am just asking you to explain yourself so we can have a conversation?'
b'ok. i need to pay closer attention during auctions. i bought something i absolutely did not want or need to carry back to va.'
b'ok i really need to watch what i say to people on hypixel xd im probs about to get punished for what i did.. plus my names freylise (1/2)'
b'ok like my stomach did not hurt until i sat down why this'
b'ok liverpool, now you are scaring me'
b'ok nvm holiday cheer over my cat just burned his tail on a candle and i almost set myself on fire trying to extinguish him sos'
b"ok so today was good until after school which sucked b/c i do cc and it's like 100 degrees out & a bunch of other crap"
b"ok that's cool, do not look for any open shots or anything. good job draymond."
b'ok, they need the money, and we need the show.'
b'ok those were sweeping generalizations but duterte terrifies me because he wants to bring back the glory of the marcos regime and im just no'
b'ok we are ready for winter to be done now. bring back the sun.'
b"ok, we get it. you're a lesbian. stop hashtagging all your pics with and already"
b'ok what a great ending!'
b'ok wtf i didnt know jr bourne was in thirteen ghosts wtf what a coincidence'
b'ok wtf is wrong with my phonr charger im pisisng'
b"ok you hoes you can stop now everyone knows you're just a bandwagon & dont give a shit about soccer anguished face"
b'trying to find a home for very beautiful gobi.. he needs help to stay safe in cyprus.. can you help?'
b'trying this bad boy for tea tonight smile'
b'old enough to know better, young enough to take a dare'
b'old gold mines (at pikes peak )'
b'old songs bring back so many good memories.'
b'old white ppl got nothing better to do lol'
b'olive garden is always packed, but its worth the wait smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"it's impossible not to have a great time at your shows \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'cough cough lina can not wait'
b'have fun an stay safe x'
b'"i do not even know your name, i wish we could talk but i do not have a number to call... " amazing song!'
b'will they be any album signings for the new album'
b'there is always fir. then jit and minority protest and media talk. dont believe on bullshits of'
b'nope, just still really sick and playing otome games on my phone like 2d bois 4eva'
b'omfg i freakn hate being sick'
b"omfg it is nearly december and are we really that shocked it's getting cold and it may start snowing? it"
b'omfg theres this grown man on a razor scooter on the main road abiding all the traffic laws but on a scooter im so'
b'omfg this bitch cute af lol'
b'omfg wtf is wrong with todays weathrrd fuck icanteeven type'
b'omg another one'
b'omg bestfriend you so cute face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\xa4\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x86\x97'
b"omg dude at the mall play place, stop yelling about politics. kids are playing. he's practically proselytizing."
b'omg fuck you, fuck you, almost does not count! " --me when my credit card company emails me to let me know i am near my credit limit.'
b'omggggg a new season of its always sunny i cant wait!'
b'omgg i still need to watch young wild n free mv making but so busy packing! (i say as i constantly rt bap mv making pics ))'
b'omg! how did i not know she passed away 2 years ago?!?!?!?! so sad right now! loved her!'
b'omg i can not wait for legends of tomorrow! the subtle hints popping up here and there in arrow and the flash are making me live! hawk girl'
b'omg i can not wait to be rid of this stupid android'
b'omg i get distracted from homework so easily'
b'omgii. followed me \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes thank you thank you \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a.. this really made my day. face screaming in fear face with tears of joy'
b"omg im one proud momma face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f congrats kayla! that's awesome!"
b'omg i need a fag asap'
b'omg i throught the third pic was gonna be that busyed ass pic lol i love you thank you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'omg it just keeps getting better'
b"omg i've been listening to my study playlist so much that i forgot i downloaded a mp3 of everyday ;__ ;"
b'omg lol no one is my master... lol... i can not take it so funny sorry.'
b'low battery, i need charge my phone cell'
b'omg most insane matriculants, we rather play soccer than study 4 prelims =d'
b'omg my face feels so much better after a shower. \xf0\x9f\xa4\x95\xf0\x9f\xa4\x90'
b'omg my phone went to hearts again. stupid android'
b'omg! i need something yummy... disappointed face'
b"omg that's awesome"
b'omg the biebs is here " lol she\'s so funny!'
b"omg, the chair of the diversity committee of my law school reached out to me today to ask if i've been okay. brb gonna cry."
b'omg today is the best day of my life! {so far } can not wait for more'
b'omg who is singing her voice lowkey beautiful weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'omg you are so cool'
b'omg you\'re too smart " stfu kiss my feet then love how he says dumb stuff hahahahaa'
b"thanks, you're such a good friend crying face"
b'on a gas station door. i must say, i agree. dress like a douche, get treated like a douche'
b'on a lighter note... i went to the drink & draw event last night with &it was super fun! can not wait for the next one!'
b'on a serious note rellik would be soooooooo much better if he was on beat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'once again he finds himself in the pi phi parking lot trying to not be creepy-me in my third person memoir.'
b'once i am off you, i do not want nothing to do with you!'
b'once things start to change in a negative way, just prepare for the worse'
b"once you pass like 579 layers of sadness & no emotion there's actually a really sweet, caring & lovable person in me lmao"
b'once you become pregnant you lose a great amount of friends but yet will want to come around when the baby is born. lol its not happening.'
b'once you had the best boy you can not do better ; baby i am the best so you can not do better'
b"once you've been hurt, you're so scared to get attached again. you have this fear that everyone you like is gonna break your heart."
b'one accident at liberty and zeeb, yet another quarter-mile past that on zeeb.'
b'one can be very much in love with a woman without wishing to spend the rest of one\'s life with her. "..'
b"one date you shouldn't forget. know how late payments impact credit limit :"
b'one day i might learn of his pain but today, that small conversation is a bliss.'
b"one day... maybe in about 20 yrs i might actually get a ) 5 minutes peace & b ) to drink a cup of tea whilst it's still hot! a girl can dream"
b'one day someone says this to ashton " i recon you should bang me like the drums tonight winking face " 5 seconds of summer'
b"one day this week you're going to drive me around so i can find good spots to take pictures i'll give you gas money face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"one day you will realize, there's no other person will love you like i do...!"
b'one direction are down to earth.'
b'one direction has won so many awards they should change their name to won direction'
b'one direction hugs are so tight they leave marks on eachother'
b'one direction is so boring why do not they dance'
b"love watching your acoustic version of onething and it's an awesome song & a very cool video too. smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'my mom got really sick we almost lost her three times i feel like i have no1 somtimes but i know i have god...'
b'one direction on the jonathan show made my night never laughed so much face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'interview was amazing never laughed so much they should b on more often'
b'one doc went to med school, started residency and then just quit. an interesting blog on'
b'i was bout to say sumthin so funny but i held it in lol'
b'one full week of overtime. not being home till an average 8:30pm. even the car could not handle it. time to rest and look for a new steed.'
b': smile and let them wonder why.'
b'a butt with chips in it i think?'
b'cannawetalk42o. com join us each wednesday night on with new guest each week'
b'is playing in the dentists office smile'
b'one love (reggae ) - slave trade | \xc2\xa329. 99 | arrived in stock see :'
b': to acknowledge what is built and keeping away from neglecting the conscious awareness of the manifested'
b'to all our followers people like you make this a better place!'
b'one minute i am angry with him and *boom* the next minute i am back to the loving girlfriend face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"one mistake from being together but let's not ask why it's not right. you, will not be 17 foreverrr"
b'one more day to the new gnote. interesting to note all the media hype on toronto blogs for this event.'
b'one more month until christmas break'
b'one more " thanks for following message " and i\'ll block you staright away.'
b'one more week left until quince. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'one of my best ideas : freezing girl scout cookies. good job, past rialin.'
b'one of my favorite cars of all time. nissan gtr'
b'one of my professors gave me a test for my bday smile'
b'one of the best guys ever! thanks for all and hope you have an a amazin day kissing face with smiling eyes heavy black heart'
b'one of the best ideas on how to avoid contamination!'
b'one of the best fan art we have seen! thanks for being awesome!'
b"one of the best teams i've seen in my lifetime there free flowing football was great to watch."
b'one of the down side of living along is, you will not find a meal ready for you when you get home'
b'one of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. -levi strauss'
b"one of those men who finds value in a woman's intelligence, that's attractive"
b"one percent battery life and it's only 11am what the hell happened oh right i forgot to charge my phone last night ughhh bye4now"
b'one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me// automatically checked by'
b'one simple tool for business success - jackie ulmer, direct sales and social media trainer'
b"ones that pretend they ain't got kids but got a stable full of children... put them niggas on a list"
b'one stop shop for stoners'
b'one thing americans (even the numb & dumb ) can agree on = a fair game!'
b'one time i went to this party and i locked myself in this room and watched bring it on bc i did not want to be there'
b'one week 2moro and i am off to sunny cyprus! 1st time in a plane in 15 yrs.. cant wait!'
b'on his desk, as he would interrupt his morning schedule to get some breakfast'
b'happy birthday niichan, ily v much. ur the gr8test big bro ever smile have an amazin day'
b'on life this henn got a bihh feeling good af tongue'
b'online retailers keep investing in whizzy websites, when what they need to fix is logistics :'
b': why building an excellent website is the key to unlocking online success for...'
b'only 72 for one monday night next month in a london'
b"only a few pages into elvis costello's autobiography but already enjoying it. an amusing & interesting opening. going to be a great read."
b'only bright side : i can now listen to summer related songs ironically.'
b'only chicago people will understand face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'only focusing on math this weekend is going to suck so bad.'
b'only hit me up when you need something.'
b'only looking forward to the yams mac & cheese & the dressing'
b'only now am i realizing how awesome lowes is.'
b'only thing i miss about summerlin is that nothing was ever too busy. shit is always packed southside'
b'only tthing i am looking forward to on thanksgiving is dressing and mac n cheese'
b"on me iam hit this bitch in the mouth when i see him like what's yo purpose"
b'on my home... lazy post campaign tea tonight, something with beans.'
b'on my way for a roundtable on digital transformation'
b'on my way to cali with my momma. she is playing 70s music. -_____ -'
b'on my way to grab your butt & call you my princess " " ha that\'s what i say to all my other bitches'
b'on my way to year 1 teaching. excited to meet other teachers and build my ideas bank!'
b'on my way to the launch! super excited!'
b"on my way to vegas for the boo's bday. the conversation right now on this bus is full of happy people. great mood for starting"
b'on saturday morning, tourists and their wheelie bags were steadily rolling out of the best western opera diamond,'
b'on some " you\'re such a good friend " shit tho'
b'on that 5s flow, needa get that 6s tho'
b"on the bright side, after this semester there's summer, and in summer there's nstp... uh... never mind."
b"on the bright side atleast we're one step closer to summer"
b'on the bright side, found a pair of shorts i searched all summer for.'
b'on the bright side humana just called to confirm my internship for summer 2016 grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'on the bright side, i accomplished summer goal'
b'on the bright side i am not addicted to cocaine'
b'on the bright side, if i do everything correctly, i should graduate ssc in summer of 2016 and be at ucf by fall 2016:)'
b'on the bright side, i get to take human sexuality and linguistics online over the summer.'
b'on the bright side, i have money to buy a copy of the sword of summer now.'
b'on the bright side i have to wake up early tomorrow so i will not be gone for too long 5 seconds of summer'
b'on the bright side, i am signed up for the kayak bass league tournaments next summer.'
b'on the bright side i only have 3 more exams to sit and then summer break smile'
b'on the bright side my boyfriend is bringing me taco bell and taking me to a concert... where i can listen to gorgeous music and hate life.'
b"on the bright side of this terrible day i might've just gotten a winter break/summer job"
b'on the bright side, scotland did want independence, at least we get the place to ourselves next summer.'
b'on the bright side, summer is in only 29 weeks smirking face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face loudly crying face'
b"on the bright side, there's 123 days until summer break"
b'on the bright side we can have a chocolate milk party of ever 5sos wins. 5 seconds of summer'
b"on the bright side, we'll have 5 mid-terms left before we graduate by the end of this week ** **summer course not included face with tears of joy"
b"on the let's give our best to build a present of peace for them!"
b'on the menu today, a visit to to express my gratitude'
b"on the one hand there's a very tryhard undertone, but on the other those people are determined to enjoy ascension matches + make them better"
b'on the plane waiting whilst they fix the tow bar. i have a gorgeous boyfriend to see! \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b"sure, but there's nothing about him that's interesting, the trainwreck/backlash to reigns is at least amusing."
b'on the verge of a breakdown because everything is terrible and stressful and life sucks and *drinks coffee* never mind i am totally fine.'
b'on this day in 2001, scott weiland was arrested after allegedly fighting with his wife at the hard rock hotel in'
b'on top of having a really shitty and bad day, i did not even see 1 deer today.. fml'
b'cold was slightly shocked with this. " you realize that those temperatures might very much kill you? i could always turn it +'
b'o. o he might be hurt -_-'
b"ooh it's nice to be back in ch we play tonight at \xc3\xb8ya \xf0\x9f\x8e\xb9\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'ooh this paper looks fun to play with!'
b"oomf called me twinkle toes for wearing sketchers in elementary school but now he's tryna hit me up like we do not have beef smh sleeping face"
b'oomg i saw everyone yelling but i assumed it was mtmte & not the preview? and i just accepted that it was wednesday for like 30mins before i'
b'oooh i know i am probably much too late to try and apologize for my mistakes but i just want you to know'
b'ooomf got me sprung already 3'
b"oooo y'all need to watch what you say to me"
b'oops, stomach can not wait an hour & a half to get food. bad timing. lunch next. (@ kalahari convention center )'
b'opening up a shoe store credit card and they give me a credit limit of 2000 flushed face rip'
b'im calling to tell you i love you'
b'i think anything a live has a soul, what god created'
b'you should ask@waynepacelle how many shelters the he is making off innocent donators is actually going to help animals'
b'o programa the love school u. you'
b'op sharma keeps it classy'
b'optimal usage of landing pages :1. killer headlines 2. keep writing simple 3. write like a human and for humans'
b"oh, it's so, so delicious. i want to make it part of my families holiday tradition."
b"i'll probably see you on tv lol! how much was your ticket for the game?"
b'orcutt burgers is always packed or i would go there for lunch'
b'ordered a pizza, today is a great day'
b'ordered my mom a blanket and ordered baylee books so we can do the 25 days of christmas. good for blowing money'
b'ordering things online is the best thing ever'
b'orders shipping out! here is the first one from heading up north this morning. can not wait to play tonight!'
b'i hope you enjoy your last term. bound & determined to make oregon into another calliforia, are ya?'
b'as a member of those 1. 7 million veterans, i have been financially ruined and i can no longer pay for the medication i need.'
b'i do not get how the msm does not get the difference between illegal immigration and legal immigration'
b'i am amazed how one jerk can use an eleven year old tape and possibly change an entire election.'
b'i thank you for everything cause you are the definition of honest when it comes to media'
b'she lacks "stamina". poor health. she does not want to risk another "dizzy" spell'
b"oreo is pacing in my bedroom and it's hardwood so all i hear is a pitter-patter.."
b'or i could go for a jog but the thought just makes me tired and out of breathe'
b': " : the bus today lol " smile " asshole ;d'
b'o state getting smacked will have nothing to do with next weeks game. they will be ready'
b"osu fans wondering if urban is going to have another heart attack. sorry bucks but that's our thing. grass isn't always greener smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes"
b'ot4 stans never know how to leave zayn alone are your favs that boring that you always gotta come for z'
b'hello good morning just want to say hello hope your enjoying your lovely day'
b"not sure if he'll get in our side though to be honest"
b'ots \xe2\x80\x93 tell a friend and make money'
b'im actually super excited right now and i dont even knoe you liel omf tell me more'
b"our crimj class bonds over our hate for mrs colling it's so cute"
b'our fears are being realized... we are seeing children, parents, elderly & young dying'
b'our friends at are listed as a top franchise for veterans we can not wait for their convention in february!'
b'our friends at the fowler house in quincy love bawstins so much they may be adding it to their favorite dish. look out its gonna be awesome!'
b'our fundraising auction finishes mon at 8. 30 pm. do not miss out on these unique photographs by julie millowick.'
b'our god is an awesome god. he knows exactly what is best for us.'
b"our hotel is right across the street from the hotel we stayed at with orchestra freshman year that had the applebee's"
b'our hotel room is super nice! right by the pool, with a stove and full-size fridge!'
b'our house internet is on point'
b'our house is full of children im so done'
b'our house we rented is so freaking nice like i feel like i should be in hollywood'
b'our itunes libraries have now become one file. this is worthy of a gift registry.'
b"our leader and supt. serving our kids! nowhere but alabaster! it's a great day to be a warrior!"
b'our online auction closes at 1pm! do not miss out on saving a ton of money! link --'
b'our online service takes you on a personalised 28 day journey to becoming smoke-free. join now! visit'
b"our oven has broken. i have therefore declared a chippy tea tonight. i will not have chippy because my body is a temple. i'll have a salad."
b'our physics lab failed because of her hands'
b'our pleasure a great way to celebrate national child day & our partnership with edith cavell'
b'ourpointzerowishes : the faces he makes make my life.'
b"our school dress code states that we can only wear jeans on fridays. i've worn jeans everyday for the past month and few weeks."
b"our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know."
b"our son's tundra rolled on him at least 3 times. and he's completely fine \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f thanks to his truck's fantastic safety features!"
b'our staff will visit either in a hospital, nursing home, rehabilitation center or in your home.'
b'our thoughts and prayers for people of paris, and those of who were affected by this horrible attack.'
b"our parlay is off to a great start with cashing! 3 -0 on the day! let's go 6 -0 and cash two parlays!"
b"i take it that you're a pretty active twitterer there mr. perkins?"
b'out now jebroer " ga maar vast slapen " spotify, deezer, itunes, apple music : youtube :'
b'out of milk. quite an impressive feat considering the vast stock i keep for emergencies. stress level still bieber-high.'
b'out of pure love, decided not to go bow hunt and spent the day shopping with the wife. had nothing to do with the 30 mile an hour winds'
b'out of team avatar, i think i would have sex with every single one of them'
b'out of touch with reality is a fucking understatement for you.'
b'out of work at 5! yesssss!'
b'outside college already, somebody hurry up and meet me!'
b'outside helping dad and a huge pack of coyotes start howling not even 50 yards away, i love nature but that was creepy as ish'
b'over 5 consecutive starts, james reimer is playing the best hockey of his nhl career.'
b'over 650 incoming international freshman to binghamton...'
b'come here and we can hug and hide from whatever this is'
b'overheard at grocery store in butter section " you can not just buy 1 stick? "'
b'overheard : me : i fuckin love school learning man this is where im meant to be professor : reminder that your'
b'overheard : me : my job sucks people : why do not you do what you enjoy me : capitalism has determined that what'
b'overly general classification of people is not right. i am not the same huhu'
b'overthinking and being stressed are two things that really do not need to go together.'
b'overthinking will destroy your mood and let go'
b'there is no good reason the are in the business of selling australia'
b"oh how lovely. i've been watching a lot of uk -based stuff on the netflix ; told ed the other day that i want to live there, really."
b'when i was a 20 year old minister i wondered y there was so much animosity towards the church. now that i am 40 i know y. so sad.'
b'nice to be back i missed him... but do not tell him that face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'pach ang case tomorrow hehehe love you face throwing a kiss'
b'if you could correct the release on that could prevent some frustration. thanks! smile'
b'wr james jones wearing a green sweat hood under his pads is 100 % the most high school football thing in the nfl today.'
b'packing is horrible but good for no school and soccer weekend in memphis \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f recreational vehicle smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yes they should be great games. which one are you attending?'
b'paid my vs credit card off & they raised my credit limit to 1,000 why would they do that weary face'
b'paint your game face with the app by nissan - proud supporter of ncaa football \xc2\xae.'
b'as a young child, i lived in ct. tried michigan out for 4 months, and could not handle it.'
b'pajamas, southpark, pot roast, fresh cookies, milk and good conversation. girls night done right. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling content'
b'pakistani rock - physics shocked :o'
b'pakistan is full of life heart with ribbon'
b'pakistan lost, arsenal lost, real madrid lost.. shitty weekend'
b"palin : legalizing weed is 'no big deal ' it's said that even a broken clock is right twice a day. i guess this palin's high noon or midnight"
b'palmetto_glam i did great on my speech, aced my oral exam and feel great about my accounting exam. it was a great day!'
b'i cant stop smiling! that really made my day!'
b'i am glad i am not the only person pondering this'
b"except you play everything except what i ask for and claim you're playing what i want."
b'pandora rolling this morning'
b"pandora's future & drake station got me feeling good this morning relieved face"
b'because it is an obvious category error caused by not knowing any specifics.'
b'panorama photography is certainly not for everyone! these fails are hilarious amusing and creepy at the same time!'
b'ya im on my way now'
b'good luck with school and have fun as well love ya'
b'i should be the one who should be excited to meet kakak hipster! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'pardon my language, but holy shit this is brutal!'
b'" my daughter does not want to spend time w/her old friend. what do i do? "'
b'parents must be so proud.'
b'parents notice your fake friends before you do.'
b'parents (understandably ) hate it when you teach their kids about chief keef'
b'paris is being used to justify agendas that had nothing to do with the attack'
b'parties the night before. cancels on plans with friends because " people were at your house and you had to clean ". parties with them instead.'
b'part of me was looking forward to our year end function at work. i had this fantasy idea i would get the opportunity to properly dress up.'
b'party all night here at the cascina!'
b"it's going to be an insane night of fun"
b'passed out? not been a great day!'
b'pass was great though'
b'i love school but i hate the rest'
b"you need to watch this. it's amazing to say the least"
b'patrick adams : hour 19 of last day of shooting season 5. this about sums it up.'
b'hurry back to orlando so i can meet you smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b"is it? what's the usual time people go on long bus rides?"
b'honestly the only person i love seeing j with is his mom bc they are so cute'
b"but he's right. center-left was stuck in their bubble congratulating themselves instead of getting people onside"
b'but ashamed of ourselves in a guilty pleasure manner'
b"in this time of great dissent, i want to thank you for saying what i've been thinking. you are truly a good person, patton."
b"i do not get the motivation of famous people who hate on trump. they know they'll be jobless when he's elected."
b'i am hyperventilating no joke i am super excited sissy! 5 days omfg'
b'it\'s always amusing the west always has " unreasonable enemies " be it the soviets/alqaeda/saddam/ isis hmm interesting that.'
b'so making money for sony had nothing to do with it obviously. oh, and have seen plenty of girls watch the 84 movie and cartoon.'
b'lmao i wish! but man he cool people. he knew everybody like a on a first name basis lol'
b'i would swipe right for that pretty face for sure'
b'pauloarenhart provides a good example of something to'
b'paul probably hears he... gives good vibes a lot,... one good example of how you know you\'re at a good poetry reading " dr. rhonda baughman'
b'paul smith jeans creates line for barbour : the collection launches on sept. 1. continue re... via'
b"pay attention to how they treat you when y'all are not on good terms."
b'paying the girl next door to clean my car coz last time i cleaned i fell asleep in the car weary face sleeping face'
b'paypertrell foolin - its dark and trell is hot'
b'please read the tweet carefully and then reply.'
b'ohhhh i just do not like him bc he will not let me charge my phone'
b'should be an amazing day!'
b'it did come through! thank you so much. you have invested in something special. let me know when you are coming to the game!'
b'amusing init! hey, cld you screen grab the splits for me in miles? i am in kms, but wld be interesting to see it in miles too'
b'p cool getting to meet some of my new coworkers. excited for my first day of training tomorrow!'
b'i am immortal'
b'p/ do not know you well but maybe 10 l/ 10 \xe2\x80\x94 thank you x'
b"peace can not just be a pipe dream. i refuse to believe that. maybe that's why stories with hope are so powerful, especially now."
b'i go when everyone is in church sun. morning. i go to sat mass. catholic'
b'peace is a dream. we live in a world that treats the dead better than the living.'
b'peace of mind comes from honest people looking into the face of god. "'
b'peak ezra : not one to miss an opportunity post -paris, ezra levant is selling t-shirts.'
b'its just so funny lol'
b'saw video of these at the gaming convention. can not wait to do a live play video of em. need time off work ha'
b"i think this period of not knowing my mark aha. by the way, have you got your next column sorted? it's ok if you need time smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'go back to barca mate you will enjoy it and play far better.'
b"he is hehehe! i'll bring him over one day to visit. he's great with kids.. amelia will love him"
b'back in 1997 that started my gaming career. runescapes a nice happy medium but i miss my corp pors'
b'pellegrini looks suicidal. good. his shitty team have lost me \xc2\xa330. at least man united will be top of the tonight, though.'
b': i miss you, but actually i miss our memories in the old time.'
b'pending sale! contact me to make a successful offer & live at fort lawton in discovery park!'
b'video camera penis-hilton : cawed : white ppl = am e s s this is crazy how is america real'
b'flashback to my birthday in las vegas! was lovely to have pics with the best guys in vegas!'
b'penn state lost to michigan, 28 -16. i am so happy! smile \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'pennsylvania man arrested after dead dog found at home of dog fighting activity'
b'if you do not hate men, why no-platform your actions are how people will chose to judge you.'
b'penny stocks are a great option for small companies to get a start companies like bwen dumping stock ruins it. imo'
b'pentagon threatens legal action over bin laden book - yeah, that should help your re-election'
b"people are afraid to be who they truly are because they limit themselves to other people's standards."
b'people are freaking out because it looks like jelena might be back together smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'people are fucked me'
b'people automatically want the greener grass before attempting to water their own'
b'-____ - lol'
b'people be like why do you and your mama act like bestfriends lol cause she is my bestfriend i have respect for her and know my place tho face with tears of joy'
b'people be like " you do not fwm no more "... i be like " i am glad you noticed " gtfoh \xf0\x9f\x9a\xaa\xe2\x9c\x8c'
b"people drill to the actual core of the earth, it turns the drill rig into a super magnet for no good reason, it's incredible"
b'people freaking out over snow like they have not lived in michigan their whole lives'
b"people from my home town she's really cute! o v o yeah she also tried to drown you twice when you were kids"
b'people getting shocked by cold temperatures like this isnt what happens at the end of november every fucking year'
b'people had to " prove " they were christian to the nazis. is that where we are now? following hitler\'s \'good \' example?'
b'people i do not even know have some shit to say i love it'
b'people judge easily, yet hate to be judged.'
b'people just need to stop being so negative. so many more have it worse than you & would kill for your life, so be thankful & appreciate it.'
b'people must be swear is dick pics or sum i getting or rell sweet talk \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x8f\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'people need to stop scaring cats with cucumbers, say animal behaviorists, - sent via the fox news google tv app.'
b'people need to watch what the say. my friday was ruined.'
b'people only get jealous because they care.'
b'people point of view on me : happy life heart : hurt bruhhh... mood 100 to 0'
b'pray lazily due to not knowing the purpose &benefits of salah or what they learn all these for a spike in your salah level'
b"people probably think im so weird because if we just meet, i am going to give you a hug and act like we've known each other, no awkward shit"
b'people protesting in favour of " men\'s affairs " in front of parliament - yes, the poor plight of the middle class white man'
b'people really get full scholarships for doing shit like diving and swimming... what the fuck was i doing in high school bruh smh'
b'people really made my day today smiling face with halo'
b'people really need to watch what the fuck they say on social media before someone finds your ignorant ass and beats it badly'
b"people should understand how stressful it is to explain what's going in your mind when you do not even understand it yourself."
b"people think because i party bares i ain't doing shit. lol"
b'people think i am somewhat mental, they do not know i am very sentimental'
b"people thinking their out here'slaying ' when they're just being ignorant as hell. that's life i suppose."
b'people " turned " on after she lost her title because they\'re shitty people. i\'ve heard their bs justifications. save that drama'
b'people who are only hungry at " lunch time " are so weird.'
b'people who call you early in the morning for no good reason \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1 weary face loudly crying face'
b'people who get pointless tattoos confuse me'
b'people, who hate my acting, are not forced to be with! please just go away, because you made me feel sick'
b'people who say the do not like the nba need to watch games like this!'
b'people who say women must be bikini-clad and stick thin to be loved, talented and successful should probably turn to bbc one right now.'
b'people who share " my week on twitter " tweets : much love but please stop. it\'s silly. no one cares who followed or unfollowed you. thanks!'
b'people who sleep late have more mental stamina and can outperform early risers.'
b'people who sleep with pants on is why i have trust issues.'
b'people who still use " bachpan se ", do you not realise that it\'s not a funny/witty/interesting/amusing reply at all & only gives you -5?'
b'people who tell you you grand parents deserved to die four years ago because you are a disappointment make me sick i hate people like that'
b'people who use gay as an insult are so...'
b'people will always talk shit, you just gotta laugh at them'
b'people with large twitter followings really need to watch what they say :|'
b'people with more than two kids love squalor'
b'\xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f people yelling at me at work smiling face with smiling eyes some customers are the best'
b'they have never dance during a tv performance, damn dude you are sooo dumb.'
b'perfect end to a perfect week! unamused face'
b'perfectserve launches version 2. 0 iphone & android apps - midland daily news : perfectserve'
b'perfect way to end it rawls. over 200 yards rushing. what a day!'
b"the brimley impression from ewoks was great though so i'll add it to the list"
b'periscope : mauricecanon : live on : man i can not stand dumb ass uneducated people'
b'perks to living close to your parents/parents -in -law : free delicious dinners smile'
b"good old chappeli, loved watching him bat & captain, he speaks out, not always right, but this time he's spot on"
b'person erasing chalk drawing of gun on blackboard | getty images'
b'person : some people say " you have an attitude and your really sarcastic " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy me : wow really... who fucking knew crown'
b'i love you, but your website ues for pals rewards and repeat delivery are pretty awful sad'
b'and oh yah. that part. i do not give a fuck about these people. i do not wanna have to build shit for them.'
b'peter camp 2015 we will give our best.. god bless'
b'i have same work ethic i go into a field of work and i have to be the best at every level of working life i am on,'
b'yeah. love the book. this is nothing like it but interesting in its own way.'
b'petition to bring back 1d day'
b'and i hope you will have an amazin day filled with kerry washington and petra!'
b'idk you guys, but you are both so freaking gorgeous! not to be creepy! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hooray! which location did you visit so i can make sure andre and jason receive your gratitude? ^jd'
b"i'd be down for tomorrow. just gonna finish this homework tomorrow and i should be set then"
b'hehe you should! love ya ~~~ face throwing a kiss heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b"all right. if you're okay with it, i am too. we have a big game tomorrow night. eep!"
b'pa : physical therapist - physical therapy - outpatient at supplemental health care'
b'i might have been an hour late to a party last night because i was having too much fun doing my make-up'
b'working on a hockey blog post and looking forward to'
b'phone call from a college friend i have not heard from in years, mani-pedi, flowers, great physical exam'
b'phone cracked, lost most of my contacts and almost 20 + poems that i had saved on it. such a shitty week worry'
b'phone died for 2 hours charge it to 40 texts from hbu'
b'phone line for takeaway is open 5. 30pm please allow 30min to 45min at rush hours. enjoy 20 % off.'
b'phone needs to charge so lunch first it is!'
b'phones not stopped all day, i am not interested unless iv got 3 pegs in the dressing room!'
b'phone systems aren\'t beautiful. they\'re not enduring. they\'re not even that unique. "... but, check what makes'
b'phootshoot wid my babyyyy deviya :*?'
b'photo : my dream car. (taken with instagram at smart technologies )'
b'photo of the day - cool, creamy mango sorbet from'
b'it was supposed to be sunny here, up on the sugar loaf we had our own personal cloud! snow was great, though'
b'photos : excited nigeria you -23 players meet 2face at the gambia airport : photos : excited nigeria you -23 players me'
b'photos: man gets rescued while trying to commit suicide in uganda'
b'ph president aquino concludes his successful participation in the summit meeting in'
b'physical therapy again. woohoo'
b'physics failed, chemistry passed'
b'physics is boutta be failed tomorrow'
b'physics question that shocked everyone'
b'physics question that shocked everyone : a teacher has apologised after giving his 14 -year -old students a rathe'
b'hanging out w ppl who have long hair be like'
b'pic of and loosing their universal virginity'
b"picture this : unwashed girl watches as a trolley full of children drives by singing 'we will rock you '. that's a typical work day for me."
b'eat soft food and not like roast chicken or something... vegetables are good so far'
b'i cant wait when they come after you & your family one sunny day in cafe or restaurant. then you choose appropriate name for them!'
b'i said the same thing to you when you were at cnn.'
b"pink, i love pink lol. that point - is you? haha. let's take a picture in the jail later smirking face"
b'okay thanks love have amazin day! kisses for you black heart suit'
b'piquet better be doing the interviews again. yes, they were terrible, but at least they were amusing & interesting.'
b"are like tattoos... once they've touched your heart, they become a permanent part of you!"
b'gives subtle understanding and a place to escape from their tireless endeavors.'
b"pissed ain't the mf word. swear to god ain't shvt sweet over here."
b'pissed is an understatement right now.'
b'pissed off = understatement.'
b'pitch project finals time! i am always really excited to see what has to offer, and this year is no exception'
b'pitter patter feline rescue has animals in need : lucy and lulu are sisters who are looking fo...'
b'pitter patter. thank you gorgeous \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'your pizza is the best, please follow me?'
b'pizza wings and champagne is one of my best ideas this week'
b'yea smile more then 1/3 of my class failed physics test angry face'
b"planning a holiday this year? whether you're looking for a romantic escape with your partner, a party weekend"
b'planning my final for my bakingii class & i think i am gonna do a cake i sucked at the first time around...'
b"plans.. 1. finish ou game 2. celebrate ou's win with coffee 3. do homework 4. take a nap 5. wake up and go to church 6. more homework 7. sleep"
b'plans with friends seem fun until you actually have to leave the house and do them.'
b'played " sonny\'s dream " in class today with my grade five students to show our respect for one of nl s finest muscians. rest in peace'
b'play : great track : *new* empire (buy 1 get 4 free ) by grizzlysbeatz. via'
b"playing austin for the first time today at emo's. perfect name for a venue that we get to play at."
b'playing cod on the last day of summer vacation. now this my friends, is living.'
b'playing in makeup and showing a few products i love using on my snapchat - youaintgolden'
b'playing live like a legend from on repeat means singing the songs at work because they are suck in my head. love this album!'
b'playing sims3. its been too long.'
b'playing superhero memory match with my big boy \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'play so good and lose like that... what a freaking joke'
b'are you drinking roland lol'
b'please hanapin mo si mamaya or just mention her name to the public hehehe thank you nash smile we love you'
b'please, all of the nation come to edwards drugs today. i do not think we have filled quite enough prescriptions today.'
b'please always remember france in prayers... lord jesus, please have mercy for people in france'
b'jordan your too sweet to me i swear loudly crying face face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss'
b'please, be a little more subtle with your tweets.'
b'please be more subtle'
b'please bring back this hair colour'
b"please can you fucking stop being so obvious when you're reading what i am typing on my phone. at least try to be subtle."
b'please disregard the fact that i desperately need to charge my phone. and i absolutely love you'
b'please do not confuse subtle and tasteful promo with no promo'
b"please do not block me. i love your reporting. lol. but your knicks have not won a title since the early 70's bruh."
b'please do not go into that brown mini van, oh god'
b'please do not reply to this'
b'please do not take extra long to reply or just do not text me'
b'please enough of this i am jesus bc... just take a chill pill on it.. smh'
b'please everyone take care of yourselves and pay attention to your bodies! be kind and loving to one another! it goes a long way!'
b'please explain to me what white privilege really is? i wait in line at the grocery store like everybody else'
b'please forgive me... i am just so emotional and i can not properly write everything i am feeling. i love you so much! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'please : gift not so subtle disclaimer : someone get me the rihanna puma creeper for dec 13 /please'
b'please god let me pass this math test tired face'
b'please help by sharing : after kumbh mela, godavari in its worst state'
b'please help spread the word should be great craic.'
b'please join and share! prayers for brendan'
b'please let me pass this stats test please let me pass this stats tests'
b'please let me use this model for my demon hunter. it would be so awesome.'
b'please lord help wednesday come faster'
b'please never end on bad terms. never let someone walk away after an argument without saying i love you bc tomorrow is never guaranteed'
b'(please note the subtle butt bruises )'
b'please pleaaaaase please retweet pretty pls'
b"please pray for my friend and classmate james. he 'a suffering lung failure and he's in the icu, possibly near death. he needs our prayers."
b'please remember i am busy. i am not ignoring you i am choosing not to reply. i am biba xxxxx'
b'please reply my messages face with tears of joy'
b'please reply to mine! on instagram'
b'oh my goodness this brought me such joy right now! just for the record i never doubted you ha'
b"please stay off of facebook and share your subtle racism with your parents. they'll be proud of you."
b"please stay safe, my loves. you're in my heart."
b'please take my many justin bieber retweets as a subtle hint that i would like someone to go to the concert with me smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'please who was the person that did not know the uk is in europe? i am laughing i remember something like this i need to know lmao'
b'pledge to support movement and lets work for a better smoke free societt'
b'got a business/marketing class i need to attend. i hear new prof is a pretty cool guy ;-)'
b"pls do not let this pretty face fool you, i'll whoop tf out a hoe real shit!"
b"pls do not try correct me on my spelling of 'center ' it's right when talking about 'center parcs ' bitch"
b"pls leave the poor core alone. he's apologised and is in space, he's suffered enough"
b"pls listen to be happy by bap if you are so down coz you'll get your mood back"
b'pls rt help submit best ideas/photos/videos ab what means to you due 12/1'
b'pls welcome my most favorite actor ever.. srk so glad ure here! show some love twitterverse!'
b'you still lapped everyone home on the couch! proud of you!'
b'plus i cant even go to the gym to release my frustration because i have no transportation there. home alone, bored and frustrated.'
b"plus i got a crush on somebody be nice to see her beautiful carmel skin and that smile goodnight y'all peace out"
b'plus i am not wasting gas money to drive home to jog in the country'
b'plus it uses lots of nature inagrey torn love letters the colour white'
b'plz adopt this wee lady love kindness warm bed shell love you 4ever, dont let her b killed today'
b'plz help me find motivation to do my home work'
b'plz no more f-ed up dreams'
b'plz stop snapping me from the shower thx'
b'and it was great. though now college professors explained them that govt should be next-level nanny for the rest of their life.'
b'alright just trying to be a good friend unamused face'
b'pochette " secret love box " :'
b"pochettino hails tottenham display : \xe2\x80\x98this is a very good example of how we want to play '"
b'wtf is wrong with people'
b'by far the best financial tool i have ever used. please please come out with an app that is more like your regular program'
b'not right now! i am trying to finish my homework but i got distracted'
b"poetickiiiings ew river.. you're such a good friend but sometimes you're annoying af. but you know i love you smile"
b'poetry for no good reason is the best kind.'
b'and how are you guys editing on ur laptops personal computer i do not know how and other people that will see\xe2\x80\xa6'
b'is it even possible to drink too much hot chocolate'
b'no one can ever drink too much hot chocolate \xe2\x98\x95\xe2\x98\x95\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'plot twist you can not drink too much hot chocolate'
b'that parents were not understanding either and this for sure is not correct - maybe you should call out the parents!?'
b'this would be the coolest way to propose. the yes/no game and then after a bunch of other questions " will you marry me " smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when ur parents get back from shopping and you do not know what to get bc the fridge is full af'
b'you can never drink too much hot chocolate'
b"she really does sound really sarcastic... maybe it's just bc we're both sarcastic assholes tho"
b'police abuse woman after entering home without warrant via thewing'
b'police are investigating after a fire was set intentionally at a mosque in peterborough.'
b'police arrest wife of man accused of trying to drown their kids'
b'police learn of 17th person wounded in shootout'
b'police now say deadly fire near charleston & lamb intentionally set and possibly done to cover up crime.'
b'police : victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set'
b'police : victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set : the victims in a deadly fire monday were rest'
b'police : victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set'
b"this one? rt majority say us at war with 'islamic terrorism '"
b'politics aside... bengal is the worst state to live according to me'
b'politics of india - modi brings all the parties together still & leaders call divisive!'
b'polka dots and gold glitter specs =]?'
b'pollutants push godavari towards its worst state'
b'polygon\'s 1450 words mostly complaining about butt cleavage, nigga i know what game i am buying. " glorious.'
b'pond5 is one of the great footage providers featured on info here :'
b'poor kid! you can not blame that on him!'
b'poor love i know this doggy been missing a while now confused face'
b'poor ok fuzz foot did not even see it coming happy'
b"poor programming choice who's dumb idea is it 2 have 1hour after make me want 2 watch badlands"
b"poor - fox news canceled all of her interviews yesterday and she's miffed! [total blank stare ]."
b'poor trim work covers something up, question is, how bad is that something? learn more at'
b'the third strangest thing at this school is why tenjou-san and himemiya-san do not have boyfriends'
b'i work tomorrow weary face last day. what you doing tomorrow night?'
b'pop your feet up and enjoy with a takeaway from yuwu! order online or via our app!'
b'sounds like my night, takeaway and netflix in bed smile enjoy! x'
b"portos is always packed, but dam it's too bomb"
b'porzingis is like another freaking bargani'
b'positivebrotha this kid is too cute and i love his motivation at this early age. strength! no weakness!'
b'possible (and probably gave konami an excuse to say " okay make us a real mgs for the psp the last one was shit ". )'
b'happy birthday you precious lil snowflake i hope you have an amazin day! i love you loads even tho you scare the hell out of me xxx'
b"that's 92 million jobless, and probably double that who are homeless and probably triple that who can not afford obama care!!!"
b"do not worry he'll have plenty of good days ahead of him. back in ussr"
b'potek winery keeps it classy : dave potter launches brand for his " best stuff " in the mill'
b'always showing the american people just how great blacks r. your agendas are transparent even if you fail 2 be. all lives matter!'
b"i absolutely do not think malia should go to jail for smoking pot. yet, so many others do go. let's be fair. legalize marijuana today"
b'imagine a gangster yet positive inspirational rap new generation equivalent'
b'just listen to your playlist on iheart radio interesting mr. president yep they got it the songs you like.'
b'my friends dont like working in class. could you tell us a bit of how hard you feel your work is compared to when you were in school?'
b'obviously job growth and unemployment mean nothing to you. % going down = people quit looking for jobs.'
b'we would like to understand the double standard approach to deal with protesters.'
b"what's obama's new twitter handle going to be? i am already missing him."
b'you suck can not wait till trump takes over and make america great again.'
b"you think trump is unfit to be president ha! you have proved you're not only unfit in addition you're the worst president in history"
b'you will come out for black lives but not all americans being unified? show yourself every day! stop this madness!'
b"pound for pound nanaimo's fascinating rythym is my favorite record store in bc, never a disappointment"
b'powerful man of god we love you pastor... true blessing! i appreciate your honesty about the life god has planned for us'
b"poznan - eskulap tonight! who's excited? we cant wait to meet all you polish bambinos!"
b'ppl are loosing their virginity at like 12 now. when i was 12 i think the word penis made me piss myself with laughter'
b'ppl really need to watch they say to my friends'
b'ppl who hate celebs for l i t e are a l l y no good reason actin like they know them? wyd'
b'has lost 1 of the most senior leaders my prayers for the heartbroken family & supprtrs.'
b'come braid my hair so i can do it loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"praise god even when you dont understand what he's doing."
b'prayers do not work for people with small or no faith'
b'prayers for all those innocent victims & there families in the'
b'prayers for please god let this stop happening.'
b'prayers for me and this internet'
b'prayers for paris begin at the oldest mosque in the western us jame masjid in sacramento'
b'prayers for people all around the world'
b'prayers for people in kenya'
b'prayers for people in mali, africa as a group of terrorists have taken over a hotel - at least 170 hostages'
b'prayers for people of france who are under attack from terrorists'
b'prayers for people of'
b'prayers for people who are in countries whose are in wars!'
b'prayers for people who are stuck in hotel... stay safe!'
b'prayers for people who say they can not pray, schaper, donna, very good book'
b'prayers for psu this weekend'
b'prayers for the victims of mali and their families.'
b'prayers going out to everyone in paris right now. i will never understand why these things happen.'
b'prayers go out for the members of and the people that lost their lives in the accident. never a good thing.'
b"prayers go out to mali. sick world we live in. i am all for people's religion but i'll never understand extremists of any religion."
b'prayers he will prepare us for his embrace :'
b"prayers of agreement that honors are not for people who constantly live in strife, then decide to because they're desperate."
b'prayers out to my beautiful best friend today because its all gonna be okay \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'prayers to all in need & those not in need.. prayer is good for the spirit and the soul'
b'prayers to mali. i stayed at that same hotel couple months back when i was out there for my concert. god is with us all.'
b'\xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'from rome, as i prayed for paris seven days ago. nothing can stop the dream of a world of peace'
b'maybe we should just pray to wake up before kills us in our sleep.'
b'praying and making duaa is the best medicine ever.'
b'praying for my bestfriend as she comes out of surgery i love you'
b'praying that i finish my homework. finals week will be the death of me.'
b"praying to god is whispering to sluts in 4 years because i'll be a slut and i would like to be whispered to."
b'pray, not just because you need something but because you are grateful'
b'prays nicki keeps it classy tonight'
b'pray that i pass this ap stats test'
b'pray to god that he guide me through these tuff times we living in.'
b'pray with us : for molly who is starting physical therapy after her concussion'
b'prdp with way wider release & way higher ticket prices is finding hard to cross hny even with manipulation so the frustration is visible face with tears of joy'
b'pre -atfest really rubs the definition of a student-athlete -dancer life in my face'
b'preliminary autopsies show a mother and father were shot and killed and their two children died of smoke'
b"premier league clubs pay tribute to paris victims as fans up and down the country sing 'la..."
b'premier league five points : leicester city defy odds to climb atop table'
b'prepare a successful 2nd high level meeting in nairobi, kenya'
b'prepare for miracles : daily powerful prayers via'
b'they actually arrested the second guard on duty with him and have since released him. so much for fighting crime.'
b'i am pretty sure i have now i just need to get threw on'
b"pretend you're in a cave full of jello and the only way out is to eat everything"
b"ok cool i'ma look those places you thank you i appreciate it"
b'pretty cool. wish my gym had these combohitters!'
b'pretty excited about one of the activities tom & i came up with for veteran training.'
b'pretty face & a body only gone get you so far. idc bout all this. i am really on a grind.'
b'pretty face but no substance in your personality sleeping face'
b'pretty face standin like a stallion'
b'pretty face to pretty big waste real quick.'
b'pretty funny line on espn from anthony carter, " here\'s what we know right now about brock osweiler, he\'s tall. "'
b'pretty good list : [whitepaper ] 7 company departments that could benefit from key skills'
b'hehehe yay. i love yew too baby girl smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss heavy black heart \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d\xf0\x9f\x92\x8e'
b'the songs you play before you go on always take me back! love hearing some beastie boys and bone thugs before it goes down!'
b'goodnight beautiful winking face'
b'hey missy funny finding you here ^_ ^ hope all is well'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year... or so i've heard!"
b'pretty shitty day : psu lost badly, im sick, its really cold, and i passed out waiting to get in the game. at least i get to go home.'
b'pretty shitty fucking day today lmao'
b'pretty sure i fell in love with the basketball coach at school today, we bonded over feta cheese and 11 year olds, so you know its real.'
b'pretty sure i just failed a physics test & i am in the worst mood ever ((:'
b'pretty sure i just failed my physics test'
b'pretty sure i need to go back to bed and sleep for 3 days'
b"pretty sure this credit limit navy fed gave me on my credit card definitely will not end up badly... there's just no way"
b'\xe2\x80\x94 the most of the time when he decided to go out in the evening, telling him to not drink too much or reminding him \xe2\x80\x94'
b'prime rib after a long but successful customer meeting. i am on that i did not respect properly smile no, a device that turns veggies into noodl'
b"this rate they'll expect countries at the euros to stand for their own anthem aswell as the french regardless who's playing"
b'prince kicked out of courtroom after yelling " you do not know me. i am a good mother to my daughter... tell her to quit lying "'
b'princeton wins 3 -0. first career shutout for phinney and first shutout at baker since nov. 10, 2012'
b'prison tattoos and their secret meanings'
b"lucky! it's always packed when ever i go there loudly crying face"
b"awesome it's best bdy of my life smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"private security is cashin money mouth face in at this time mos also all the frustration they couldn't legally release in post '94 sa is sorted"
b'beautiful cover photo but you can get more beauty, sexy and hotness after get little slope on your nose - king'
b'i know you are doing this for me. you do not have to do it but still you are doing it.'
b'love love love love love love love love love love love love \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5'
b'he talks about dangerous khalistan, you keep talking about anti incumbency, now we know you dnt giv a fuck abt the country.'
b"proactive physical therapy play of the game hannah taie's header to save a goal"
b'probably could save gas if i did not drive 90. but tryin to be home to get 3 hours of sleep before i have to get back up.'
b'probably just failed that physics exam lol. \xf0\x9f\x86\x97\xf0\x9f\x86\x92'
b"probably one of the best things i've invested in. thank you wife \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'probably the only person not drinking ciroc apple tonight.. lol.. will do'
b'problem : no rhythm solution : less sounds crazy. but let explain :'
b'probs shoulda went to the game lol'
b'professor : " we should be spending our money on trips to go see the world, not on the latest apple product. " me : me next time linda.. "'
b'progress at rapid speeds and do not stop'
b'ven ur dress gave ur model a 3rd breast! nice, just what every gal wants! you sure know design better than women!'
b'promise is a big word it either makes something or it breaks everything.'
b"proph. friend says something great will happen on 11/28th. i've got a good feeling about 12/21.. anyone getting anything?"
b'props to the gamecocks for beating the big dominating team vanderbilt by a whole 4 points!.'
b'he is an unreal talent him and if he reaches the final should be great to watch.'
b'proud is an understatement'
b"proud parents ditch friend of 10 years after he calls their son a \xe2\x80\x98f**king f*ggot ':"
b'proud to see the project is a go! can not wait to see it at national convention edmonton.'
b'this would be lovely to enjoy with a tasty sandwich and a takeaway caramel fudge hot chocolate yummy father christmas'
b'good works are done in the light of day my friend. in the light of day.'
b'pruno just got a mention in the good'
b'psa scrunchies are super fun and cute and wont screw you over so get urself a scrunchy, not a bf! winking face'
b'psbattle : this squash with a butt'
b'on-going source of frustration. it would take so little additional effort for to release that as compliant'
b'p. s signal was shitty so i lost my snaps, but hopefully i can make a quick vlog post with the videos i have left! sparkles'
b'psv certainly had a difficult game tonight'
b"psyched that i got a vaultboy bobblehead in my almost got 1 the other day, glad i didn't! its an exclusive lootcrate pose too grinning face"
b'coloring books are trendng here too so good'
b'ptl for old taylor swift music on these long bus rides'
b'i am an experienced web designer who can deliver you a creative design of your choice, please reply me to start'
b'public finances are getting back in shape, inflation is under control and investment cycle is picking up in india the stage is set'
b'public finances are in their worst state for six years. the deficit (which is the gap between what the government'
b'public gang bang interracial india summer fuck'
b'public school is hilarious. my sister got a hamster and has taken it to school twice and no one has noticed'
b'public talk : " steering the world : connections for a lasting impact ", taught us the innovative and engaging programs at nus'
b'pub quiz next weds 25th nov at the kings arms on hall road! 8pm start - bring in your takeaway to eat and enjoy the real ales!'
b'pub tea tonight definitely needed'
b'how about a great deal on a new honda?'
b'puerto ricans do not believe in the letter are but the women look good so i am cool with just having 25 letters in the alphabet'
b'room for one more bro'
b'puked 4 times and counting since last night lol. works gonna be fun.'
b'pull up on a kid'
b'pumped is an understatement'
b'pumpkin bread and hot coffee is a pretty awesome sunday morning'
b'puppy forced into bin is rescued'
b'and i bet no awkward " too sticky " labels to get off smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'pussy taste so good wet'
b'one more thing. i will avail myself to you, if you can kill uhuru kenyatta. this man is a disaster in kenya. how about that?'
b'sir please come to india for an official visit, you have huge number of fans here. people wanna meet you & interact with you.'
b'put it on em, make em wanna marry me bitch shutup with all that shit.!'
b'put some love out into the world today please... the world needs it right now and my guess is, so do you... send out some love! xo \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'putting a big ass speaker in the bathroom to listen to music during showers was defiantly one of the best ideas'
b'putting your phone on airplane mode will charge it twice as fast.'
b"you aren't a christian though - and i am not a good example of one smile"
b'dont cry you are full of life \xf0\x9f\x8c\x88\xf0\x9f\x90\x92'
b'q : " do you want to come to a harvard -yale game watch party? " me : " absolutely not. no. " *awkward pause* me : " yeah, definitely not. "'
b'oh the poor - always coming across as desperate'
b'get a dictionary, look up'
b"you know you're the best. you're daisy skye freaking johnson. you are quake so to say that is like saying you're not good at"
b'quan funeral was really nice though his family sent him home right, & he was def loved it was a lot of ppl there'
b'quarter to 2 in the morning & i just had a cup of coffee... probably not one of my best ideas tbf'
b'i fucking love nas. take it in blood is my favorite hip hop track hands down, but... nas is a disappointment, bro. worry'
b'queenswatchcat : the flirting is out of control and ciel is confirmed as a lazy bottom. chapter 110'
b'appreciate that man'
b'question about squats! butt vs legs?'
b'what an absolute joy to watch - well done!'
b'question what do butt plugs do?'
b'question what is the best way to train to use oversized butt plugs'
b'quick hits : football preps for usc, volleyball on a winning streak'
b'quick tip : collaboration is your fast track to great results'
b'quick twitter rant though. we were out tonight having a great time in dc when all of a sudden two of my friends start fighting.'
b"quick update, the couple in the relationship goals photoshoot i put up the other day actually broke up and i've never laughed so much"
b'quinlans is so full of children lately breaks my heart go study for your junior cert'
b"happy birthday to my dude jhett. with two t's so you know its real. love you dude."
b'quite a day filled with activities. talent audition was great though. having faith for a positive outcome.'
b'quite an impressive 1st half spell by the super eagles. i appreciate the urgency by the players. vs swa'
b'quite an impressive book. a very good read!'
b"quite an impressive crowd at congrats to all of the women who are leading the charge in atlanta's it community."
b'quite an impressive display from the bin dippers.'
b'quite an impressive drive when we were in desperate need for one'
b'quite an impressive learning contract for the masque of red death made by our 8th grader, andreea!'
b'quite an impressive list of authors in anthology & the cover makes for a nice'
b'quite an impressive nose hair if i do say so myself.'
b'quite an impressive swatch book thanks! now to the job of which white is right?'
b'quite an impressive time-lapse i need to work out how i to do this with a'
b'quite an impressive torta.'
b'quite interesting, forward it if you pass the test.'
b'quite scary when your that hungover you do not know if your going to be sick or shit yourself'
b'quite shocked charlie adam is off to stoke, what a wonderful career he had at liverpool'
b'quit speakin down on ppl situation and you do not even kno shit abt they situation put litter in its place symbol'
b'" thank you for following! i hope we\'ll have a great time together. welcome! via'
b'be determined and ambitious, but not out of a desperate sense of need. do it out of a love for the possibilities. enjoy your journey.'
b'quote from last thanksgiving : " if i knew i would have to clean the dishes i would not have eaten the meal "'
b'quote of the day : " the first great gift we can bestow on others is a good example. " - thomas morell'
b'quote of the night, " if i had that car i would come faster than the cops in a white neighborhood "'
b'quotes we love : " spend some time this weekend on home improvement ; improve your attitude toward your family. " ~'
b"so very cold. i'd be genuinely shocked if anyone could figure out what i am up to."
b"rabago_o's photo me all happy to be in college smile"
b'race to quit, nc " campaign helps north carolinians win their race to be smoke -free'
b'stupid android'
b"good we're glad to hear that you're now reunited with your fitness buddy!"
b'smile smile and when you are happy mood annoy me sometimes okay!'
b'my lowkey favorite activity with friends while just chillin at a house'
b"oh yes i am sure, the night of the proms confirmed on twitter, and it's not finish"
b'monday come faster smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b"hahah aw elf you're such a good friend face with tears of joy"
b'and she was an absolute joy to talk to! really informative and funny.'
b"radford parties not that lit. i am a black woman that hates frat parties. if you're like me it's not that lit i swear"
b'ahhhh can not wait to wake up and buy the pink ones at 1am tonight the hubby will be excited for camo smile im all about that'
b"hey greenie smile it's lunch time ya.. what would be the kind of food you go for today? face savouring delicious food hungry now la greenie hehe"
b'who the hell are you? you are a racist moron. no one w/any intelligence & wisdom uses such derogatory, hateful language.'
b'thank you for playing offspring! we rocked out in the car!'
b"chris have you heard elo's new song, when i was a boy, great song"
b"good afternoon sweetheart smiling face with smiling eyes i hope you're feeling ok and you're day is fantastic smiling face with smiling eyes i miss you"
b'absolutely! she just keeps re-tweeting anything and everything that mentions her name. my page is flooded! enough, i said.'
b"his pace made him magical and that wasn't there post 2008. he was unreal for 5 years at milan. what a peak that was"
b'raiders - denarius moore -wr : denarius moore (hamstring ) and jacoby ford (foot ) both sat out practice monday, pro'
b'rain & black hair do not mix oh man'
b'can you reply to this question please'
b"gene wilder, my decades long screen crush. so sad to know he's gone. may his memory long be a blessing."
b'rain photography photograph umbrella pink umbrella by gonulk'
b"raise your hand if you're at home on a saturday night because everyone canceled \xf0\x9f\x96\x90\xf0\x9f\x96\x90\xf0\x9f\x96\x90"
b'raising my kids catholic so there are no awkward questions about why santa wants black velvet and queso dip left out the night before xmas'
b'idk what the hell your problem is but you need to watch what you say fr. you starting to annoy me.'
b'hi am your big fan please reply'
b'wife of raleigh man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested'
b"rallies that support mens and women's rights are meninist, just as they are feminist. feminism does not have monopoly on equality"
b'ha i am almost back home in my own bed tonight.'
b'random acts of kindness make me really happy. love you & thanks mac, made my day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"random kid walking by : if could be any animal what animal would you be? me : giraffe jorge : he's cute"
b'random thought of today : why were cats once worshipped as gods in ancient egypt?'
b"why do girls wear yoga pants to the gym? why not just go naked? there isn't much of a difference."
b'rangers winning streak gets hit with lightning'
b'hahahahaha tarani is actually really sarcastic for someone who looks really shy on the outside'
b'ran into this lady walking down the street with her llama by axelhr'
b"ran up on this fuck nigga today pouting face i'd watch all that shit talkin boi last time i checked i was fuckin you bitch nigga"
b'the people mr. awesome just interviewed from carlsbad brought my mood down! come on its friday, be happy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i am applying for the position'
b"clearly we should suspend him now since brandon marshall wasn't punished enough 7 years ago"
b'rare circumstances scholars hv intense eq & artists hv extraordinary iq. v always can create collaborations 4 the better ; mind meets heart'
b'thank you! we will keep you in prayers for good news on results! god bless! have a lovely weekend!'
b'rates are getting better'
b'raven, hill and stone back in for rovers qualifying final clash with albury. full teams on our website now.'
b'have you seen the game? lol'
b"couldn't make the game today due to uni work. audio commentary was great though! be great to have a player on every week if possible"
b"are bodies are so astoundingly wonderful! we can calm down with our own breathing and fix someone with a hug + keep warm when it's cold! wow!"
b'mate i had one for me tea tonight a beauuuuut lucky six'
b"reaaaaal talk tho do you ever look into your persons eyes and think damn this is cool i am lucky you're in my life"
b'reading changes the internal conversation i am having with myself about the world.'
b'reading la granja for silent reading today... awesome friday with the kids! can not wait to play tonight'
b'reading sejarah, very hard to memories... sad'
b'reading what people truly want to do with muslims and how much they truly hate us makes me sick to my stomach.'
b'read our guidance on improvement planning and self evaluation link'
b'read out latest feature (with our favorite visual artist sterling bartlett ) & follow us on'
b"read the comments under this musician's tweet if you want to see a bunch of anarchists doing what they do best"
b"read this book no thanks, but i'd love to dance : choosing to live smoke free"
b'ready for classes tomorrow'
b'ready for r1! boy its hot down here! less than 20 mins to go'
b'ready for my days off! just need to come faster!'
b"ready for th ou/tcu game tomorrow night. stadium's about to be lit"
b'ready to get home to my baby.'
b'a proven track record of making usa great, all you\'ve done is " crippled america "'
b'you are the dumbest uncle tom i have ever seen or heard ever. oh and yes i am lying.'
b'(2/3) you have to look on the other side of the spectrum and see what people are facing, dont make it about you'
b'5 days don until ur house of cards falls. fear what you know not what you do not for it will be your undoing.'
b'million of it you owe to china you putz! } how much are you in with putin!?'
b'89 days left your words and actions have done such damage nothing about you is a leader shameful campaign loser'
b'great interview. trump is a family man and wants to put america back on track - he will too.'
b'actually its amazing how efficiently we use oil none of it goes to waste 100% of the barrel is used in fuels & products.'
b'all nato countries pay same % of gdp, not enough raise percentage'
b'all that money you saved by not paying taxes... use it to fund yourself.'
b"also if secret service wasn't their in detroit you'd got that ass whooped by all those blacks for hispanics,handicap,white"
b"always makes me wonder why the party of 'personal responsibility ' can never take responsibility for anything they do."
b'amazing the amount of people you badmouth.. not a good trait.'
b'your forgetting that this country was made up of immigrants running away from the king'
b"america was built on hope and oppurtunity that's what you give us the american people thank you donald trump! trump 2016"
b'america will be a disgrace to the world a sexual assaulter is elected as potus, a great role model you will make.'
b'& if the average american just attempted some stupid scam they would be found guilty just for thinking about it/bad crooks'
b'and both discuss what you think we should change about the country, and have an argument with each your own points...'
b'and they would be wrong as fuck, and you are an ass for suggesting it. loser'
b'and we are going to stop the drugs and get people working'
b'and what does this admin have to show for it?'
b'i threw up and killed myself after i read her book.'
b"people are saying that you've paid her to write it."
b'another immigration speech. what are you going 2 say this time? you will give every illegal 1 million each & amnesty.'
b"a plan is still better than no plan... what's your plan and how you paying for it?"
b'a river branch from mississippi to colorado river to end drought in the south west? nothing is impossible. w. love.'
b'ass hole stop asking for black voters to support your lying ass.'
b'because everybody knows you are a threat to everyone in america'
b'before you can ever say that you are the best candidate to be president take a look at your flaws first and make it better'
b'better she has friends and respected from every corner of the earth. no one likes u. those in ur camp are opportunist.'
b'better talk to your dr. he is not doing you any good this afternoon.'
b'boasts about his philanthropy. but his giving falls short of his words. - the washington post'
b'but you are a horrible person, so if they did not say horrible things about you they would not be sharp or honest.'
b"cancelling 3 campaign events? perhaps he's not well or does not have the stamina. have to question his health."
b"can we somehow engrave my name on one of the bricks used to build the wall? i mean, mexico's paying for it, so why not?"
b'claims he is speaking subtly about unification in an arena where they scream " hang that bitch! " with now pushback from him.'
b'hey cnn, what the heck are you doing, did you make this up?'
b'hey trump asshole. if you are going to make fake pictures like this at least get the words lined up even moron'
b'so basically, you dont know whom is documeting you.. ok, how about deciding on a moderator so we can have a debate'
b'why is ur response always so childish. "i know you are but what am i" is all you have.'
b'colorado governor did great with legalizing marijuana but horrible with health insurance. replace obamacare on federal level'
b'concentrate on america not what the press and the news is saying they know how to push ur buttons and you are letting them'
b'consider these words from jesus christ. " for what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and to lose his soul? "'
b'could you possibly lie any more without catching on fire real republicans are outraged quit'
b'whoever came up with "draintheswamp" should be fired or shot it\'s so trailer trash'
b'dear donald, you would be a great president if you used your god given gifts correctly. first show unconditional love\xf0\x9f\x92\x9c\xf0\x9f\x99\x8f'
b'if that is true, then the usa really will be messed up!'
b'did you miss the counts during the d. c.? he lost fair and square. stop bring up old news. you are not a good person.'
b"does not provide insurance 4 his employees?? shouldn't need obamacare! so what's he going 2 offer a\xe2\x80\xa6"
b'if julian assange is lying, why is john kerry and the cankle-one trying so hard to silence him?'
b"you gotta use mr vaughn's story more. he is a real inspiration to americans."
b"is trump's opinion on obama's birth relevant to the campaign & future of america?no. why is hrc obsessed w/it?"
b"do not alter your first thought on the 2nd am. you aren't wrong."
b'dont fall for it trump hes just kissing your ass'
b'do not know if you already heard about the 650 thousand emails on a.weiner computer,in a folder called life insurance.'
b"do not you see what the feds. are doing? they're sitting the elections up so they can get involved and have their outcome!"
b'drop out of the race or you and your whole family goes to jail! this is your final warning you piece of shit!'
b"drugs are ruining the lives of young people and destroying their futures. vote trump and let's save our children."
b'dude you probably do not even run your own house. just stop talking.'
b'election right around the corner now putting some distance on the rest of the pack'
b'why they never talked about the mother of benghazi victim but focused of muslim victim? america is doomed'
b'even jesus visited bethany after 4 days. if you a bible reading person, you would know what i am talking about. no golf then'
b'fact : you are a terrible human being. drop out now.'
b"farmer round table - you failed to mention hillary's pro-carbon tax which will be imposed on farmers and middle class."
b'he will not he has made the division based on color n religion'
b'feel bad for all the black voters out there who have once again become victims to the democratic party.'
b'for a 70 year old you can stay up late lmao. my grandparents go to bed at like 8pm'
b'how about go to another news station? oh i forgot they ask you real questions.'
b'i heard you on fox. stay calm in that debate. go trump!'
b'ever wonder why democrats, mook or killary, either smile or laugh when they are lying.'
b'fuck off im tired of seeing ur shitty ads on my twitter. ur face looks like a wrinkly ass dick shut your mouth'
b'fuck you trump. you are just a puppet of the elites who think you are nothing but a sack of shit to control. lap dog.'
b'give it up trump. time to stop embarassing america. the real americans are not fooled by your lies.'
b'giving health insurance companies control will not create lower rates.we will all have to be on medicaid.'
b"go fuck yourself donald, if you think your going to win check again. america's had enough racist creeps"
b'going to lie to him as you do to everyone else!!'
b"go kill your self that's how you'd make america great again"
b'good move with no comment today. if you watch the video? hillary gets dragged into the van.'
b'wht part of th law are you missing?! only legal citizens are allowed 2 vote in usa elections! thts y voter id mandatory'
b'hah, jobs elsewhere or using foreign imports... and you will kill the middle class and help the rich.'
b'happily consumes conspiracy theories from the enquirer, then says ny times does not have the right to lie.'
b'has more twitter followers than number of people who watched'
b"has struggled his entire life trying to put a single sentence together. he's functionally illitera\xe2\x80\xa6"
b"hate to be picky, but isn't saying what isn't demonstrably true part of your campaign speeches? wondering how you parse it."
b'i could be wrong you could have just been making deliveries again'
b'hello sir.. you will loose not becoz hillary is good but of your own talks.. while it is still time focus on speaking growth.'
b'he should be worried about what the people of europe think about his views'
b'hi donald. i am a big redskins football fan. i respect american indians. do you have any policies protecting their heritage?'
b"answer the question that's never been asked, why aren't you friends anymore?"
b'i am not as concerned with the drooling sleepy face dummy as i am the folks trying to carry her to the white house'
b"illegal immigration is a crime but not of their children's. if their children are criminals, they must go."
b'udefended a rapist & set him free. you truly have sold ur soul! the ad with little girls you are victimizing'
b"hillary has not laid out any plan. she just talks about trump's. then the media dose the rest."
b'hillary is using the communist tactics. you have to call her out and keep the pressure on.'
b'hillary will take us to a place where this is ok. talk about insulting to women!'
b'choosing between you sorry fucking is like getting cancer or being shot in the fucking abdomen'
b'hilry keeps falling down rhats not good and speaks volumes of health conditions and we need no more embarassment from her'
b'how bout those taxes, how bout reveal how many tricks the wife turned, or how bout trump you financials'
b'how can i vote for a man who knows nothing about black ppl in america. i will never vote for a man like you.'
b'how ironic if you win and get convicted of sex crimes? calling hillary crooked does not hide the fact that are crooked'
b'i am so pissed off i can not find all the alleged hillary supporters yet the msm claim they exist where are they?#votetrump'
b"i'd be there protesting if a family member weren't having surgery on tuesday."
b"i'd like to release my tax returns to show america how poor economy has ruined me & also prove the incompetency of the irs."
b"i do not to do that just be observation for that sir, uh it's that the true for that you see that."
b'i dunno. they seem to do really well just quoting one of your stump speeches and running with that.'
b"i feel bad for america, that country is fucked either way if you become president or if hilary does. you're both useless."
b"i feel the need to add you're an idiot to my list of violent, racist, narcissist psychopath. pick one you are any or all."
b'if i mysteriously "die" within the next couple days or weeks, i die for you! clinton can not shut me up!'
b'if people can not figure you out they will not vote for you. think before you tweet'
b'if that means you promise to move to the uk forever and never come back, i promise to vote for you.'
b"if the blacks & latino's think the dems have their interest at heart they had better wake up. all they want is your vote"
b'if this guy was at ur speech can you image how the media would destroy you but they give hillary a pass'
b'if you win you know someone gonna assinate you right.'
b'if you are elected president wait when you are elected president will it be easier to get a job for us legal citizens?'
b'if you are going to everest, you should be visiting some tribes. that being said, i am not sure why you are visiting wa.'
b'if you could just get into the details a little more.'
b'if you really care about america and the people that live here you will stop being so mean and angry. such ugly behavior.'
b"if you run usa like you ran your real estate business, you'll make america greatly bankrupt, worse than great depression"
b'if you start insulting treasonous hillary in the presidential debates you will lose by a land slide.'
b'if you vote for your just as stupid as she is. lying bitch.'
b'i have a solution, its not a wall.. just need to hear my idea... i can help you win.. good luck.. you got this'
b'i hear people say it makes no difference to vote you or but i disagree as the press are clearly against you'
b'i hope you win but it seems to much against you i am sorry to say. you could win the popular vote but lose the electoral.'
b"i'll vote for you if you pay my student loans"
b'i love how non-pc you are. thanks for keeping it real'
b'i am assuming our dumbass governor made you say this'
b"i am one of the working class who has been screwed by the obama administration financially i can not help hopefully i'mhelping"
b'i am sure you will not have 15 % of their vote.'
b'your daily reminder that you are rich white trash, and your supporters are trash too.'
b'in the cattle business, sometimes each land owner puts up their own fence.'
b'is a fucking moron & street thug. has zilch stature to hold the office of potus. should be in jail.'
b'is a great man, gave a great speech and will make a great president.'
b'is a morbidly obese racist piece of shit. his mail order cunt bride has smaller tits than him'
b'is a ny lib from way back. hopefully he stops spreading his hate message and tells republican to fuck off!'
b'is a super amalgamation of every florida man ever to exist.'
b'i saw pics. my buddy was there. he looks like a shark tore him in half so they viped him entrance to get out of the heat.'
b'is in this for and no one else.'
b'is more generous than anyone knows & he never wants credit for giving.'
b'is not really a billionaire, he is rich but not that rich. he said "self fund my campaign\' a big lie.'
b"isn't. he believes he should get special treatment compared to everyone else"
b'is the good guy is the bad guy, as adults try to wrap your mind around it...'
b'i think trump jr had it wrong about the skittles... i believe it would be about 50 poison skittles not 3'
b"it's media control. image and reality are being distorted to gain political advantage."
b'it will be easier for a hump - back camel to go through the eye of a needle, then you and your kind'
b"i've been posting on fb about the mother that fell to her knees in her lr when she heard you finally someone's listening."
b'i want you and your corn stalk hair to block me'
b'i would love to meet you, but only to tell you how bad of a person you are.'
b'just go home & call it a day. you lose'
b"when nobody can tell you're sarcastic, you're just an asshole who is too self-righteous to apologize."
b"keep fighting. i can not believe she's not in jail for all her criminal acts already. i lost count how many it is exactly."
b'keep visiting the africa american. speak with black youtubers. its not over.'
b'when you say hillary voted 4 the war the public knows so did pence & sessions you look foolish'
b"knows how to stop housing discrimination because of how many times he's committed it. why isn't that part of his pitch?"
b'let me be perfectly clear this year the polls are not accurate - i receive 10+ poll calls a day & will not respond to any'
b"let's hope so, she has some under a spell"
b"lies more then no other. not once have i understood to say she wants america's guns, only weapons of war."
b'listen to she gave a great resp on to counter the 50 traitors who signed the open letter. use this'
b'look to columbia and overseas. it can always be flown in too.'
b'lowering gas prices by supporting new energy source conpanies? education? who would you give your primary tax cuts to?'
b'make the land, air and water dirtier, give tax relief to the rich and rich corporations, screw the middle class, give&gt;'
b'maybe she could use the sleep before running the show for the next 8 years.'
b'maybe sleeping or trying to get her lies in a row. or counting the millions she made while secretary of state. pay for play'
b'maybe they can all go to federal prison together'
b'millions are following you in order to witness your humiliation and implosion, idiot. do not pretend not to know that.'
b"amen to that.. dems have ruled baltimore since 42' & have not fixed many if not most of bmore's problems."
b'more fake checks in the mail as you sop in business. real businesses do not cheat people and pay their bills. you are scum'
b"more like flush the toilet it's time for brexit baby"
b'mr president you are not listed in all the 52 states, your name is missing from the ballots. you have 3 days to fix that'
b'mr trump monday you will have to actually answer questions not just say " do not speak about it any more" are you scared?'
b'my friend says you have gigantic fucking daddy issues, care to comment?'
b'my neighbors have taken your yard sign down and have not put it back up. loser!'
b'do you ever stop name calling? are you 5 years old?'
b'blame it all on hillary. one wonders when a man of your age and stature, will take responsibility.'
b'needs to ask hillary the same question at the debate.'
b'never in a trillion years will you win never in a trillion years will you be our president.'
b"except they were republican bush's friends and it was saudis on those planes."
b'no 3 day naps for us! we are all listening. i talk 2 every person around me in ny. rochester. i can not find a hillary supporter'
b'no if elected and we survive your single term you would. oh yeah & all problems were obamas fault'
b'no one got hurt. ny finest did a great job'
b'nope you started racist conversations talking about president obama right out the gate'
b'not as big as your hackergate you know nsa knows thanks to the blackweb you are involved, they said leaks coming out at debate'
b'not employed but my wife and i would love a couple of hats or a yard sign or bumper sticker'
b"no thanks! i would rather flush my money down the toilet than donate to you. use ur own that's what you boasted about. liar"
b'not sure how ads are false or media is unfair when they show you speaking your own words. words of hate and inequality.'
b'now i need to troll you harder than your dick can get with viagra'
b'no you can not make america great again. only the people can with tolerance, respect, pulling together, helping each other.'
b'if you do not like what nyt writes then - buy it. put up or shut up.'
b'ok you want records released. how about those tax returns. i think you owe the american people some answers.'
b"omg everyone talks shit behind closed doors. we love you donald. make america great!!'"
b'only wants to cancel the election so he will not be exposed as a'
b'yes. people enjoy watching you put your big fat foot in your mouth every time you speak!'
b'out of your own mouth you said some foul sh*t about women, and now there are accusers? how stupid are you?!?!'
b"let it go! you have all the support that's as good as it gets. not even negative ads could make him feel worse."
b'pence does not seem to anyways agree with your so called plans. has his own... maybe he wants to be president.'
b'sir, do not forget tomey has to cover his own ass in case you are elected.'
b'please denounce the hateful acts people are doing "in your name" some people feel that they can do what they want. thanks'
b'please stop talking about black people. you know nothing, you lie, and we remember what you did!'
b'pls just stop don\xc2\xb4tbecome president of the usa and become a mcdonalds employee so you won\xc2\xb4t destroy the whole planet. thx'
b'politics is not about " excitement " you idiot, it\'s about having a plan (which you do not ) to move us forward.'
b'poor as you say. your not shit but a wig wearing big mouth bastard. your a joke to the usa. all you have is money and'
b'poor pathetic michael moore still can not see the forest for all the trees. clinton is a nightmare for the working class'
b'probably because he is another rich man, when are the white working class learned that they were dissed'
b'did not call you brilliant moron he called you flamboyant ask'
b'put it on tv prime time every hour of every day!'
b'really? because all we hear from you is empty rhetoric with no real solutions or proposals. need to hear a plan, man!'
b'really tells the dishonest bribery story and what they do not want us the people to know'
b"refuses to release tax returns because his net worth has fallen 60 %. that's what all the best sources are saying."
b'release your tax returns so we know who your bosses are.'
b'remember mitt was up 5% and still lost from no late advertising in last two weeks. make a infomercial for that time. maga!'
b'replace with what? will it cover my pre-existing conditions? leave it the fuck alone.'
b'do you really want someone that\'s gone backrupt so many times run your " business ", or ruin it.'
b'the media is trying really hard to push the tax story during the clinton foundation fbi investigation'
b'running the country is not like running a business. you can not fire americans for disagreeing with you without becoming a &gt ;'
b'sad is that they allowed a scam artist and a fake to destroy them. unworthy trump'
b'sad news for you :america is great! we do it every day and we will continue to be great without you.'
b'sad that those heroes would have no voice in the msm except for you.'
b'saying hrc has mental issues. this coming from a man who has short circuited from day one.'
b'says he loves country yet does everything possible 2 keep from paying a dime in taxes. he wants you 2 carry the burden'
b'go back to miss universe you are not a future president! just a joke you are'
b'prominent republicans are openly withdrawing their support to you ; how do you cope with that?'
b'see it daily in az. cartel use kids to bring drugs over daily.'
b'see, no one is "whistling dixie" here when they tell that the majority of come from the'
b"she can give a good coherent speech, unlike yours. it's just that you only listen when its about you."
b'she does not want to take away guns, donald! stop spreading lies and fear mongering vitriol!'
b'shut the hell up you damn loser! you went for a photo op which i think was a big fail idiot the polls are worse for you!'
b'sir the debates are all you should be thinking about.'
b'sit all of the women bill clinton raped in the front row!'
b'smiling and waving at the 9-11 memorial as if it were a campaign rally - he is a'
b'so glad that you continue to out the atrocities that call themselves " the media ". there day will come'
b'sorry to hear that you have slim chance to come to power though we all know that you are the better one.'
b'so sad and irrelevant you feel compelled to talk about him? scared much?'
b'primary sources of pride are things most people try to avoid their entire lives.'
b"state facts. it's a buffet with mrs. clinton. pick a problem my god! you are better than this and you damn well know it!"
b'stick to the issues or take a chance of losing the election.'
b"such a gross piece of shit. you're as pathetic as yr campaign. what in the world is wrong with you, please stop tweeting smh"
b'suggest you make a speech about blatantly biased media - the failure of journalistic ethics. make it an issue-cite the worst.'
b'suggest you use hrc screaming video " why am i not 50 points ahead of trump " in a clever ad... turn the tables!!!'
b'sure thing right after you release your taxes like hillary and every candidate has done since nixon, what are you afraid of?'
b'surprised the clinton camp of cnn did not blame you for it'
b'take care of social security, put back the money taken from it to fund other programs. government should be ashamed.'
b"there is a tweet on twitter saying it's hillary's double by her index finger"
b'thank you for being the first person to tell the truth about the bombing yesterday. vote trump!'
b'thank you for stepping up for the american people. we need a true leader like you in these tuff times.'
b'thank you!!! obamacare is killing the middle class my deductible is so high and my payments go up every year'
b'that is legacy of the last republican president who all you republicans conveniently forget about. war cost how much? hmm'
b"that same epidemic hit indiana an brought hiv with it gov pence could've stopped it earlier but didn't. great choice for vp"
b"that's because you're mentally ill. please drop out and seek help."
b'the audio on the fb live stream mess up some women talking trash about you over your voice just a heads up.'
b'the campaign is an audition to the american people about your problem solving skill set. show the people you it.'
b'the construction workers that worked on his his properties how much money he stole from them high puts a lot of them'
b'the crooked "h" wants too much control over the people like all dems.'
b'the heroin is coming from afghanistan and is guarded by us troops. are you going to stop this? say yes.'
b'the media and est havent seen anything yet. our movement is just starting.'
b'the only reason you stopped watching was because they only ever said the truth about you.'
b'the people on subsidies think they will be kicked off obamacare with no plan under you. what do you tell them? 90% of fl?'
b': the presidential election version of cicadas : emerging every sixteen-odd years to annoy the hell out of anybody with ears.'
b'the president of the philippines is threatening war with china over this issue. china is building man made islands.'
b"there are posts on facebook today showing obama's real birth cert from kenya and a video of him telling he was born kenya"
b'the voices in your head do not count as " many people ". where are your tax returns?'
b'they are saying you want to destroy the planet burning coal with co2 emissions. i would not say that, but they are.'
b'they have. for someone that is all over the news you are consistently ignorant'
b"they say you've made the pivot, but i agree with you... it'll never happen. you're now just reading kellyanne's words."
b'they show the crowd and sometimes they zoom in close enough to these morons so i could pick them out of a lineup'
b"thinks african-americans are ignorant - that's his basis for pandering to them now. but he's wrong."
b'this from the guy who gets his talking points from what " some people " are saying.'
b'this is why you should not be president. also, you hate blacks, so, we will not be voting for you.'
b'this plan is no different than what all presidents claim they will when they get in the'
b'trashing the media, when the media built him up! the issue is that a monster was created!'
b'trump has built up new york city for years he has no financial reasons to serve except to serve'
b'trump i am seriously worried you need to fuck shit up and fast!'
b'trump voters do not care how much money he has. we just believe his policies as president will make are lives better.'
b'trump, you must send out a message that you do not condone the actions of those who are harassing minorities.'
b'try community service for illegals that you are going to let stay if they turn themselves in. no food stamps/welfare/etc'
b'trying to find reasons to vote for you ; you make it hard. i will not vote for hillary, so please apply filter before speaking.'
b'tweets bout nykea aldridge & is called selfish. who else will call out the black on black high crime in chicago?'
b'you are unfit for the office physically and me fall i whack job! fat ugly orange pig running for president!'
b'you have 2 use viagra 2 get it up old man go play with borris you both pigs with yellow hair'
b'you lie way more than that and you dont seem to care, so who the fuck you think you are to judge others?'
b'you love child molesters? maybe you are a child molester - you have a famous molester in your reserved seats'
b'under your watch will the african that is unjustly murdered get justice if the murderer is a cop?'
b'united states, and you sons will not b on the front lines, other peoples sons and daughters will be forced to defend you'
b'very true! we love you not just on trade, but on cleaning up politics!'
b'stop your whining election is yours to lose start doing commercials and ppl on the ground y are you waiting'
b'wait until i put your cock sucker supporters through the anti-christ test. the fear will be much harder to manipulate'
b'your secret is you rape women. i do not think any one cares about emails when you are a sexual predator'
b'we do not need the government to tuck us in and tell us bedtime stories, impose curfews, or infringe our life choices.'
b'we need you so bad for the next potus or our country may not be the same. crooked h is only in it for herself you are 4 us'
b'we wish no death to anybody... hillary is sick and should go and rest at home. trump will become the president'
b'we (your fans ) are getting concerned that you will not win. please make sure you do whatever is needed to win!'
b'what about your tax returns doe when we gonna get those?'
b'what did everyone except but a lie.she can not fart without telling a lie.'
b'what exactly, would you done for her? you are classless turning her death into politics. shame on you.'
b"what happens tonight if hrc's brain short circuits as it has multiple times on campaign trail? will that aide inject her?"
b"what i mean is that those in the nuclear medicine community should get together and vote democrat. obvious, isn't it?"
b'what would happen if we did not lock our doors to our homes night? someone can come in and steal from us. well the cont:'
b'when you gonna pay back the saudi and russian money lil donny?'
b'where are the 32+ benghazi survivors? where are they being held and why? ask killary that question at the debate.'
b'where are those " detailed " medical records? a letter written in a taxi by your doctor in 5 minutes is not enough.'
b'where do you get your info? or do you just keep lying to folks who you think are stupid? not one minority will vote for you'
b'where you have a seat at the right hand of that father'
b'why are you telling people to vote gop? your against gop yourself!'
b"why does donald trump even go for president? he will destroy our economy. vote if he should or shouldn't be president."
b'why doesnt the media ask why on 10 percent given away from clinton foundation a disgrace'
b'why doesnt usa have a health system like our nhs in the uk? obamacare is a disaster. who can afford 25% increase?'
b'why is no one talking about djt raping and beating a 13 yrold? he should be in jail. google and read there is a witness too'
b'why would anybody want a fake, backstabbing, racist person as their president? you need some new pr people'
b'why would you use bobby jindal he destroyed our charity hospitals tried to close su. bad move for middle class and poor'
b'will send our kids off to war, then thrash their moms when the kids do not come back. he can not be commander in chief'
b'will sweep the floor of this witch hillary clinton and her lies and tricks tomorrow with her own broom'
b"with all the dumb things hillary says- pretty soon you'll have to do a david lettermen like segment at rallys called"
b'would you life to come to my house for shabbat dinner? this friday night, i would be honoured! trump 4 jews'
b'wrong! if it were rigged you would not have been the nominee. no republican wanted you.'
b'yeah by you... you want to win by default. hate hillary more than me... pathetic. can not win on your own accord.'
b"yea things were about to change in cuba if it wasn't for potus"
b'yep thats why she also failed the bar exam 1st time around! she is an idiot!'
b'yes, jay letterman may have thrown a low blow withtrump attire, opportunity to take it back to the us, not made in china.'
b'yes stay honest & never hillary never obama. america needs you. keep your heart on the pulse of america and keep focused white smiling face'
b'yes you will make it in the hell thumbs down sign'
b'yes we are. so many people at the rally. amazing'
b'yes you are. i canceled our local newspaper, called and told them why.'
b'you addressed the lack of common sense spending of tax dollars. please include more of this in your rallies.'
b"you are as predictable as the pus&sy in the 8th grade with a big mouth that isn't showing up at the fight after school"
b"you aren't quit trying to be. you can say his words but they ring hollow from a racist blowhard like you"
b'you are one crazy scare me. i am not younger i am a 61 years old who knows crazy when she sees it'
b'you are rambling again... maybe you need to get that checked by a real doctor.'
b'you are signing up your own election observers? voter intimidation mean anything to you? put an end to this mess'
b'you are the biggest liar that has ever run for office. a terrible role model for young people. do not underestimate hillary'
b"you are the only one that will help the middle class. you're the only one that lowers taxes and will create jobs."
b"you are the only presidential candidate i've been eager to vote for and to see in office."
b'you can not do that because it will expose children to preventable disease.'
b'you can not repeal it without a supermajority in congress you fucking dummy!'
b'you caved in for people that will never support you. they get what they want then they call you a flip-flopper.'
b"you constantly dodge questions! why? because you are ignorant and have no idea what's real and what you've made up."
b"you disgusting fucking asshole. couldn't wait to exploit the death of someone's child, could you? you suck at being human."
b'you do not have to raise taxes if we quit spending wastefully and get back on budget. as a ss recipient i cut back to live'
b'you gonna have to spend some of that money. i am voting for you in november. get them adds out can not rely on donations alone'
b"you keep sticking your foot in your mouth. let's be honest here."
b'you managed to lose many latino voters though. thankful that the diversity vote is smart enough to see through don the con'
b'you must explain how you are going to deal with the rio grande river which is a shared u. s. border with mexico! forgot it?'
b"you must think if you say it enough it will just automatically come true. mexico isn't paying for a fucking wall, dumbass."
b'you need to read matthew 12:25-26. a house divide against it self can not stand. you need the republican to win.'
b'your a clown trump you are so low end pathetic piece of garbage'
b"you're a joke and a big dummy. a lot of people are saying that."
b"your economic policy is a joke. you're a hack and a disgrace"
b"you're not even a republican, can not believe you've conned so many.. really well done! you must be laughing ur ass off."
b"you're not gonna win. i do not get why you just will not give up already. you're making america and yourself look like fools."
b'your failure will be the best news that every other nation could possibly get. it must get worse before it gets better.'
b'your going to get your tail beat america is great'
b"your peeps sure are scared you'll be fact check monday night. could they know you lie, lie, lie, alot!"
b'your strategy to include minorities is great. please make it genuine by taking it to inner cities and churches.'
b"you say you will do everything you say you will do. when is this supposed to begin? it's not really your style. you lie."
b'you should remove your cap when you address a crowd. it shades your eyes ; revealing your eyes communicates honesty.'
b'you wanna make america great how about helping out homeless vets'
b'you will lose this election by your own doing!'
b'you will never fix this system and you just want to votes to win the election'
b'you will never identify with minorities. you spent a year being disrespectful and now you want our votes crunch time!'
b'how so? what part of prep school and silver spoons make you think the don knows what its like to skip meals?'
b'- everything you need to know about getting started in real estate investing -'
b'real estate investing information you need to know'
b'thanks for sharing real estate informer, have a great friday smile (insight by'
b'real food - exercise - sun - rest - vision - passion - connection - fearlessness - happiness - love'
b'real football weather for a really good game tomorrow night. gonna be a cold one!'
b'real friends get in there for a good boob-smooshing hug. none of that one-armed back patting sh*t.'
b'realised who my true friends are'
b'reality is nothing but a simulation of the mind...'
b'realized i just stalked tf outta carmen & blew her shit up with likes lol oops. i love you hehe face savouring delicious food face throwing a kiss'
b'realizing how childish and petty everyone in highschool is, lord knows i cant wait to graduate.'
b'realizing who my true friends are very quickly'
b"realizing you're stuck babysitting a crazy ass kid... (vine by )"
b'lmfao yes i love him i make signs for him all the time lol'
b'is just a way to reciprocate the effort on this epic album. much more is to come! thanks for it! ilysm'
b'and thanks to you love! thanks for making us feel special everytime. we love you! heavy black heart'
b"congrats liam! so proud of you guys. it's such a great album. you guys deserve smiling face with open mouth"
b'congrats on another no 1 album! i am so proud of you guys! keep up the great work! i love you black heart suit'
b"hi angel! i love you so much, you're amazing, thanks for everything can you follow me and make me very happy? crystal ball"
b"im proud of you all. you're doing great! now, i read some other tweets to you... i gotta splash my eyes with holy water."
b"i am so proud of you boys great work on the album it's absolutely my fave writing and vocal wise i love it so much!"
b'i am very proud of you and the other guys. you did a great job, the album is amazing, always be with you 33'
b"it sounds amazing that's why we love it you guys made a great record as always black heart suit"
b'its so great'
b"i hope you're having a great day smiling face with smiling eyes just wanted to say is amazing! follow me? love you! heavy heart exclamation mark ornament"
b'congrats! you did a great job! i love you so much! you deserve a kiss from me'
b"so proud of you guys! deserves to be no. 1 everywhere because it's truly a great album! congrats!"
b'such a great album'
b'this album is soooo good! it makes me happy! so thank you these great songs! love xx'
b'you deserve it liam! we are so proud of you and this perfect album! thanks for all!'
b'you guys made an amazing job with this album and you deserve it! :). we are a great team'
b'you guys truly deserve it, thank you for the great music smile'
b'real life relationship goals smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x92\x91'
b'really canceled my dick appointment for the bitch unamused face'
b'really do not care about my mums holiday but she persists to tell me every little detail'
b"really do not know, head is everywhere it's constant stress i do not need this got more things to stress over. i shouldn't even be stressed pensive face"
b"really do not think there's anything worse than knowing you're having a negative impact on the life of someone you care about"
b'really excited about transfer deadline day'
b'really excited for all this snow'
b'really excited for the gathering tonight! the chapel band is singing and recording their whole album. go if you love worship!'
b'really excited to be doing some work experience next week at a primary school! good'
b'really excited to play k -state, old big 12 rivalry. my whole family will be there. "'
b'really excited to play vs my good friend tomorrow'
b'really excited to see all of you in nyc on sunday! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f tickets for the show + am &g are still available at white right pointing backhand index'
b'really excited to see my gfs tonight smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b'really felt wintery today sooo excited for christmas!'
b'really getting tired of waking up and not being able to breath. let alone not falling back alseep. mylife'
b'really going to just avoid my roomates at all costs, i do not need this stress when i am already stressed tf out'
b'really got arrested just for fighting? sleeping face sleeping face'
b"really great song if you're into this type of music if not it's still a great song"
b'really has not got too cold yet... i am shocked face with tears of joy'
b'really hate long bus rides, all i do is think'
b'really intimidated because we the Keycap Digit One'
b'really just laying in the dark tho'
b'really looking forward to dressing up tonight'
b'really looking forward to football this weekend!'
b'really looking forward to having absolutely nothing to do tomorrow smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'really looking forward to some pond hockey'
b'really looking forward to thanksgiving this year because i will not have to explain what junior hockey is to any of my relatives.'
b'really looking forward to the awards. just need to decide on a dress! can i wear both?!'
b"really looking forward to and this weekend & she's going to look stunning in that dress!"
b'really looking forward to the weekend'
b'really looking forward to work later'
b'really looking forward to work today'
b"really made my day. maybe we aren't all doomed?"
b'really makes me angry that i do not have a girlfriend and i only think about the boys. i gotta find a balance'
b'really my mind is the only thing thats up right now'
b"that's so funny... i love it linda"
b'really not feeling good, so taking nyquil and going to bed.'
b'really not looking forward to dressing up for beaujolais smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'really not looking forward to tomorrow. i am not into this whole " dress up day " thing at all.'
b'really not motivated to do shit right now. i have a writing assignment and i still havent started yet loudly crying face'
b'really proud of this man! so excited for this show to air! i miss & love him like crazy. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'really sarcastic when dealing with idiots.'
b"really scaring reading the list anonymous have released... just in case it's true i say better safe than sorry"
b'really sick, busy and tired lately! but the show most go on!'
b"really sick of him wasting his talent and nobody checking him for it over saturating the industry w music that's the same as every1 else's."
b'really sick of jigglypuff cosplayers who dont actually give enough of a shit to surgically alter their bodies to look like jigglypuff'
b'really sick of my mum this weekend. was hoping for an afternoon at home, but no. she hanging around'
b"really sick of the guardian's anti corbyn campaign. stopped for all of 5 secs & now it's back, albeit in a less obvious guise."
b'really sick & tired of seeing the fishing industries rubbish on beaches, clean up your act and stop polluting!'
b"really think that's attractive?. you're not even a third part of a real man."
b'really tired, like i been at the shop all freaking day! weary face'
b'really want to go on a road trip with my friends but i am broke, i do not have a car, and i have to go to school'
b"really wishing i did not work today bc it's raining and i just wna stay curled up in bed watching love movies"
b'real madrid defending worse than arsenal, what a day of football.'
b'real men embrace the women who know they are'
b'real mother fucka like me got frost bite on his heel and do not give a fuck'
b'you are appallling with your comments towards charlotte hope she kicks your butt!'
b'oops! sorry for all the typo but i am pretty sure that you understand what i mean hehehe smile smile lotza love always ;-) ting'
b'how do you average a freethrow and a half in high school \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\xad'
b'not with 5 y/a. kellen had 10 y/a and moved the ball well in the rz. needs to learn the offense.'
b'or win it. they win more than they lose...but no mention of that.'
b'unfortunately come draft time there\'s nobody there to put a gun to your head and say "make good choices"'
b'when you attack someone or say something expect somebody to say something bad and do not get upset about it'
b'realtalk : the worst nightmare in my life is have slept with anaconda.,. and i thought it was a kind snake but'
b"reason i wanna go back to virginia : for the cold weather. it's too hot down here."
b'reason i will never be in ole boys club do not drink beer do not smoke weed cigs cigars do not shame women yep just about covers everyone'
b'reasons why i like indoors better :1. comfy bed + binging shows = heaven 2. no awkward social contact 3. my singing sounds good in the shower'
b'reasons why i should never work all day on 4 hours of sleep : i end my shift with this on my screen'
b'reasons why we hate the rival school : they do not respect our schedule and interrupt us'
b"our apologies for any frustration. the release date isn't the same as the delivery date. thanks for writing!"
b'i feel terrible for ba, plays best game and throws 7 tds and loses. should never happen, i have hated on our secondary all year'
b'this episode was a major disappointment. sabine is my favorite character and i still did not like the episode.'
b'wilson danced like taylor swift at the amas via'
b'recent studies have shown, that masturbating twice a week increases life expectancy by 20 %. i have done the math. be jealous, i am immortal!'
b'recltube : bootypopping : this guy was literally wearing an oprah hoodie wow i cant believe you go to'
b'recovery network connections'
b'another great bit of business by united.'
b'thanks for following'
b'i say pop because i have swag'
b"i've floated the idea of having an office fight club to help release some frustration but no one takes me seriously"
b"i guess you're right. i just asked 3 females. they all said the same thing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'redneck insult any insult is always followed by bless his/her heart example shes dumber than a door knob bless her heart. wow'
b'red or blue do you as long as you getting rich'
b'oh i cant wait to retire lol... am 54 but early would be nice!'
b'great year for this plan, what with the incredibly strong draft class next year'
b'reduce training for five weeks and come back strong.'
b"you mean the professor at unc wasn't a republican?"
b'so excited to see you and alys at the hoey moey in coffs harbour in december! hopefully i can meet you for the first time! smile x'
b'the world could not handle us.'
b"sigh i guess you're right"
b"that's a great track"
b'referring to real estate investing, the best ideas are found here -'
b'ref finally stepped in and stopped the fight. shit was getting ugly!'
b"reflecting on l'ship journey this am. so thankful for those who have invested, coached, and encouraged me. thank you to all of you!"
b'zooms this looks so nice ray i cant wait to see more'
b'refugees can go home! 0bama said isis is under control. we have our own people and problems to worry about.'
b'regardless of how it goes down, life goes on'
b"you have no idea how embarrassing, rh. i think i've been genuinelyawful and creepy."
b'thank you i am very invested in this'
b'register now for the mix 104 christmas auction! bidding starts december 7. do not miss your chance to get some'
b'rehearsals from 8 -11. one week till showtime, then taking a week break so i could visit jersey then back at it again.. 3'
b'yes tita sure! i would love to update you lalo na if gsw is leading smiling face with heart shaped eyes road to 14 -0 hehehe smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lol that was my only good game'
b'related : what is " sportacular? " cc :'
b'relationships are stressful now days i jus want a peace of mind!'
b'relationships need : jokes face with tears of joy flirting face throwing a kiss time for each other clock face two oclock arguments pouting face loyalty closed lock with key great sex smirking face to keep it someone who listens ear love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f ring'
b'could not handle the distance horse racing'
b"re -loosing my twitter virginity. it's about time i messed around with the social bird of public media front facing baby chick"
b'i love the 1st day of a con and hugging all the freshly washed suits, that fresh fursuit smell. 3'
b'remedied my one hour of sleep on saturday with 12 hours of sleep sunday afternoon/evening/night. feel much better.'
b"remember europeans! if you're against uncontrolled mass immigration from mid -east war zones then you want kids to drown in the mediterranean"
b'remember kids : say no to drugs, be nice to your mum and diego costa is a massive twat.'
b'remember me? i dropped out of your high school and i drink too much but suddenly i am explaining what a caliphate is! " - facebook'
b'remember my love for giant dancing pikachus? well i am bringing it back'
b'remember that time i yelled " i love you andrew " at my show and he looked my way and said it back? i do! smiling face with smiling eyes 11. 14. 15'
b'remember that time when i was too scared to go to school cusof my teacher and then my mentor flipped out at me?'
b'remember the days when babas was always packed?'
b'remember when rudan nick and zach did there first meetup'
b'remember you are beautiful \xe2\x80\x94 thank you heavy black heart'
b"remember you're loved and you always will be. this melody will bring you right back home"
b're -mf -tweet " : i am so proud of our graduating class... "'
b'reminder : all wrestlers bring ua grey top and black sweat pants for pictures today after school. spread the word!'
b"that wb epic but i kind of doubt we'll get too saucy. i liked how they did - subtle but we knew they together"
b"hehe... you're right. i was so excited, and so fun to meet da new neighbors... now i am little bit tired, but all is fine, hehe!"
b'reply via bbm ya renee hihi'
b'reply please... loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"you're welcome, steve. you always have an interesting (and usually amusing ) take on things. keep it up!"
b'republicans must hate the middle class : the most startling revelation of the'
b'reset and make the most of your listen live : motherhood'
b'resistance bands set for home gym or physical therapy -3 performance... - | |'
b'so glad they did not tell me about going def. i could not handle that smile'
b'rest day face throwing a kiss'
b"rest in peace lennie you'll get ur dream. mice and men has got the feels loudly crying face"
b'rest in peace to my bestfriend, my brother monty. i gotta be strong for me & alex for you heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'retiring the tequila for the night, making my parents proud tho'
b'retweeted a3c 2015 can not get mad when is in the building. shout out to thestreetexecs for one'
b'retweeted bhavesh s mane (@iambmane ): you as leader always inspired to give our best. wishing you loads of'
b'retweet please'
b'reunited with bae plus a bouquet of flowers smile'
b'reunited with nancy! good her hair grew so much q-q she looked better with a well maintained hair!'
b'reunited w some of my hs friends good'
b'1 would not be surprised if it turns out that he spent some time in'
b"here's hoping he comes. a uk pm putting blame at carney's steady hands does not deserve his mind."
b'i wonder what the assets of over 60k people are worth in turkey. that would be interesting to find out.'
b'manufacturer right protect brand and they have right to file class action violation in federal court due the severity statement.'
b'please do not use this view of hrc again. i find it offensive. also find offensive any other view of hrc. thank you.'
b"says the woman who posted a video angrily raising her voice asking why she's not 25 points ahead."
b'there are times i wish somebody had groped me...'
b'yeah there goes the dishonest media reports yet again. she is losing & her e-mail scandals are revealing how disgusting she is.'
b'your article re the afghan teenager who committed suicide, he was not an asylum seeker, as sweden could not be the 1st safe country'
b'revellers on kings x party bus arrested after fighting with police this morning'
b'butt into my business and embarrass me in public? hope you enjoy unemployment.'
b'reverse mentoring in teaching and learning with digital media'
b"she did use playback... please tell me you're joking, but my reply indicates to all your lip sync tweets not just this one."
b'rev katie leads us in chapel this morning as we focus our thoughts to the christian saints ; those who overcome evil with love.'
b"||amazing. i know. ~ i've been getting better in the dms by rping with a few of my favorites. also. with the lewd stories -"
b'rewatching batman begins : bruce : " i am no executioner. " then kills 30 men in explosion, including the man he refused to execute.'
b'rewatching star wars new hope. this movie stands the test of time. hard to believe it was released in 1977. great movie'
b'rewatching the winter finale, can not get enough of this show!'
b'omg stop she is such a sweet person. like i swear to god that girl is gonna make it'
b'gw di rmh knpe?'
b"glad you're feeling better x"
b'ryne... you are talking out of your ass. call it a night dude. you know why that grass is greener... b/c shit on it'
b"how else can i listen to all the mp3's i downloaded in high school but forgot about in college?"
b'rhee brought it yesterday at her meet! 1st overall as a level 7! so proud of her and her work ethic!'
b'ha thank you smile'
b'ha i am at city quay just now, away to that physio! tbh you are more built than pirie mate'
b'thanks for picking me up a few, really now, you did not have too'
b'dont drink too much i dont wanna die'
b'the bike is at the mercy of the hands of the owner.. theres times for bonkers and theres times.'
b'rich aucoin - yelling in sleep'
b'that was so funny lol'
b'i am white i do not know these subtle differences'
b'nothing can help kasich anyways. nobody gets up in the morning and says " i am really excited that john kasich is running for prez "'
b'i am super excited about this event'
b'rick ross is coming to tomorrows pep really.'
b"does not the fact that brent is now a successful artist ruin the joke? he's had the last laugh."
b'wow voicing and oppion on twitter is now forcing it upon others face with tears of joy i best be quiet now'
b'from someone who knows every word of every office episode. life on the road was perfect. thank you.'
b"i'd like to pitch ' wild australia' with karl wilmington. enjoy your time here."
b'i really want that dancing brent emoji how do you get it?'
b"please do not make fun of the disableds is one of the best songs i've ever heard"
b'saw it on friday i almost pissed myself lol!'
b'her, "if we play spin the bottle in outer space how long would it take before you held me in your arms?"'
b'the memory of slough for me is like one of those painful pimples from sitting on a wallet all day.'
b"i really appreciate the that's so raven music thank you for blessing my ears o mighty lord"
b"what the actual fuck. they're no longer even being subtle about their intentions. it's more of a war now than ever"
b'and arsenal lost vs west brom! shitty saturday indeed'
b'riding a bike " nettles sting. mistakes hurt. but you can not learn to ride a bicycle without falling off. "'
b'riding that dick on some am shit! home video!'
b'rid yourself from at work with these 10 simple tips.'
b'right, and i am bout tired of these bandwagon, dick riding ass hoes!'
b'right?! good things come to those who wait. we thought we already loved'
b'right my college life is getting sorted out bleeding nightmare so far'
b'right. seeing signs of renewed confidence and the free flowing football we are capable of. like to know what costa is thinking'
b'yeah transeption blocked me before i was even roasting him lol he did it mid game'
b'just want to say thank you for adding me back on talk to you later. i am sure'
b"are you aware that caused such a scene that the pple who want me dead identified me?i backed off cause if the can not me they'll find u.."
b'is there anyone who know where is this photo?'
b'words can not describe all the love i feel for you. you mean so many things to me. thanks for enter in my life. love you'
b'calm down, i know thats hard to do when you are stressed, and you need to release frustration, but come at this calm and'
b"happy birthday beautiful! i hope you're having an amazing day so far! \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x8a \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'ring alarm clock with vibrating system : the alarm clock " ring " is specially designed by fandimeng designersfor'
b"waste of money, only man you would buy player back that ferguson never played coz nothing special! it's a joke."
b'gonna need to keep hoping rio coz does not look like coming from anywhere else on the pitch.'
b'i think a certain mr rashford has to be in and around the squad!'
b'whereas not 1 of them last night seemed bothered that it was happening. the desire to win more than your opponent.'
b"glad to know it's good. once i have finished rest of three final exams i definately know what i am going do. smiling face with open mouth"
b'rip chris lighty and prayers to his family/friends'
b'rip in peace the dream i guess then'
b"rip paul breuninger. love and light to his family. you'll always be our"
b'shame we can not share a smoke together sometime'
b'rip deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend and business partner chris lighty. he will be greatly missed. - 50'
b'rip to my cat pumpkin. persevering face'
b'what is the screening process? i do not care but think we should take care of our southern neighbors if we knew a cost?'
b"riverside students ' project leads to smoke-free park"
b'missed the point bro but hey ignorance is a bliss as the saying muslims =1st victims so far sadly sad'
b'. that was sarcasm. oh you can be the next bill murray! like if you agree or reply with or'
b'" yes, with breakfast. /after/ we both have a shower. stop being so difficult about it or i shall chain you to the shower wall. "'
b"you're not missing much. i am just slightly more of a lil bitch"
b'so maybe you got they help go away i do not like you i do not care if you ppl all you ppl live or die'
b"indeed. the grass isn't always greener on the other side."
b'rmms wins the parents as partners award at the so proud of the'
b're we need to talk about isis. if nz wanted to help it could :'
b'i am unemployed. laid off my last job after 13 years. time for a career change. training to be a trucker.'
b'rob always scaring me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy he always texting me outta nowhere like " we need to talk " and then telling me something that\'s not serious at all'
b'the most wonderful time of the year is on christmas tree'
b'i actually just laughed out loud on this one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'. aeron 2012: the lumbar support the middle class deserves'
b"sleepycast! it's a bunch a guys who's a fuckin bullshits"
b'wow that bed has no blankets. guess we just have to keep each other warm as best we can.'
b'not til after the morras game though. need him on his game tomorrow night too pls'
b'robert englund, the actor who portrays freddy krueger, says his favorite nightmare sequel is new nightmare. his least favorite is part 2.'
b"our first selfie! it's no awkward prom pic, but i think we came out cute! winking face"
b'robinson takes credit for securing the most generous deal on welfare in uk - sf will be interested to hear that.'
b"robin wright from 'house of cards ' has been cast in 'wonder woman '. likely playing queen hippolyta. i love her."
b"we did not ask to be in the air there. a d it's been nothing but hate. do not know how to respond to that message love."
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and business.'
b'thank you for your wonderful feedback. we really appreciate you taking time to share smile -^bh'
b'birmingham, day at the bull ring and cadbury world, taking my friend to hospital, hotel then home again mon morn!'
b'we both failed physics sophmore year, i think you got it mixed up'
b'robs singing is beautiful!'
b'rob who he shop wit dnt giv a fuck it ant my manz'
b'shaking in my boots already sir young smile'
b'you inspire me smiling face with smiling eyes can not wait to see you at convention beautiful'
b'rock & roll hall of famers, the yardbirds are back on tour,, check out they brought us jeff beck please retweet'
b'great job win it for me just got out of hospital had to go in to surgey going back monday prayers for me plz'
b"i have received 3 spam texts in the past days time now worry seems like there's a bot problem"
b'goodnight beautiful'
b'good for grammatical errors. honestly do not care right now. beyond happy i got to talk to her again.'
b'rolling into your insta feed on a sunday morning like.'
b'rolling over and not seeing your face in the morning sucks'
b'roll on lunch time. so hungry right now.'
b'tbh i am white so i had to tone down the lyrics'
b'romney has the support of a straight, rich, angry old white man. what a stretch!'
b'ronaldo? its still the beginning, stop playing dirty face with tears of joy'
b'ronaldo really intimidated me with that nonsense.'
b"i am so sad you were in my city and i wasn't able to see you. hopefully your next show!"
b'ron paul gave the the cold shoulder? you do not say... i am shocked.'
b"people are under some illusion that we get great weather here during the'summer '"
b"rosaparking : rnacintosh : rosaparking : im craving asparagus wtf is wrong with me it's better than"
b'the students were a delight. the parents were proud.'
b'good i bought all the books in one volume last year. 3'
b'roses are red, grass is greener. when i think of you, i play with my wiener!'
b'a guy punched mine out once cus his gf snogged me and i got a dyke to put it back in. xoxo'
b'a person on your show commenting about prejudices say we need to watch what we say, then comments " there were grandmas " tsk!'
b'god damn god damn you are the most incredibly beautiful wooman in the world god damn i love you face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy then i'll have to work on that a little more... smiling face with horns"
b'oh thank god i was secretly very invested in this game'
b'are you two actually dating or is that just part of the film and tv show?'
b"rosy's at the beach on : used to love this place but the food has gone way downhill. wedge salad was less than c"
b'rough night. not feeling good this morning.'
b'roundtable on global food security & climate change w/ several players'
b'roundtable on the paris attacks : is there a libertarian response? via &'
b'roundtable on us africa policy in the post obama era'
b"rowan's just such a lovable person, you just can not help it smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'and hops* your night will be great to. you mean ha face with tears of joy'
b'royalty free music at | work it out'
b'royalty free music for all your multimedia projects'
b'royalty -free studio quality beats at'
b'so is being really sick but thanks for your advice'
b'rrg my teeth ache so much! oh well anything for straight teeth.'
b'rs.. i hate my teacher guts for that'
b'rt 2mins of silence for those teenage girls. who believe that their 21yr old bf truly loves them.'
b'rt : t -ara reveals more teaser images for " sexy love "'
b'rt a slice of pizza a day keeps sadness away.'
b'rt booked seats for conjuring 2 near the door'
b"just do not know why he's so about getting of"
b'rt " dad i killed a guy today " ok " dad i lost the elections " wtf you disgrace! *indian politicians and sons *'
b"rt dear mobile twitter, stop snapping back to the top of my feed and making me scroll back down. it's really annoying"
b'rt dont know who created the dog filter of snapchat.. and why girls love it, it makes them look more uglier'
b'rt for a dm with hey violet heavy black heart must be following smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes do not beg please heavy multiplication x reply with the vote 5 seconds of summer \xf0\x9f\x90\xa7\xf0\x9f\x90\xb1 ~ georgia xxxx'
b'rt for a really sarcastic indirect free bc y not, brb. 5 seconds of summer'
b'rt hate it when i ask them for food and they accept. i was just saying it for formality you prick.'
b'rt he : i love you. me : mutual feelings. he : you love me too?! me : no, we both love me.'
b'rt hey you beauty are yu from turkey? helll no why? coz whenever i see yu i become so tharki'
b'rt if you failed the physics test'
b'rt i love the bus lot of nice people here see no evil monkey \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'rt i love you she : hahahahaha i cant stop laughing you be so funny face with tears of joy face with tears of joy **lol -zoned **'
b'rt i am a feminist but i believe in splitting the bill.'
b"rt it ain't nothing for me to do but to lean back and enjoy watching this hoe trow that ass back on me"
b'rt just found the worst page in the entire dictionary. what i saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest and disingenuous.'
b'rt me : i love you. crush : lol me : what? crush : just check your face in the mirror. me : lol'
b'rt me : i love you she : i need space me : i love you'
b'rt me : meri jaan, i love you. no one can separate us. imaginary gf : i have a boyfriend.'
b'rt nothing for me to do'
b'rt *sachin with his wife at hill station* sachin : ailaa! view! anjali : i love you too'
b'rt : sven945: honeycomb pizza for tea tonight i reckon (glassarmy )'
b'rt the best part of being in a relationship smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'rt this is absolutely saddening. my heart goes out to the victims who lost their lives & the 60 injured'
b'a team like leicester could easily choose something like " where winners are born " or similar. emotion key to west.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ahhhhh but i like banda more so i guess canelo right'
b'ruddock just got hit so hard he forgot what team he was playing for!'
b'gay is not an insult'
b're-read your tweet next time. its not an insult to be gay.'
b"rudy's bbq is always packed"
b"i love you! thank you for being educated and woke. you're the best ruhi smiling face with halo"
b'rule 1 do not expect to stay with your group, it will not happen just say yolo and hope for the best'
b'lol... you got it in one :), bed now night monkey see you some time soon at worky woo'
b'- i am sure mr raja rental would have a nice profitable scheme in mind'
b'rumor has it that will be saying hello from the record books again...'
b'rumour about me being held hostage is false. i was in mali yesterday. thank you for your concern. my prayers with those involved.'
b'running a 10k nonstop today without training was not one of my best ideas because now i literally can not walk'
b'i would if i lived closer! i need some encouragement myself!'
b'media night tomorrow night, looking forward to being able to attend this year, still need to figure out who i am picking though'
b'you are so funny lol!'
b'is 21 today. love you bud. do not puke in the house smile'
b'ryan fell asleep early and is spread across the bed. i am going to sleep on the couch out of love.'
b'could not handle the ale trail last night face with tears of joy'
b'with our extensive preseason training schedule +regular consistency of selection i think we should have started better.'
b"i love how he's praying for her health while he is the one that needs most prayers. such a good guy \xe2\x99\xa1"
b'good luck this season swag champ, just not against us lol'
b'yoga yoga yoga i like yoga and netflix and i like to yoga yoga i like yoga oh by the way yoga'
b'ryan seacrest says the last season of will bring back all the previous judges'
b'ryder - pretty little gangster'
b'kyuppa 3 i love you'
b'rylan might be coming tonight to see adam and when my mom told him that, he started crying cuz he was so happy'
b"aww that's awesome good for you!"
b"you're welcome! yes, i hope to see the match, because i do not know if i can. confused face thank you, we'll give our best to remain on top. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b"just sheffield, s6 isn't london... thought about holmfirth but came up too quickly, last saturday was great though"
b'aw snug and warm! i am in bed now with hot water bottle and two purring cats! sleep well!?'
b'the movie has left a lot to think over our society as a whole.'
b"sad af that we could be sleeping in a motel before the game tomorrow night, but instead we here. wish it wasn't over."
b"sad. even when louis marries his future wife and has football playing children, larries will still think he's in love with harry. face with tears of joy"
b'sad how some people do not realize the good people they have in their life'
b'have you ever heard tumko to aana hi tha in the rain? smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'sad ian bell lost form & been dropped, have loved his batting but right decision, only av 20 since his last century which is not enough.'
b'same and my bitchy photography teacher comes back monday and is gonna hate me bc my dad went off on him on email so fml lol'
b"sadly, the hidden valley titans volleyball team fell short in today's 3a state championship game against warhill."
b'sad seeing such a pretty face frown'
b'sad to see the current state of brussels. i was in belgium last year. wonderful city, wonderful country & great people. loved it there white frowning face'
b"sad when you only trust one mcdonald's in town for your food and they're always packed.. unamused face"
b'safe travels to everyone returning home from thanks for a successful meeting.'
b'safety issues with helminthic therapy'
b'yes i love freshly washed hair haha. sprays seem to be really popular though. i find either they smell too strong or feel bad'
b'sagol please, i eat with my hands! thanks to asif haider for sharing.'
b'said toddler got ink on her arm, from a still elusive source. when asked if she has a secret, she just laughed at me'
b'when i saw your tweet last night of you saying that, i laughed so hard!'
b'saints day tomorrow! then my birthday! smile'
b'adidas jeremy scott tubular size 8 brand new & authentic!'
b'sale how to create a successful blog at'
b': bout to buy my a fridge full of that for nights like this'
b'salnam were so close in this song! one of the best romantic song'
b'salty because my parents got the iphone 6s and left me hanging with my stupid android'
b'salute family always showing love'
b'thank you to all who are serving this great country!'
b':28. have you ever been heartbroken? " way too many times, lost many soldiers'
b'for me when i am fearful which i fearful of many things right now. its important for me to know god is still w/me/my loved ones'
b'i know but i just noticed it ha'
b'not a shape i could pull off without scaring the horses.'
b'smile but my eyes hurt so i am hittin the'
b'same for working out! there is a difference between a parent full of life vs parents who live long!'
b'same i love being dead af one direction'
b'same lol " : i want to lose my butt so bad sad "'
b'i did not enjoy it as much as some marvel stuff, tennant was great though, did not need 13 episodes imho'
b"sam hiii um you always have the best ratio and you're such a good friend i love you"
b'sam houston this weekend should be great hopefully face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"omg that's attractive"
b'- loosing your cambridge virginity what a time to be alive'
b"after it's a successful sale and you're home safe please text me the word waffles"
b'lol just dying over here watching the game face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9a\xab\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"sam malone's wig just did a subtle threat. said pole could do bad things if you post too much info. please harass his ass."
b'she was so in love with him hehehe'
b'ha i know right?! i loved that show!'
b': im so excited to be on slaybells fire its gonna be dope! " can not wait to meet you! see you in 9 days! smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b"you know that it's how the person takes the loss ; how they turn it into a life lesson to learn from is the true test of character"
b'sam smith was the bomb! suuuuuper amazing i can not even i swear i cried as in ahh -maaaazing loudly crying face thank you,'
b'pinky swear you will come back here in manila loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'do not act la. ball almost everyday still dare tell me did not ball whole year.'
b'you dont think kids having something to do while living in a gym is good enough?'
b"wow no awkward phase for either of y'all"
b'i love you & your tweets sanaa lol'
b"sana, you're such a good friend face with tears of joy"
b'there should be a test that idiots like you need to pass before being allowed to post on social media.'
b"i am so excited for my little nebraska town to meet my munchkin they'll love you"
b'yeah i know exactly what you mean. exactly. the passion is present despite the circumstances. it can get intense i bet.'
b'you need to watch what you say silly'
b'is that in espanya? nah bruh. always packed with people and the prices are unreasonable.'
b'counting down the days until i see your pretty face face throwing a kiss'
b'good dorky is great, if it makes you happy then go for it. everyone needs to be able to let loose sometime.'
b'i will punch you in the face if they do!?'
b'is so freaking cool and beautiful and i wish i can get to know her better and get a lot closer to her'
b'inflation over time means the tooth fairy now deals in paper rather than coin, a subtle but significant change of gestalt.'
b'i do not see anything wrong with this. high quality journalism.'
b"that's awesome i can not want to see nyc"
b'you pretty leh bobby smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'sarah knowles bolton be absolutely determined to enjoy what you do. yep'
b'ah yeah... i am really relaxed now. so what was his name?'
b"the wage gap is bad i agree. you are aware that hillary pays women 28 % less at her foundation? she's not ur answer."
b': i am so proud of our graduating class... " yes!'
b'i was happy with the doughnut i just ate until i saw that.'
b"funny story : guess what i am doing right now. hold my hand. show 'em"
b'i am super excited for tomorrow morning.'
b"i'll be long asleep before but please tweet something really sarcastic about how happy you are for roman reigns."
b"great game last night even though i lost. what a shitty crowd! if i could, i'd be going to gs games every night they were home"
b'cnn is really are making the situation worse by stereotyping muslims in a such a negative way.'
b"mary berry's chicken malay rice for tea tonight - thanks for the inspiration!"
b"what should i have for tea tonight? it's freezing in scotland"
b'saturday night & i have nothing to do weary face'
b"hahahahah that's awesome"
b'this isn\'t a good " roast "'
b'this is pretty cool i just wish it was jazzier'
b'i know mine too.'
b'and i during bleacher mania'
b'save a drum, bang a drummer 5 seconds of summer'
b'savedbyhiddles : thank you to all who support crimson peak.'
b'saving text messages on your phone that make you smile'
b'i am waiting for you... i want to do my home work'
b'good thing he waited til after the roast.'
b"saw a long boarder get hit by a car on campus today, she's okay, she managed to knock off a mirror of the guy's fancy sports car."
b'saw common tonight in slc was a good time!'
b'saw and it was so amazing thanks for a super fun night'
b'saw hunger games last night and oh my! my achey-breaky heart could not handle!'
b'so your loosing your virginity tomorrow? when were you going to tell me i was coming over'
b'saw one direction notebooks they were wide ruled i pouted and bout five star'
b'saw room today. great film. amazing acting by the kid.'
b"saw you in trush's story you guys look adorable \xe2\x80\x94 thank you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'are you excited for your meet and greets coming up? smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i am not i promise i would not do that to you. you're such a good friend"
b'saying happy birthday to mikey is the first thing im doing i just woke up. i love you michael'
b'saying such, it must be known that i am already head over heels for jamie (yay books ) and now for as well... verra fine man'
b'saying that it is absolutely freezing outside is an understatement'
b'saying turkey day used to piss me off, but it seems more fitting then thanksgiving because nobody gives thanks for anything. sad days'
b'sayin " what a day " would be an understatement right now'
b"omfg was it a pack of 3?!?!?! i got one too but i lost them i was devastated cause i couldn't find them again!"
b'say the word no and they swear you do not love them anymore'
b'say you like rolling weed and cooking eggs in the morning smiling face with sunglasses'
b'looool im glad you enjoyed it loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'*disappointing* i thought it would be something as fancy as an international list smile'
b"do not give the reaction man.. honestly been there done that.. grass is greener. it's hard but it gets better grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'sir i want to increase my credit limit of credit card please give me details for that. dharmveer 9646354504'
b'i love this fandom so much we looked like a family. big family. a really big fanily'
b"i do not think i've ever witnessed a perfectly good show with a great premise just self destruct for no good reason... very sad."
b'scaring small children is one of lifes greatest pleasures'
b'scary how fast someone can mean so much to you'
b"schapiro's explanation : the grass is always greener on the other side \xe2\x80\x95 but that's because they use more manure."
b'and the lie detector determined... that is a lie. cheer up, pal. enjoy life a little more and try to be less bitter. go'
b'is at pouring free samples of their great ciders! stop in & sample some! happening until 4pm!'
b'if i get a headache i know a storm is coming \xe2\x9a\xa1\xe2\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x8c\x82'
b"please stop with your food tweets grinning face with smiling eyes you're making me hungry"
b'scholes again talking like every game he played in utd played exciting, free flowing football. the revisionism is astonishing'
b'school holiday promo is back'
b'school is so annoying i swear. i can not wait for the semester to be over'
b"school is so stressful i do not mind the work too much but it's the people ;;;;;"
b'school pls hurry up i want to meet this dog'
b'school = prison high school = torture college = nightmare work = death (why does life put us in a circle of work?)'
b'school, school, school. and then work. im so glad i busy myself'
b'school soon. great. how i missed seeing your face.'
b'school starts next week and i still havent started my summer assignment -. - fml'
b'school tomorrow, can not wait'
b'school was going by fast until all you fuck niggas went back.'
b"what was the line yesterday (hawaii +10)? just looked on yahoo's sportacular and they had hawaii at +7. 5."
b'do not agree with your politics, but you are surely one of the best living examples of the american dream done the right way!'
b"schweinsteiger's first goal was always going to be a 90th minute winner!"
b'scientifically confirmed : turmeric is more powerful and effective than 14 drugs via mind healthy body'
b'scientists prove why bigger butts are better for women'
b'i attracted to the idea of becoming a scientologist myself. this religion created in the 20th century has such good values!'
b'scooter confirmed that justin has already sold more copies of purpose in the uk than 1d. if only a week was 8 days'
b'scored two free tickets to the game tomorrow night. considering going. do not let me down cats.'
b'work very hard to keep their more destructive emotions under control.'
b'it was great to hear about the project. looking forward to the report. it should be great.'
b'i havent seen it yet but you guys are scaring me'
b'just want to take this moment to thank you for being so kind and invested with us at am &gs. it truly means the world'
b"ahhh that's awesome! the only other person i know with that birthday is matt leblanc!"
b'screenshot from a very concerned parent in a local group. face with tears of joy'
b'screw sex in a pan lol... its foreplay in a pan :-* dinner with one of my bff krissy banman \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'i just get upset because he has a negative learning curve and is getting worse. driskel where you at?'
b'yes me too! lost his mom because his crazy girlfriend was so angry/ upset she set her up to get killed then tries to kill him'
b'it was great though'
b"seafood dressing what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'sealed bid auction - do not miss your chance to see this amazing tadanac home'
b'everyone is having fun except this kid'
b"not really. the issue is always packed & lots of people are just on the'sexy at age xx ' page (& get no"
b'seashells are love letters in the sand "'
b'last time i woke up on the bathroom floor. i managed to dodge a bullet last night by sneakily drinking lots of water.'
b'season 3 of twd is actually kind of a disappointment. season 2 is my favorite so far'
b'season 8 of entourage is a feels trip'
b'just impossible to get a winning streak with the exp of this ol and qb play'
b"seaway valley rapids novice a hockey team's winning streak continues | the glengarry news"
b'sebelum dipujuk = listen to sad instrumental song. selepas dipujuk = singing happy song loudly you really know how to light up my mood face throwing a kiss'
b"that's not creepy in anyway at all even though i highly doubt it"
b'uh nah thats not creepy at all'
b'yes, i am. time to finish what i started... btw, you have to meet my lady, she get funnier by the day.'
b'when them teachers drink too much coffee and come so close to speak to you face with tears of joy'
b'second club day of the year was a success for the vbc! we are super excited to work with all the new members! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'second latin america chapter conference of :'
b'second period is so boring'
b'secretary girl takes down more than her tattoos'
b'secret love, my escape, take me far, far away'
b'secret love song by little mix is my fav'
b'secret love song by violet (little mix cover ): via'
b'secret love song gets me weeping one direction'
b'secret love song heavy black heart'
b'secret love song gives me the feels'
b'secret love song, little me'
b'secret love song makes me so extremely sad'
b'secret love song little mix'
b'secret love song never gets old i swear'
b'secret love song pii esta no top 50 do peru e always be together no top 3 da mongolia! little mix'
b'secret love song pt. 1 and 2'
b": i love seeing justin with skrillex and diplo they're the best"
b'see if my eyebrow twitches one mare time.'
b'seeing adam today really made my day a little easier \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"seeing everyone's ringdance pictures makes me super excited for prom with my bby \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'seeing is believing cheap gas on stadium drive'
b'seeing excited about a new experience shows true passion, i am really really excited about the future of dak.'
b'seeing julian and samantha really made my day loudly crying face'
b'seeing mothers and daughters together in costa is making me miss quality time with my mum and just chatting together confounded face'
b'seeing people post they can not wait to get out of highschool and to be away from everybody. but you will miss it. i promise.'
b'seeing someone you like love someone else.'
b'seeing the boys so happy melts my heart i love liam louis niall and harry so much'
b'seeing playing at the same high level after such an awful injury is such a testament to his work ethic'
b'seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. awesome. smirking face'
b"seems like it's so late but its early.. i can not wait to dive in my bed after a hot shower.. \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'seems like yesterday i confessed my feelings 4 you 2 a stranger, not knowing you were right next 2 me happy 2 months'
b"i'd be on a scale worse than negative. imaginary numbers"
b'seen mockingjay twice now'
b'see our latest in and click to apply : physical therapist - home health care (hhc ) -'
b'see the pics'
b'see what i mean about the screen? crazy shit.'
b'see what the smartest americans were doing at age 25'
b'there my favourites i cant wait for it to be warm again and sunny so i can wear them more smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'too bad her parents went proud enough libtards and aborted her'
b'selena always keeps it classy and her outfits are always on point selena gomez'
b'selena does not look interested "... do y\'all not realize she has a resting bitch face? i explained this already.'
b'1of peter 5 : 7 casting all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. selena god loves you.'
b'always sticks up for herself and says it like it is.i do not serve sugar with that spice. love her'
b'if you think about them, the soul and the psychology could hurt you. in the world it happens. \xe2\x9b\xaagod bless everyone flexed biceps'
b"i killed em with kindness and still f'ed indicted them without working for the govt lolz 0 kills lots of court cases still g"
b'i love you selena marie gomez i wish and pray we could meet fall in love get married and spend forever together in heaven amen'
b'i am proud of how humble, caring & amazing person you are. you inspire me to become better & be a stronger person, i love you.'
b'is about to hit 100 million followers on instagram \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x99\x86\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbb'
b'is only 4 million followers away from 1 billion followers.'
b"keep strong babygirl. we love and miss youuu. take all the time you need and remember when you're ready we'll be right here xo"
b'proved justin what care the fuck is he talking about.'
b'thank you for defending us. at least you care about us heart with ribbon'
b"you're the only one that has never let me down."
b'your song "hands to myself" really speaks to me. i really can not control my heads'
b'selena is a breathtaking stunning woman who always keeps it classy with her red carpet looks'
b'selena walks like a queen and i love how she always keeps it classy selena gomez'
b'self doubt never seems to go away ||'
b'selfish but i can not wait to wake up on friday morning and not have to babysit our dog for a few days.. break much needed.'
b'selfish people do not understand that trait contagious'
b'self portrait of the artist sterling bartlett and his dog clever'
b'self talk : focus and work on creating and delivering massive value...'
b'yes bitch im bored af laying in the dark unamused face'
b"i dunno yet, trying to get a rough idea of numbers before we book stuff but so far you're the only one that's replied worry"
b'semiat like to preform some voodoo shit during sex'
b'someone is butt hurt apparently. reserve your comments until the end of you will get face with tears of joy'
b'sending a special shout out to the 2 white guys who made a confederate x w/ their arms and laughed at me while driving by today'
b'sending extra love to my sister you is kind, you is smart, you is important.'
b'sending old school love to you two. after the win pull out the luther, mary j, sade, keith sweat, tony braxton and chill.'
b'send you booty pics so you know its real tongue'
b'senior guys changing in the parking lot'
b'senior nigerian advisor to former president been arrested for possible involvement in stealing billion allocated for fighting boko haram!'
b'agreed but when the powerful get a slap on the wrist how do we enact change.'
b'violence is my government officially declaring civil war. i no longer trust either candidate.'
b"grow a spine. and some balls while you're at it"
b"if a two-term limit is good enough for the most powerful position in the world... then why isn't same law for the senate???"
b'of course it is. its free money to the majority of americans'
b'this is how bully tyrant operates. he will kill and jail journalists and reporters and anyone who says one word against him'
b'this money has already been taxed. there is no rational justification for taking wealth from families just because of death'
b'yeah, and of them in the pocket of your friend'
b'sense of touch in learn abt the maseeh prize teams'
b'can follows me smile xx'
b'sana pumunta dito ang one direction! :))x'
b'why send a 4 coach instead of an 8 -10 coach train to hither green 19, making ppl late as they can not board? &it was late.'
b'you should\'ve fallen down yelling " oh my neck and my back " lol'
b'bitch i am immortal'
b'your the best in the world i wish i could just get the grace of you just tweeting me'
b'i was gonna say! lol. *phew* tell me how it is.. i still need to watch. and the goldbergs and the middle lol'
b"please tell me he's got his tongue in cheek with that nonsense. it's a very subtle parody, right?"
b'seriously considering buying a scooter. traffic would never be a problem.'
b'seriously fuck the marionville police, warrant cause they do not know how to read vin numbers right!'
b'seriously? fuck this. i do not need a lecture from you about my life decisions, especially not right now.'
b'seriously gotta stop drinking cokes and run more often again. lol.'
b'seriously hate getting ready, makeup, picking out clothes etc. all for your plans to get canceled'
b'seriously i get distracted sooooo easily!'
b"seriously i thought tamera mowry's son was the cutest kid ever, but her daughter is omg so huggable cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'seriously i want to take a moment to appreciate the technology that make it possible for family to send pictures to each other!'
b'seriously where the fuck is my upper lip?'
b'serious offer. who wants to do my home work for me for'
b'serious question : what happened to the new boyz? they seemed set for a long and illustrious career'
b'serious. when i finally got to see him after 3months of trying it was the best day of my life. i thought it was a great start'
b'for a rs53/-os with a 5 lakh credit limit my credit card is barred & with no soln, your bank really knows how to drive away cust'
b'smiling face with open mouth good i am so happy you are back. aw i missed you too. what have you been up too?'
b'seth has never seen the fry cook games episode of spongebob...'
b"you're scaring me now"
b'thank you. i worked at rancho seco at the same time i voted to close the facility. why?because it was the right thing to do.'
b'- though not enough to sway most views, anyone who knows how to analyze handwriting sees right through him.'
b'that is the kind of class and integrity that a us president should have. take a lesson trump'
b'when are you going back on you are your best cooking w/ her. never laughed so much at tv than then! is she still on?'
b'because all i can picture is everyone in the room just licking and grinding the air in front of the recording mix face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"but really you're a genius i love your work yas queen be mine."
b'i live in telluride, work at the golf course. hit me up during film fest'
b'is the love of my life, sausage party was the greatest movie i have ever seen thank you for getting high so much'
b'thank you 4 just eye opening &mind blowing. it was like 8/10 good. some sound effects could have been turned down but thumbs up sign'
b"i think so too. she's honestly the best diva now. why she isn't on tv every week is unknown and dumb"
b'hmm. i procrastinate pretty hard... lol.. 2 hours till everything is due?'
b'shows are always packed to the brim!'
b'seventeen introducing themselves through this game lol i love this'
b"seventeen stans when asked if they'll miss jeonghan's long hair when it gets cut"
b'oh yeah i was contemplating if you were'
b'sexbeat said we sound like " the soundtrack to a dark 80s sci-fi movie "'
b'sex is a way to release frustration'
b'sex is so disgusting!'
b'sex level... *he close his eyes, his eyebrow twitches with anger *'
b"i do not think we had a summer here, it's great weather for fallout though."
b'sexy modiel sweetie getting rid of her lingerie. bitch'
b'happy birthday! enjoy your day face throwing a kiss'
b'! sexy shout out. he paid 1hr long private cam session w/ me : gets a handful of private shower pics!'
b'sexy sweet kristal summer - blow bang'
b'you guys do not have school at all this week face screaming in fear'
b'thanks guys. looking forward to a big effort from the boys in green & white.'
b'got umbrella last time & i love it not only does it keep rain off but also keeps the wind off my face which i need due to medical con'
b'does anyone in the world like raisins? " they\'re great in cereal'
b"in india girls dont like tan. they'll do anything to not have a tanned skin"
b'i c a n t w a i t'
b"was that so \xef\xbc\x9fu're struggling 2 face with tears of joy but you were full of life like \xf0\x9f\x90\xa0which got water face with tears of joy"
b'shame on people who cover their fugly ass identities through menfess accounts just to send bullshits to other people.'
b'shame when you got weed but cant smoke loudly crying face the irony!'
b'i am so fucking excited so that means my brother best friend will meet camila cuz he plays drums for him'
b'klh breakfast in bed smile'
b'shannon & cammie are relationship and life goals im gonna cry'
b"i knew you'd like it and agree"
b"love you headbanging mofo's!"
b"sha really thinks people care about her relationship life. she shouldn't have became a hoe, now no one wants her, except blood relatives"
b"***share and let's find moe a home! *** moe is a young puppy full of life. he is a quick learner and has a fun"
b'share your love of the game with the family. introducing the premier league kids website :'
b'sharing precious moments with friends. wonderful stories, joy and laughter echoed through our house last night.'
b'sharing the chores can help you to bond with your partner!'
b'i am immortal'
b"yvw! gladys was proud of her boy's success, but she could not handle the fame it brought them sad xxx"
b'ah, i see. glad things are under control now! give us a holler if we can help out with anything else. smile ^ak'
b'my dream has come true sad i can now die in peace'
b'fantastic today lad! you were exceptional! huge win get in! i had a good feeling today 3 points next week'
b'i know, i meant it as wow gas is for once really cheap too bad i can not drive.'
b'literally yes. my freshly shaved legs now smell like a glorious peppermint smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'will you do a follow spree when it comes out? grinning face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'announce more aussie dates but with more than one city ok'
b"are you on a relationship honestly i ship to with everyone it's a problem but if so dayummmm face with tears of joy growing heart"
b'we love you more than anyone please come in you are most welcomeaaaa'
b'yas i can not wait today has been a great day already. omg smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss glowing star'
b'can you hear me screaming? shit i think i woke just my neighbors up'
b"congratulations shawn you've come a long way from your bedroom doing younows."
b'dont omg im in college and i just screamed wtf'
b"eeeeehhhhhh screaming even though scotland's probably bot on the list grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'good idea you should do this and respond to some of them smile'
b'happy birthday! wish you all the best, i love you to the moon and back! face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'happy first show being 18 baby i love you so much you killed it (and me )'
b"hoping you come to amsterdam again smile wasn't at your concert sadly.."
b'how excited were you to meet up with'
b'i am hoping that i can go to see you in glendale smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i am so excited i am tryigg to do my home work so j can listen but i am so happy'
b'if you had not left me waiting in the cold'
b'if you are not coming to hamburg you are seriously missing out'
b"if you do not do it we're unstanning yo ass"
b"you'll never come to my country \xf0\x9f\x99\x83\xf0\x9f\x99\x83 i am excited anyways"
b'ikwydlsvideo literally in love with the song and the video is pretty cool raised hand with part between middle and ring fingers mind following me and'
b"i love mercy babe\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97 proud of u! you wrote one of the best lyrics i've ever listened with 17 years old. explain me: how?!?!"
b'i love you more than my family smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes you are my everything'
b"i am forced to wake up early for school and see that you're announcing your first arena tour. when did you grow up?"
b'i need to hear your beautiful voice live in mexico'
b'is trying to keep us guessing with his silent insta video \xf0\x9f\x91\x80\xf0\x9f\x94\xa6'
b'i think im probably gonna wake up late tomorrow but who cares'
b"i've never been so proud of someone but shawn.. wow.. thank you for existing, seriously i love you so much \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i woke up at 6:30 for you appreciate me damnit'
b'listen, i am really tired, how am i going to stay up for an hour extra just to see that you are tweeting everyone but me? 03:09'
b'maybe if i go to sleep now and wake up in 2 hours for school ill be able to get a job and pay the tickets of the tour'
b'n e t h e are l a n d s'
b'no can you fucking wait like two months i have no money'
b"now that your 18 what's the first thing you wanna do?"
b"ok look turn on ur location i just wanna have a friendly chat to you to why you're not coming to melbourne"
b'put lower prices please!!!!! and dont do the passport thing'
b"that girl likes you a lot. she's greek and has a poster of you on her wall smile"
b'i ordered the album when it was first announced on your website and i never received a code'
b'so cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart heavy black heart heavy black heart with i love this boy heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b"so your coming to nyc and your my only favorite person who has not seen please go and it'll be amazing!"
b'thank you so much in plans that more people take this advice'
b"this is everything you've ever wanted you got here yourself the nerves will leave once you see 18, 200 people all there for you"
b'tomorrow you lil legend i cant fucking believe has that hit you yet'
b'well in here i was hoping that i have a talent like you so i do not have to thinking about going to college anymore lol'
b'what a shitty day. can you follow me pls loudly crying face'
b'when am i gonna stop missing these great shows?'
b"where's the ireland date because my patience is little to none"
b'yeah it does not work like this around my place pensive face'
b'you probably would not see this or reply but i truly love your music mendes and i wish you all the best for future good music black heart suit'
b'just beautiful face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'shawty dance like a video vixen'
b"shawty is bad tho i gave her my snapchat... cause a pretty face and a bangin ' body do not win my attention or interest. i hope she smart tho"
b'shazam a bang 5 seconds of summer 5 seconds of summer 5 seconds of summer 5 seconds of summer'
b'she about to text yuh'
b"she apologised, you're in there dave"
b'she can wear one of them swimming caps if you like face with tears of joy'
b'she dancing for me, i love her body'
b'she drunk so say lol all that drinking aint cool i told you that before'
b'i just find sex disgusting'
b'she got a pretty face face with stuck out tongue and winking eye and stand up like a stallion smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'she got a pretty face & stand up like a stallion. crown'
b'i am by no means sayn i, or all white ppl come frm evil, but its interesting to say the least, and amusing'
b'she is the cutest thing ever i swear my kid is going to look like this! loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'she is the most lovable person in'
b"she keeps it classy even when i don't."
b'lol. i should go to sleep'
b"she laughed then began to hum that same unfamiliar lullaby, her voice was like an angel's, soft and beautiful to the ear."
b'happy birthday shelby smiling face with smiling eyes hope you have an amazin day \xf0\x9f\x8e\x88\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88 x'
b'she letting me do my home work in class face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'it was some random at walmart. lol'
b'she looked so beautiful last night, seeing her happy makes me happy. congratulations i love you'
b'she looks so pretty standing there! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'she love me b/c of my gold slugs smiling face with horns'
b'gas was 25 cents a gallon when i started driving 4 of us used to chip in a quarter and drive all night'
b'she making my cake and all my food for my baby shower face throwing a kiss grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'she must be really sick not to care about that much fire around her because any kid would care about that much fire around them'
b"she must think her relationship is like kylie and tyga who you foolin? ain't the media cus you're irrelevant af"
b"shep's last day at work i am so sad pensive face loudly crying face ima miss you!"
b'thanks for following back. you are right, but socialists want to stay here and ruin it for everyone else. enjoying your tweets'
b'youtube search " satanic missionaries prank " it shows you a good example of christian compassion and love.'
b'i am home from the hospital thought you would like to know. doing good'
b'i have not experienced murder either yet i do not think i am immortal'
b"she's a bit overexcited about her new car face with tears of joy costa middlehaven"
b'she said i do not where to put anything this fridge is already full jess face with tears of joy face with tears of joy omg'
b'she said, she said, she said, " why do not you just drop dead? " and i had no answer. no good answer, anyway.'
b'she said the sex was great though face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'she spent hours trying to make herself look like a rose not knowing that i was in love with her roots " - some nigga'
b"she's pissing me off i swear.!"
b"she's pretending like she do not miss you. you're pretending like you do not care. ego is a hell of a drug."
b"she's ready to do whatever! join her at 3"
b"she's so ugly"
b"she's young, but beyond my league."
b'send me your baby girl'
b'she thinks you hate her'
b"she tried drawing fire and i've never laughed harder"
b'she unreal! such a lovable person smile'
b'she use to serve this shit face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'she was devastated face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'she was & is gorgeous! and, she keeps it classy. love her!'
b"she wasn't in her best mood. she recently found out she has a i hope we made her a little more happy. praying for her \xe2\x99\xa1"
b'lmfao all caps so you know its real loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'she will do my home work i will do her mobile recharge.'
b'she won bc team drizzy is lazy af & we do not care for these dumb ass tv shows'
b'shiina is so cool, and fast! i wish i could be like that!'
b'hold your heads up, men. lots of proud parents & fans tonight & always!'
b'oh i know... was 17 -25yr olds with nothing to do but find flaws in the new game called the internet... pools closed faggot!'
b'oh my god! i dreamed about this but i never thought it would happen'
b'you realize that hyvee on locust is always packed'
b'i am not " mad, " all i said was no... awkward face with tears of joy'
b'shite, forgot i am making the tea tonight. bang goes ma sports schedule smile'
b'shit girl his mustache was too intimidating'
b'shit happens fam " im so mad'
b'shit i couldnt even complain w/o hearing she had it worse in some way or another. very negative life.'
b'shit, i do not have mood to start my last school assignment. it is due in 2 weeks time.'
b'shit i dropped my phone in the sewer'
b'yeah i hate him'
b'shit. i think i got the wrong visa. it just says " visiting tourist " not " human chattel. " hope they accept me, bill.'
b"shit she's gorgeous smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'shit still cnt find any shi jian fr that tho :(((('
b'what i major in with an associates in'
b"shit that's attractive : men who read a lot and have an opinion on all relevant issues."
b'shitty ass day work unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'shitty day'
b'shitty day to have all these cfb championships for dfs. little skill involved today.'
b'shitty i lost my fuckin phone'
b'shitty i lost uh 5o on det bet! expressionless face'
b'shitty shitty day unamused face'
b'shit walking dead is already fire'
b"shit x -raided ain't been on a lynch song in a long ass time"
b'i stayed in edge last night, i thought i was having a nightmare when it went off. but it was real life.'
b'shmaybe this is not so good'
b'shocked at how mild this last few days has been, my diary shows last year was very cold.'
b'shocked i dont feel terrible i barely had clothes on yesterday while it was raining & cold'
b'i swear hes not ill have him bick it wit us tomorrow hes really not sweet'
b'shopping for my friends daughters bday and having wayy to much fun in the store!'
b'should be another grand day'
b"should be great! (btw, here's my column inspired by his book )"
b'should have never doubted me smirking face'
b'should i do my home work?... do not'
b'should i do my home work, i am thinking no'
b'should i do my home work now or should i wait to do it during study hall tomorrow'
b'should i get back into playing the sonic adventure games? o : i stopped playing because of how terrible i am compared to everyone else'
b'should i get more let me know on'
b'should i go to sleep or watch another episode'
b'should i just sleep some more?\xf0\x9f\x98\x9f'
b'should i skip my spanish exam and sleep'
b'should i sleep early'
b'should i sleep or watch a replay?'
b'should i sleep or work on my group project'
b'should i stay up and watch shameless or go to sleep'
b"should never have apologised because one person couldn't read."
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbf\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbf- shouldn't you be sleeping! you need to do my home work for tuesday i am serious relieved face"
b'should really go to bed.. haircut at vidal tomorrow good smile'
b"should've never doubted me"
b'should you sleep a little more, or squeeze in a via'
b'shout -out for thanks for following! please subscribe to my youtube toy channel for free here :'
b'shout out mcalister s playing the entire back to the future soundtrack. 21jigawatts'
b'shout out my boy greatest senior pic of all time'
b'shout out to all'
b'shout out to all the funny but butters women out there.'
b'shout out to all the little breast, small waist, thick thigh, big booty having women with the pretty face out there!'
b'shout out to all the superhero mamas out there.'
b'shout out to all those natives : via'
b'shout out to to a great collab on " shooting shadows " happy release day!'
b'shoutout to for planning a super fun night for the ihs deca chapter! best vp of fun out there large blue diamond'
b"shout out to for always being about that freshness! we'll def scope you at"
b'shout out to & for helping me put my vision together.'
b'shout out to for not delivering my mail on time causing me to not get hired, thanks guys really appreciate it'
b'shout out to for the throwback pic in san antonio.'
b'shout out to thanks for the follow now thats a real o. g. right there regards man stay fly brotha!'
b'shoutout to because you really just made my day. face with tears of joy'
b'shout out to kylie and kim for making this possible'
b'shout out to ladies who dress how they want. stay making your own decisions tf?'
b'shout out to my baby for making our one year amazing the other day ring'
b'shout out to my boy chris hutson for getting fired by subway'
b'shout out to my city boys, best center and guard in juco football.'
b'shout out to my dad for filling my tank. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'shout out to my favorite homies'
b'shout out to my followers luv you guys *big hug *'
b'shout out to my mama for that mcdonalds'
b"shout out to my mcm.. that's my nigga \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f"
b'shout out to my momma she the one who made me, shout out to grandma she the one who raised me.'
b"shout out to my sister who is having her 3rd acl surgery today. love you i'll be home this weekend to help take care of you smile"
b'shout out to october babies'
b"shout out to wilson for rockin ' that liquid silver wrap dress with confidence!"
b'shout out to the bags and dark circles under my eyes for always being there'
b'shout out to the'
b'shout out to the'
b'shout out to the girls who friend zone all the good guys and date all the assholes then complain about being treated like shit.'
b'shout out to them freak hoes to yall make them lames think they pimping i respect yall!'
b'shout out to the shooters and the shooters only \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"shout out to the two girls who complimented my legs and leggings face with tears of joy in victoria's secret today - made my day! more of us should be so kind"
b"shout out to tylenol and advil. do not know what i would do without y'all"
b'shout out to uber. saved me more than a hour of travel time which my drunk ass could not handle at the moment'
b"shout out to y'all. am tweeting from bwari -abuja & am an fan."
b'shout to me for waking up to my first alarm and then turning off all the other ones and falling back asleep. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'shove a finger up your butt'
b'shower then going to sleep.. so mad ion even wanna eat! victory hand unamused face'
b'shower time never sounded so good! " ~@atomthepug the wants to share! enter'
b'shower with your dad simulator 2015. its a random but funny game lol! happy friday!'
b'showing your teeth and tattoos, scaring the locals.'
b'show me a man with alcohol in his system who knows how to not be creepy... \xf0\x9f\x90\x9c*crickets *\xf0\x9f\x90\x9c'
b"show me how to lie, you're getting better all the time"
b"it's a cool edit alright. wish it was real. maybe one day :3"
b'you are unique n lovable person i have ever seen! smiling face with smiling eyes love you smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'it looks like izzy is holding her whip this getting better and better'
b"listen fuck you know what i mean the idea of me being your customer is weird like you're supposed to be attracted to hosts right"
b'yes i did i have so much fun! but now i realize my camera is spoilt so happy mood gone'
b'i love you, brian. well, you know. like a friend. so many tricks. i can put my car key fob to my chin and make it work at distance!'
b'i used to think the same thing and the nc went blue for obama. so i do not take it for granted anymore smile'
b'of course everyone should subscribe: who does not want to become a criminal/wizard/spy/whatever is possible??'
b'thanks for following me smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes you made my day really'
b'thanks so much for the follow! quite an impressive bio! hibiscus smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'in a really sarcastic way. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'everyone who talks to you really do care about you, but you just told them you do not give a fuck about them'
b'sick burn of the day : debra messing retweets unsolicited peen pic for justice | lol-rofl -wtf -pics'
b'sick of not feeling good enough for anyone'
b'side note : i look fresh to deathh with my new dress and purse'
b'ahh thanks :). do not know why i decided to drink or am still up but tomorrow will be great! see you soon'
b"side tweet : do you know how awesome it is to meet someone who is cheesy, dorky and wonderfully romantic? it's just the best"
b'but what do i do with two discs of bubble buddy and the fry cook games'
b'i am already drinking lol but you know i am down'
b'tv dumb loud face with tears of joy'
b'(sigh ) well i am tired of laying in the dark in the cold and in my thoughts so twitter i am a try to get some shut eye. waving hand sign bonne nuit.'
b'signs you should go to sleep : when you\'re sitting in the commuter lot crying over the acoustic " believe " album and saying " yas bieber. "'
b"sign up for my specials & promotions at'subtle beauty '"
b'sign up for our mailing list for new music, special offerings & our weekly newsletter'
b"sign up for our mailing list to receive this weekend's newsletter \xe2\x80\x94 it's gonna be a good one"
b'siick! i got paid 69 so far by doing surveys! can not wait for more! look'
b'silhan \xc3\xb6z\xc3\xa7elik, 18 sentenced 21 months, first briton to be arrested for trying to fight against islamic state in syria'
b'silly shots fired -- funny xbox one backwards compatibility video pokes fun at sony.'
b"you're just mad cuz you suked at the game lmao swag"
b'lmao. you did not get what i was saying. i hate when people use that to judge players. i was just pointing out another reason why.'
b"that's on the menu for saturday night though smiling face with open mouth enjoy sue"
b'you & your thick thighs could not handle that loudly crying face'
b'i think you should change the rules of and allow canadian citizens to audition. we want something to audition for.'
b"flying back from calgary i see. it is sure a good thing it isn't happening there. should be a great game home!"
b"ahahahah. you're right. but i loved david silver"
b'simple rule : they have only value as print edition. as emergency toilet paper.'
b'since heating at school is weird, i am gonna get frost bite in one class and sweat like its the summer in another'
b"since it's friday and i am in a happy af mood"
b"since pretty little lairs is done, what am i gonna do on tuesday's?"
b"since there's a physics question in maths, do not be too shocked if you see a question that requires matrix to be solve in physics."
b'since we do not share this bed no more, i can not sleep at night.'
b'sinking in to the pacific, the sun says the most beautiful goodnight.'
b'i am so freaking honored to have you think something like that of me omg im gonna cry'
b'sir eric thanks for the wonderful message yesterday'
b"just started following me and it really made my day. she's the voice of siri, you know? smile"
b"subtle like this makes it more difficult to live as a it's so hard to rape you & steal your car!"
b'sir roger moore says daniel craig is the best bond... i have to disagree, it will always be sean connery for me.'
b'sir, you shld be arrested for calling sharia this! after bihar verdict.. i think isis is fighting eco - colonialism'
b'sister, sister is on'
b"siting around the house all weekend, glad it's raining i will not be tempted to go anywhere and spend any money *"
b'*sits at house, stoned, getting drunk, playing cards against humanity with friends " not a bad saturday night'
b'sitting in a park in paris, france reading the news and it sure looks bad they will not give peace a chance that was just a dream some of us had'
b'sitting in the bathroom, i am really not foolin with this new manager unamused face'
b"sitting in us history class, i'll b here for the next 2 1/2 hours..."
b"love really hurts, why only i love you while you do not love me :'("
b'please do not change for who you are. you will always be our inspiration. we look up to you. do not leave us. i love you :^)'
b'sixers now up 17 in miami behind the sudden injection of 3 -point makes from bob covington and nik stauskaus. this is actually fun.'
b'six steps for business startup success - ask who no matter what business you op'
b'size 6 pants are loose on me'
b'if i die young, bury me in fur lay me down on a bed of catnip sink me in a river at dawn send me away with the purrs of a love song'
b'skimming breast milk is one of the true perks of being a nicu nurse'
b'is gonna be doing some stuff with this group at 10am pst! be sure to check it out, should be great!'
b'mhmmm, maybe theo will have a 30 goal season'
b"skittles aren't my favorite candy anymore because they took the lime skittles out and put green apples of disappointment."
b'skoo in the morningg, guess imaa got to sleep.'
b'personally i think it deserves a follow!'
b'sky and cloud texture stock photo, picture and royalty free image. image 46702072.'
b"you're such a good friend"
b'although they agreed there was a communication error, they still refused to take it off my credit report for 2 years. so \xf0\x9f\x91\x8b\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbb house with garden hopes'
b'devils! it just has to be stopped the world needs to speak out. evil barbaric monsters.'
b'go for it cat weasel you have screwed your party once why not just push the self destruct button one more time and see if it works'
b'i do not doubt fbi boss is a republican-why else would he suggest a crime without the evidence 10 days before election'
b'i honestly sit and cry thinking about the children in france why do not you?'
b"what would he know he's never worked in the private sector he has always been paid from taxes paid my sme's. idiot"
b'brilliant idea thumbs up sign lets build it round the us then fill it up with water winking face'
b'sky pundit and former liverpool star graeme souness rushed to hospital amid health scare'
b': we\'re told swansea and manchester city unable to reach agreement on scott sinclair. " what. a. shame.'
b': aston villa have signed striker jordan bowery from chesterfield " biggest deal of the summer'
b'some of us never doubted him'
b'thanks for the report and stay safe!'
b'invite them to a group chat called " the oven " and roast em till they good enough for christmas dinner'
b'slapen. goodnight x (got to love snapchat face with tears of joy )'
b'slapen. i love you to the moon and back'
b'slapen is love, slapen is life'
b"he tried twice, once, on the mouth. who tries to kiss a child, they do not know, on the mouth? she knows it's wrong & pushes him away."
b'these false equivalency arguments are destroying us. not upholding a citizens constitutional rights isnt an option worthy of debate'
b'sleeping for a week sounds amazing. i caught a bug at work (not the dev kind _ ) i am pretty miserable and want all the sleep'
b'sleeping in until 2:30 in the afternoon?'
b'sleeping till tomorrow as soon as i get home'
b'sleepin in like shit tomorrow face with tears of joy'
b'sleep is often used to temporarily help distract the mind from a stressful life. sleep enhances emotional strength.'
b'sleep + music = two ways to escape everything.'
b'sleep number beds, because you should both sleep comfortably, even if she needs it to be harder.'
b'ha that made me lol thats too funny'
b'after last night i feel much closer to you bc i talked to you like i talk to own ships'
b': oh hush your lips " i\'ll think about it'
b'yes.. only thing ima be looking forward to is cornbread dressing & dirty rice & macaroni.. ion eat shit else neutral face'
b'slimthick with yo cute ass, ayy... i might buy you a new bag!'
b'nice man i cant wait to see it! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'yes, a day without being talked down to & those comments : " nice moustache love " & " buy you a drink mate? "'
b'sluts be going to kon-o -kwee to make a bitch cult'
b'sluts will be sluts'
b'small boy - scooter - pothole! apple rolls onto road - traffic stops. apple grabbed - wiped on seat of pants & huge satisfied bite by boy smile'
b'small business : letting free wifi make you money via'
b'small kids can drown in sinks, tubs, toilets and even half-filled buckets! make november a water-safe month in your home!'
b'i am devastated but slumps happen. they better rest up because they have a tough fight ahead of them in nyc.'
b'smc game finna be cracking tomorrow lol'
b"smh and it's usually hot down here face with tears of joy unamused face"
b'face with tears of joy smh, people talk so much shit bout someone and then be all up in they face smiling and shit... that why i do not fw people now'
b'better question who closer to getting the haye fight, smith or nelson?'
b'smile and let them wonder why.'
b'i laughed so hard'
b'smile & let the world wonder why.'
b'find more time to pamper myself rather than be stressed! (i do not need any more wrinkles )'
b"dear freaking lord! sounds like something he'd say lol"
b'i sometimes feel like i am felicity minus the gorgeous boyfriend and the tech skills.'
b'smoke weed wtf huhh shame on me'
b'smoking brings good people together lol'
b'smoking dead niggas we can match nigga'
b'how many deaths do you need before you do something about it?.'
b'you dont have to say sorry xd'
b'snapchat slowly getting better than instagram'
b'love ya sex pistol! sleep well tonight hun! have sweet, sticky dreams! hehe. face throwing a kiss heavy black heart face throwing a kiss heavy black heart face throwing a kiss heavy black heart face throwing a kiss heavy black heart'
b'sneaking this zip of weed out my building without running into anyone'
b'sneek peak into next weeks post winking face'
b"it's okay. i felt the same way man. give it time. i'll let ya know today what they say."
b'sneezing with a sore throat is one of the worst pains ever'
b'sneg smile \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'hello good evening just want to wish you a lovely evening and a great weekend ge!'
b'excited for the game tomorrow night. i am covering the game smile'
b'snowdown. a time when all humans wishes for gifts and a better year ahead. how pitiful that they do not realise they come ever closer'
b'yas! and i hate ur english teacher shes a bitch'
b"so, 2 spanish teams are playing each other. who gives a shit? liverpool are playing, that's all i care about."
b"so a 'friend ' does not have time to talk to me, but has time to talk to other people. lovely."
b'so all that lockdown and rhythm are all in a bunch of pain in the ass for people who are stressing out and saying our prayers are with a lie'
b"so and justin biebers new song is called flyin '. kay"
b'so apparently there is a mouse living in my closet and my cat just plays with it like they are friends. cool murph.'
b'let it be known we as fans love epiphany and sonny together. we want her back full time. she brings laughter to gh.'
b"so are y'all ever like somewhat attracted to someone & you literally have no idea as to whhhhyyyyyy or"
b'so basically everyone i know is having a great time and im just sitting here memorizing and doing shit'
b'so bear gets super excited whenever i come home. today was no different'
b'so beautiful. just saw that korean girl on youtube singing " herro. "'
b'so beautiful!'
b'so blessed to send 60 boxes of loved filled boxes to operation child! thank you to everyone who helped us reach'
b'so bold so cold... no love'
b'so bored. need something to do'
b'soccer 7 days this week \xf0\x9f\x98\x81... on top of everything else'
b'3 -0 final score can not wait for saturday will be part of history'
b'sorry for the delay, we worked on 4 this summer. great weather looks like its coming to an. end now.'
b'social media is boring. i like real life.'
b'thanks for following me and your my 400th follower!'
b'sociedade -restrita : frank iero with fans - look to his pretty face. (x ) smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so come on spin me around, now i do not wanna go home cause when you hold me like this you know my heart skips'
b'so cute having a little kid fall asleep laying in yours arms'
b'so cute how me and glocky screamed when we saw each other and jumped around in absolute joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'so cute when he throws hearts like a little kid ;;u ;;'
b"so daryl and rick reunited i was like good until rick ripped someone's neck open with his teeth"
b'so determined to do something i would actually enjoy'
b'so devastated that i miss the impractical jokers tonight. i could have seen sal in person loudly crying face'
b'so doing a 21 day challenge starting today, i am so competitive i am making up challenges for myself...'
b'so done with all your bullshits.'
b'so... eoc is coming up at my school... they made me swear an oath not to talk about the test...'
b'so excited about tomorrow? i guess it just that hyper side of me kicking in?'
b'so excited for christmas now, not only do i turn 18 but i have my family, gorgeous boyfriend and his mum and dad 3'
b'so excited for to perform tonight! swag overload. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so excited for tea tonight fork and knife'
b'so excited for work todayyyy'
b'so excited that is making my cake smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so excited to finish high school so i do not have to see any of you ever again smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so excited to meet lots of you there!'
b'so excited to meet my little reception class today'
b"so excited to meet the boyfriend, feelin ' the butterflies in my tummy just like the very first time"
b'so excited to meet the other side of my family for the first time cause my mom finally found her parents after being adopted'
b'so far, this has been a really good day for my scientific experiments. at the moment, i am on a & break. smile'
b'so fed up of not knowing what to do'
b'i know! idk i was really intimidated by you when we went to school together! x )'
b'sofia brought this for me when i was hungry & lazy to cook loudly crying face'
b'hell no my account been acting crazy, i got a spam so i had to reverse it. i am following back everybody as you can c'
b'so freaking annoyed right now, like wtf?!'
b"so french forces bomb a syrian hospital full of children and there's no mention of it in today's"
b'what a day for him'
b'so fucking blessed to have such an amazing boyfriend. thank you god!'
b'so fucking pissed off straight failed my physics test'
b'so fucking stressed do not need this'
b'so funny when girls try to compete with you while lifting next to you lol lol lol lol stoppppp'
b'so funny where would white people b wit out black culture? our slang our style our music lol they love us but they hate us!'
b'so glad did not has on the schedule this year.'
b'so glad i grew up with a childhood filled with outside adventures and imagination'
b'so glad i have kyle in my life because my car could not handle this snow right now.'
b'so glad i only work 4 hours today. have not had this shift since i started'
b'so glad i ran into tonight! somehow volleyball always brings us together.?'
b"so glad it's fridayyyyyy! resting all weekend (after getting my hair done tomorrow ) gotta get my energy back! i hate being sick"
b"so glad i wasn't emotionally invested like previous seasons lol... thank god for basketball! ha"
b'so glad i woke up feeling good this morning smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so glad my first time ever going to the beach will be when i go to boot camp.'
b'so glad my last day at work is tuesday'
b'so glad that my prelims are in january i could not handle having them this month'
b'so glad the uofl free wifi works for my phone and laptop'
b"so glad to be done with driver's ed."
b'so glad to find out all everyone does is lie to me'
b'so guys do not share beds at sleep overs...?'
b'so happy for the loggers playing who will be playing in the national championship game tomorrow night'
b'so happy i just started scandal so i can binge watch for days'
b'so happy my coworker loved her baby shower gifts smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so happy smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so happy they are here! raised hand \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f lets stop bullying x'
b'so happy work has started again'
b"so hard to keep positive when everything's going wrong fucccckk"
b'so heartbroken ive lost my princess ring weary face'
b'so hi i did not die i was taking a shower'
b'so hot down here in sydney today i was practically a hydro electricity power station.'
b'so how do i do this can you explain a little more'
b'so how long does one have to be ignored so you know its real?! asking for a friend'
b'so at this time. to stay or go find food?'
b'so hungry today. didnt get to eat during lunch time'
b'so hype for nuvo this weekend! can not wait to reunite with all my convention friends \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'so i accidentally took over the whole room and now i am trying to make room for my roommate... who is coming tomorrow btw...'
b'so i basically had to drive away not knowing if i have internal damage to my car and i have no contact info for this psycho bitch.'
b'so i cried then i laughed about shitposts i remembered'
b'so i dont have to say a word, the one that got awaaay'
b'so i feel like i have to watch all of jj so i can properly rejoin the internet world... avoid spoilers and stuff...'
b'so if i have a set schedule to be at the gym monday wednesday and saturday do not interrupt my plans because of your plans. no.'
b'so i finish work and i am wide awake... \\o/ yayyy'
b'so i found out today that one of my friends gives the warmest hugs and now i have no idea if i am attracted to them or not.'
b'so i googled " how old is the earth " and the first few results are direct from creationists... ye gods, i am so not feeling lucky'
b'so i have a goal and so far i am doing amazing with it i plan to be smoke free by thanksgiving and once all my'
b'so i have no idea what i did with my pay stub which means i either lost it or tossed it in the garbage. time to watch my bank account -_-'
b'so i have not watched the walking dead since glenn\'s " death " and since the morgan episode, but now that my baby is alive let\'s catch up'
b'so i have to use a stupid android phone which i do not even know how to use'
b'so i left my house for lunch with friends literally an hour ago and they still have not even left their apartment'
b'so i am actually getting really sick and probably dying i guess god is real ha.'
b'so i am going shopping with the mother & sisters this morning... woooo!'
b'so, i am happy the raps won but i am so heartbroken we lost jv. i hope he recovers soon.'
b'so i am just on the phone with my ex. no awkward silence'
b'so i am slumped on the settee in my bet lynch dressing gown looking forward 2 watchdog, hardly rock &roll but i like it!'
b'so i am waking up wed at 9:00am and going to sleep friday at 10:00am...'
b"so i am writing a 7 page paper about women's rights ha plz do not judge"
b'so iowa is the best team in the big ten be right back i am going to dive down some stairs'
b'so i said i love you and he said good then i yelled " i love you, i love you, i love you " til he closed the door face with tears of joy face savouring delicious food'
b"so it does not matter if you lost your whole family/ house/ life it just matters if you're fucking pretty. fuck you"
b'so i think i just failed my physics test anguished face'
b'so i thought i failed my physics test but as it turns out i got an 88 face with tears of joy'
b'so i tried on these jeans i had from last year that i did not fit into this year and they fit sad'
b'so its 5:48 and im feeling like im gonna be sick.'
b"so it's 99. 99 % confirmed that is gonna be back with on exited"
b'so its confirmed now that skepta is signed to ovo?'
b"so i've been associate of the month twice already and i just found out. expressionless face"
b"so i've got new neighbours. loud ones, it seems."
b'so jealous that my sister is going to florida for a week and leaving me with our younger brother neutral face this should be great smile'
b'so... just here to have a good time, a trooper and good friend to have... but also does not exist. fair enough. xd'
b'so lady c won because of a guess... but george is being reunited with jorgie so good smiling face with heart shaped eyes xx'
b'so last night was a lot of fun'
b"so let's drink too much and say too much and be too much just for a while"
b'so let\'s just say himchan & twice... shall we give them a call? " but daehyun gets most excited " oh really?'
b'so like i read a conversation website and it said there were 11k gun based murdered in the us. so that is a lot.'
b'so looking forward to newcastle tomorrow. going to my first football game open hands sign'
b'if they release secret love song part one it could do v well in the us'
b"so losing weight will make my eyes bigger, they said. cause it'll kill the fats on ze cheeks, they said. okay."
b'so many great shows happening this weekend at the corner! come and experience stand up in a whole new way!'
b'so many hypocrites on social media. hate when people judge them yet they more than fine to share their negative opinions of others.'
b'so many people are getting in accidents... everyone please be careful on the roads. you never know what could happen'
b'so many ppl in line drive thru for free coffee. wasting more money in gas than the coffee is worth at least'
b'somebody drive me to cars & coffee, gotchu with gas smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'somebody needs to wake me up bc i am pretty sure this is all a dream, it has to be...'
b'somebody posted this. had to send this right away. three generations, reminds me of my status!'
b'some drunk guy popped my chain last night & i lost my charm...'
b'some friday sesh that was, looking forward to saturday sesh football then carlisle to see cammy black'
b'some great ideas being presented during our tennis canada case comp!'
b'somehow, my pimple never fails to go anywhere but the middle of my eyes or eyebrows'
b'some interesting and amusing habits of famous'
b"some just can not see beyond the flesh and it's do funny"
b'some kid at the super market is hiding behind all the paper towels and jumping out and scaring people when they walk by lol'
b"some love stories aren't epic novels. some are shorter. ours lasts for only two semesters, but it does not make it less of love."
b"some love stories aren't epic novels, some are short stories. but, that does not make them any less filled with love."
b'some of my coworkers were singing what do you mean with me today and i think thats sucha beautiful thing'
b'some of these girls came always packed with at least two decades of bad luck.'
b'some of these girls carry purses they can curl up and fit in'
b"some of these hs players need to watch current d1 players hs highlights & be real & see the talent level they had before they say they're d1"
b'some of these speakers the rnc are just toooo riveting to watch.'
b'some of the teams involved at more to come once i charge my phone smile'
b'some of you women lower your worth and allow a nigga to run over you because " you love him " let that hurt go & do better ma.'
b'someone buy me a pretty phone case \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'someone come help me do my home work. i am drowning'
b'someone come over and keep me company while i do my home work'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded deep and soulful mix series vol 35!'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded expressionhouse tribute mix to davide maffei!'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded expressionhouse universdj guestmix!'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded expressions 12: transcendence!'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded expressions 13 mixed by mr. t jasson!'
b'someone has just visited and downloaded expressions guest 2 mix by duke!'
b'someone i know, from high school, moved back into my area, after such a long, long time, somebody i only found out last month'
b'someone just called me homer. best insult yet. smile'
b'someone just followed me on tumblr just to talk shit about jessica alkirk.'
b'someone let me know why this school bus in front of me full of children does not have brake lights... must be illegal or something'
b'someone really does not want to get out of bed today'
b'someone set a horse on fire intentionally... the fuck!'
b'someone should cuddle me to sleep. tired of falling asleep on empty bottles of scotch.'
b'someone should let me braid their hair'
b'someone should mash up if i could fly and secret love song pt ll'
b'someone who speaks of something that complete opposite of what he means,. correct me if i am wrong again.'
b"someone will always have something to say about you or your relationship. but it's your life. it only matters what you think."
b'some people are all " omg good no more political commercials " and i am over here kissing a hefty chunk of seasonal money off the books'
b"some people are just terrible human beings. i do not judge them for it. i just want nothing to do with them ; that's all."
b"some people aren't loyal to you, they are loyal to their need of you. once their needs change, so does their loyalty."
b'some people are so negative. just enjoy the game! " no the a -league is worse than the south sudanese league "'
b'some people are soo fake + lie to you interested'
b'some people can not watch or see what they say, people really need to watch what they say cause things can happen or break their friendship'
b'some people did this in hannover to show theyre respect and prayers for people all over the world'
b'some people go out for a cigarette break we go out for a social media break'
b'some people i just want to kick out of my life but i just leave them so they can see how am i getting better than them smirking face'
b"some people in this world need to watch what they say because once it's out there they can not take it back."
b'some people just never grow up face with tears of joy'
b'some people lose friends like sluts loosing their virginity.'
b'some people need to watch what they say'
b'some people really need to learn how to wear extensions or not wear them at all.'
b'some ppl are subtle hoes & some ppl are not so subtle hoes who are you going to be today'
b'some ppl jus have that thing you can not teach they was born winners trophy'
b'some ppl you know for a very short period and just with them, others you know for lifetime and never get along with'
b"some serious photoshop going into this girls photo on the train... it's quite an impressive effort"
b'some teens are addicted to drugs some teens are addicted to smoking and i am here, addicted to food my parents should be proud of me'
b'something big is gonna happen today and my horoscope just told me to go through with it.'
b'something came in the mail today. " you a real one smiling face with sunglasses thanks for selling autographed merch for so cheap'
b'something fucked up my tv and i do not know what happen after they save that dumb fucks ass'
b'something great is happening at midnight'
b'something is not right'
b'somethings not right. im abt to go thru his papers rn'
b'some things really do become more clear when you hear urself explain it to someone else'
b'something we all need to remember'
b'sometimes. 2 ppl just arnt ment to be together it has nothing to do with one or another just arnt right for eachother'
b'sometimes doing the right thing 4 a loved 1 hurts, especially if they resist your help and get angry.'
b'sometimes having crazy, hilarious and loving friends can be the reason why it is still okay to have no love life for now.'
b'sometimes i can not tell if is serious or not?'
b"sometimes i'd like to be my cat face with tears of joy"
b'sometimes i drink too much sometimes i test your trust sometimes i do not know why you stay with me i am hard to love'
b"sometimes i feel like a negative person.. then i get on twitter & see how worse everyone's lives are."
b"sometimes i forget i can be really sarcastic/sassy, seriously can not help it, it's my defense mechanism"
b'sometimes i forget that i am 19 and feel really intimidated by 20 year olds... who are at most like 1. 5 years older than me'
b'sometimes i forget that taeil actually has tattoos and when i do remember it just hits me how beautiful and nice they are on him'
b'sometimes i like long bus rides, i do not want them to end no matter how much of a waste of time it is. it can be so free of obligations'
b'sometimes i sound really sarcastic when i am actually not. sorry.'
b"sometimes, it's not the pain that makes you suffer ; it's your own negative thoughts that make things seem worse."
b'sometimes its really hard to believe that everything happens for a reason.'
b'sometimes i want to die for a day and just watch and see who really cares'
b'sometimes i will just get annoyed with people randomly. like i do not even have a real reason but their presence just bothers me'
b'sometimes i wish i could go back in life not to change shit but feel a couple things twice'
b'sometimes i wish i have a cool birthmark. but then i remember i do have an awesome on that looks like dirt on the side of my face smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'sometimes i wish i was 25 with my life figured out & sometimes i wish i was 5 with my whole life ahead of me and not a care in the world'
b'sometimes i wish i was hispanic so i can have a quince white frowning face'
b'sometimes i wonder am i the crazy one or is everyone else crazy'
b'sometimes i wonder if i am a student to learn the working world or i am already a staff working disappointed but relieved face'
b"sometimes i wonder... maybe i should've shared that picture, or forwarded that email... maybe then my crush might tell me he loved me"
b"sometimes mum randomly orders me presents and does not tell me... today she's sent me salted caramel coffee syrup the same as costa use smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'some times new boots are just what a day requires.'
b'sometimes paper cuts are deeper than they appear.'
b'sometimes the best way to be happy is to learn to let go of things you tried hard to hold on to that are no longer good for you.'
b'sometimes the laugh is funnier than the joke itself.'
b'sometimes the love i get from people is just too much'
b"sometimes, the person you'd take a bullet for ends up being the one behind the gun. - tupac"
b"sometimes those who do not socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people."
b'sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.'
b'sometimes you just gotta realize that your feelings are important and get rid of all negative vibes'
b'sometimes you just need a good hug and someone to listen feeling loved'
b'sometimes we focus so much on what we do not have that we fail to see, appreciate, and use what we do have! " jeff dixon'
b'sometimes we just say " i just want you to be happy " but deep inside in our hearts we know, we still want to be their happiness'
b'sometimes when i drink too much coffee i feel like i do not need to blink anymore'
b'sometimes when i say " im okay " what i really want is for someone to hold my hand look me in the eyes & say " i know ur not okay here is'
b"sometimes, when you read the convo with crush, she comes online & drops a 'hi' so you have to scroll back from the main part which makes you smile"
b"sometimes you can tell it's going to be a bad day when someone you do not like is smiling."
b'sometimes you gotta drop a smiling face with heart shaped eyes on him so you know its real for the one time'
b'sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.'
b"sometimes you have to stop worrying. have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how it's meant to be."
b'sometimes you just need a glass of water and to charge your phone (@ balcony lounge in new york, ny )'
b'sometimes you just need to lay on the floor'
b'sometimes you just need to relax and trust that things will work out. let go a little and let life happen.'
b'sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.'
b'sometime you have to let a good roast opportunity go because you do not wan to end their career too early'
b'some tweets by a member of national assembly. your comments?'
b'somewhere in the desert of nevada, there is a touch of green.'
b'so much built up anger, frustration, and disappointment.. time to release it all and move on'
b'i remember i was really intimidated but the tables have turned'
b"so much for, ' i do not think i will find someone like that anymore ' all bullshits."
b'so much fun with this lot last night! absolutely love those girls. so much fun microphone'
b'so much love being spread about the album, i feel full of joy! have you all heard it yet? x'
b'so much love tonight! thank you so much! i can not even. i can not express how grateful i am for such a wonderful community. thank you! 3'
b'so much trouble topping up my account since my accident that i was convinced i had no money in bank but checked today & not so.'
b'so my big sister is currently in a super bad flare and in the hospital trying to get it under control and were ranting about hospitals. face with tears of joy'
b'so my little sister just messaged on facebook to ask if it is thursday when my dad and step mom are at home with her she is hilarious'
b"sone's of the earth, have faith, hyo's hair is going to look cool af when it's styled for the concert"
b'sones singing into the new world for the girls im getting emotional this is so beautiful i gtg'
b'song 8 love in the dark soooo good honestly it just keeps getting better wow the chorus of this song smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'songs aren\'t necessarily about what people think they are about. " on new song perfect.'
b'songs bring back sooo many memories'
b'so nice to be back'
b"so nice to be back from uni at normal o 'clock for a change sleeping face"
b'so nice to be back home'
b'so nice to be back home god how i missed my bed smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so nice to be back in ak. found my hockey sticks already... if only i knew where my skates are.'
b"so nice to be back in la. y'all ready for"
b'so nice to be back in leeds'
b'so nice to finally shower under a shower head that was actually taller than me'
b'son if you play with my bestfriend then you playing with me'
b'aww \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f he does love some sexy dancing now and then aha face with tears of joy he busted some moves at the reading book signing aswell aha xx'
b'so no awkward trans conversations either'
b'do not let the fuckin kids yell you drinking is bad lol drink on brotha'
b'so now we can kiss? i am really having a great day! i do not feel sick no more weary face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hope my dream of meeting the cast will come true! wish to see my names amongst the few lucky winners!'
b'middle fingers up if you do not give a fuck :v'
b'soo much fun with the extra bedrest'
b"ha he's sitting with me at dinner right now and we put a cow keychain by his plate"
b'soon as i get home today, ima be knocked'
b'soon as y\'all about to have sex she at the door yelling " keisha no! we have to go home "'
b'so one of my parents has broke my favourite mug but neither of them have owned up or apologised'
b'sooo glad i do not have classes for the next 11 days and off for the next 7 days! oooh this will be fun!?'
b'sooo happy school ended at 12 today and started at 8:20 (bless ptc ) also happy that they did not go!'
b'sooo happy to be at work'
b'soooo excited for this cross country meet!'
b'face with tears of joy soooo glad i do not have this problem.'
b'soooo i still havent started this assignment sleeping face'
b"soooo looking forward to dressing up all christmassy & going to the food banks & children's ward at crosshouse, what a lovely idea \xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xe2\x9b\x84\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'hehehe glad you know \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87just kidding love you ok'
b'soooooo " the walk to paradise garden " by william eugene smith (1946)'
b'soooooo i woke up this morning with my boyfriend by my side'
b'soooooo looking forward to being home tomorrow night. but really wishing there would be a hockey game for me to go to. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"soooooooo i made this mashup of do not x marvin's room"
b'its just so i dont have to say it myself smiling face with halo'
b'sophie is home safe and sound good date lost 11 -19 -2015 - date reunited 11 -20 -2015'
b'good we are so happy you love it as much as we do, gorgeous! enjoy! face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'lol! can not wait to read the complaints of how you need more sleep... in case you can not tell, yes that is'
b': thank you we\'re going to miss you! " cute last day moments smile'
b'so pretty much nailed it with regard to glenn on the walking dead.'
b'so proud to a part of purples football and i am looking forward to seeing many former players at our thanksgiving night practice!'
b'so proud to be the ohs football head coach! our future is bright, looking forward to it!'
b'so put my wrestling dvd and cd collection in althebetical order did got quite an impressive collection'
b'so ready to be home and eat good food and sleep in my big bed and be bummy weary face'
b"so ready to go home. this hospital crap ain't for me."
b'so real madrid lost? and man shitty lost too... oh and man utd won again... great weekend'
b'sore is an understatement'
b'sore lips are the worst.'
b'sore sort of fracas on the road. living in vicinity of the holiday inn is the best/worst'
b'sore throats are the worst'
b'sore throats are the worst things in the entire world'
b'sore throats are the worst worst worst worst worstttttt'
b'sore throat = the worst symptom. i actually might prefer crying blood.'
b'i hope you do not do red neck shit like that'
b'sorry about the lack of participation in after-con festivities, i am still really sick sad'
b'sorry boo yeah i lied to you but do not you lie to me'
b'sorry but i am not gonna be happy for kyle. you can hate me all you want and say shit but i really just do not give a fuck'
b'sorry, but i am really not a fan of getting stared down for no good reason.'
b'sorry does not mean shit to me smiling face with sunglasses'
b"sorry folks, here is the correct schedule. wasn't feeling good this morning. my apologies - jasmine"
b"that's attractive"
b'sorry, i am not going crazy. but i am tired of falling back to prayers when government should be held responsible for people killed in yola'
b'sorry im really awkward omg but 5sos honestly mean so much to me if only they knew \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'sorry i was inactive yesterday, im really sick'
b"sorry karla! that shouldn't happen. was this for an automatic renewal? can you please send us a private"
b'sorry to change my handle, but i could not resist.'
b'sorry to hear you have to deal with people doing that. not right!'
b'sorry to switch topics, but i am seriously contemplating if is my new favorite actor. this is not taken to lightly'
b'sorry warhill fans. this one is on me. hidden valley now leads lions 11 -9 in set 3'
b"sorry you couldn't make it today we've let it sink in, pretty good isn't it...?! winking face"
b'so sad i can not live tweet tonight. doing something very cool but wish i could be w you all! how bout a periscope after w coast?'
b"so sad to hear about what's happening in paris. praying for those who have been affected. stay safe everyone."
b'so sad waking up and reading all the tweets, got me teary pensive face please stay safe'
b'so sad when your favorite actor starts becoming a disappointment.'
b"- so sad you did not go to bryson last night but you're such a good friend & i can not wait to hang w you relieved face"
b'so salty my dad gave up our tickets to the cards game tomorrow night'
b'so sick of everyone i fucking hate people'
b'so sick of waking up at 3 or 4 am before clinical and never falling back asleep. why cant my body ever let me sleep'
b'so silent before storm? chennai you scaring me worry chennairains'
b'so sleepy.. & these meds got me feeling wired face with cold sweat'
b"so so proud of the boys they deserve all these great things that's happening i am so happy for my babies"
b'so so so so happy today is friday. it just keeps getting better and better grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'so stoked with that result... raced hard and raced smart. good turnout on twitch and joined me on the track. great night smile'
b'so stressed and upset when i do not need to be'
b"sos : when's the last day of office work in the govt before christmas break? smile"
b'so tell me why my parents are so strict for no good reason unamused face'
b'so tempted to cut my hair again loudly crying face i do not think long hair is my thing lol.'
b'so thankful to be on tour with everyone we have been with this last month. these dudes mean so much to me'
b'so the northern governors forum resolved that they can no longer pay minimum wage due to petroleum crisis? no shame?'
b'so the school of rock cast reunited to perform again is the best thing ever'
b'so the thumps up gesture is an insult in iraq.'
b'so, the word of the year is something that symbolizes a word (emoji )'
b'so this is happening. yep, i am with the mockingjay.'
b'so this is the last day to enjoy happiness (jk ) bcs work months are coming okkk'
b"so tired but hi there it's my 20th birthday whos excited im excited good"
b"s/o to all of our new followers! we appreciate the love and look forward to connecting with ya '! every blessing"
b"s/o to all the people who are loyal to their partners. ya'll stay winning"
b's/o to bro a cool chill nigga, everybody go and follow him'
b'so today i found out im highly allergic to crab and now im covered in hives and having a hard time breathing s/o to me'
b'so today i got my first tattoo. and i am very happy with it. and i also got tragus pierced today.'
b"so today i am sporting the'dragged through a hedge backwards ' look - i think i pull it of"
b'so today i saw a newer model chevy caprice! looks nothing like the old ones but it was a caprice.'
b's/o to for being my a1 since freshman year. you piss me off occasionally but i love you tons & thanks for the idea for shootouts'
b's/o to friends i dont talk to anymore, life got crazy but we had a good run & our memories are priceless, i hope everything is going good.'
b's/o to mrs. greer for this awesome wssu/livingstone door! can you picture your face there?'
b's/o to my homeboy chris for insisting that i take a cigarette break.'
b's/o to my sissy for cleaning the room victory hand'
b"so tonight marks the end of chem lab for this semester and holy shit i couldn't be happier"
b"so, tonight with on we're after your stories of taking your driving test. would you pass it now? 03459811111"
b's/o to for the dm'
b"s/o to the women who aren't afraid to date a man who's a work in progress and help build him up. too many women want a finished project."
b's/o to as they lead worship at nebraska youth convention. can not wait to hear the awesome things god does this weekend!'
b'so true!'
b"i'll stop when you stop being adorable which will never happen"
b"sound check. premiering a brand new song. ama's tonight at 8 est on abc. let's get it!"
b'sounded so beautiful singing baby its cold outside'
b'sounds kinda boring but i can not wait to decorate my own house and pick what furniture i want when i move out house with garden'
b'sounds like an awesome opportunity to us! is your company hiring? email'
b'sounds like fun'
b"sounds like you've had this conversation for me"
b'so usaa (my credit card company ) sent me an email about " how to extend my holiday budget "... extend my credit limit then i can. shiiiidddd'
b'south phoenix always keeps it classy'
b'south town was fun i guess \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'brilliant face with tears of joy face with tears of joy grinning face'
b"so, we ' is this, money coming from"
b'so we may be having a new fleet of maritime patrol aircraft - did not we just scrap all the nimrods after multi million \xc2\xa3 upgrades?!'
b'so we need to do something now'
b'so what about that second shower scene with'
b"so.. what's this new thing in school everyone's talking about"
b'so what we get drunk? so what we smoke free? the fuck is this song'
b'so while i was in the shower.. i swear half my hair fell out \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b"so who's excited about rest ur love being the next single? out on the 27th! xx"
b"so who taking ya boi to the d? i've been twice for the little caesar bowl and with ge. my nig spud was foolin!"
b'so wizkid should feature davido? " : i want sleep persevering face "'
b"so y'all think gay is an insult...? justin is a great influence"
b'hey look its two cool people and a loser who cant draw (aka me. )'
b'so you know its real'
b'so you know its real. smiling face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d'
b'so you know its real yeah we foul'
b'so you\'re actually pretty it\'s not just the filter " i was told this yesterday.'
b'spaces by 1d if i could fly by 1d secret love song pt ii little mix'
b'spagbol for tea tonight get in there'
b"and i'd make sure my fridge is stocked all full, just for you! 3"
b'spare room at your house? starting a &b is the perfect way to earn some extra cash!'
b"eh! that is a good ending! i like the story! it's great! i laughed and jumped! i just... idk want a little more?"
b'speaking as a completely objective third party observer with absolutely no personal interest in the matter'
b'speaking with wisdom as always but twitter is full of children with limited capacity to grasp fully. crying face'
b'speak to l &g on social purpose'
b'some people would give their right arm to work in a carbon fibre factory. can not believe he gave that up ;-)'
b'ringside gets right in there telling you how it is'
b'special shout out to maxim dubarenco, the big hitting young belorussian was the tecnifibre offical hitter last'
b'spending all weekend with baby. this should be great smirking face'
b'spending money on food like \xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f\xf0\x9f\x8d\x94\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'spending my days with these losers is an absolute joy'
b'spending the night in na...'
b'spend more time with friends and family and less time in the kitchen with pita house holiday catering.'
b'spent 2 hours editing in the lab, now i have to go to target, eat dinner, clean my room a little bit and finish editing before 11 tonight smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'spent hours in front of my school-related stuff only to learn nothing'
b"have you heard her new song hollow? it's so good ;a ;"
b'so is basically the love child of sexy, smart, cool, & creative... we need more humans like him in the world'
b"canceled flights and terrible communication. not a good way to retain customers. you've lost my business."
b'splash cars will have you turning a boring gray town into a colorful monstrosity : by'
b'i had a really sarcastic reply prepared for you but instead i am just going to go with " autocorrect "'
b'the fry cook games'
b'when spongebob and patrick wrestle against each other, and they get really hot and muscular.'
b'when spongebob was a comedian & kept talking about sandy lolilet dhese hoes think what thy wonna'
b'sponsume thanks for following me on twitter!'
b'same i was so happy to see u! lmao that guy came up to us n was like " you guys started this party "'
b"you are the most amazing person i know and i love you so much and wow honestly you're just so great you're like my best friend"
b"his fg % should be great. he needs to look to pass first. now, that's what gets him going."
b'i can head butt the net every once in awhile...'
b'i am already sick of hearing about the warriors and curry, i do not hate them but can you guys talk about anything else going on'
b'sports get my mind off of the stressful things in my life.'
b'national football league notes : packers say rodgers is healthy'
b'i wonder what ron in freaking midland is gonna say about robb smith monday... i feel like kicking my dog \xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0'
b"spot on at least prog 1 rt : 'islam, the untold story ' then the paralympics. comedy gold, all night long."
b'spotted : doing keepy-ups outside the etihad stadium'
b'spreading the magic like peanut butter! food is love! thank you powerhouse this night rocked the raging skillet!'
b'spread love in this evening with manwa laage... most romantic song of 2014 couple with heart join us'
b'spread the tag with love and use it to tweet and retweet ok hehehe thanks'
b'that link you posted the youtube vids - melb hipsters are lame. the sydney vid even got the accent right!'
b'knowing i could meet louise when she comes to scotland next year makes me beyond excited and happy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you start drinking early tonight. lol'
b"spurs have become everything we used to be, attacking free flowing football at it's best"
b"aw, that's so generous!... no credit card for you though"
b'- roll on tomorrow :-/'
b'wanted something clean and simple. grey is included to add a subtle design element. white kit to be paired with white shorts.'
b'very happy birthday to you. you are one of the finest that i have worked with.'
b'waiting for your next movie to release. had been a fan of yours since 1980s. watched almost all the hindi movies of yours.'
b"srk and kajol will launch the first song - a romantic track 'gerua ' - from at an event in mumbai tomorrow [wed ]."
b'i was so impatient that i downloaded the video itself and coverted into. mp3 smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"srry denying it does not mean it's not right but some choose to be blind willing"
b'beautiful women and swimsuits, usually means brain mush. we should still (at least try ) being respectful, not creepy, though.'
b'ahahhaa you really are pale but i like paleness kinda dunno maybe you should just get earlier to sleep today since its friday smile'
b"turn around as you shower so your face does not get water on it that's what i do"
b"no stacey this isn't even funny my big sister done it n thought it was hilarious"
b"though the reason he's like this is not so good"
b'stade de france explosion kills three in paris after'
b'staff meeting was successful and so was our trip to eat tacos smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'*standing in front of the door, hair wet and in a towel* " did you just shower?! 0. o " " no, i just took a shit -____ - " lmao?'
b'stands at fenway filled with people singing alma mater is the most beautiful sight these eyes have ever seen'
b"*stands outside the shop front on a cigarette break, coat pulled tightly round her* freezin ' me arse off out 'ere."
b'enjoy your takeaway starbucks at home with partylite candles from mine on 23/11 at 19:30!'
b'stardocfest provides a good example of something to'
b'thanks for the mention hope you are having a great day'
b'not saying that i totally get what rose brings to the table. but with out him the players club together.'
b"no you're amazing! at it and it makes you very happy and that makes me happy plus you make others happy so good"
b"by herself but she is great at it ha love her, more emily screen time it's what i need hehehe"
b'too bad yall could not handle our qb!'
b'started christmas shopping today. let me just say, my bank account is not happy with me. \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85'
b'started cycle with at 14:39, on a new route, see, cyclemeter will speak your replies to me.'
b"started from hansen's class, now we here. happy birthday to a near and dear friend hope to see you soon!"
b"started listening to my holiday music today and am shocked i never noticed before how totally creepy 'baby, it's cold outside ' is."
b'started on the eighth doctor big finish stories this morning. immediately impressed, love conversation between him and charley about hiding.'
b"started the year so happy and since april i've been as miserable as fuck, everything has gone wrong weary face want things back to normal"
b'started xmas shopping early this yr. thinking about the man-gifts from bonobos : good wife = happy life!'
b'starting my day off with some nice encouragement from my mom..'
b'starting to come back from the worst state ever. what does not kill you makes you stronger. literally this time.'
b'start new! i never had this problem with my iphone only stupid android! like fuck you!'
b'start with uncovering his nose'
b'starving after a long 48min plane ride \xf0\x9f\x98\x82! lol food time! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'easily one of the most graphically spot on games this year, absolute joy to play!'
b'star wars battlefront is a colossal disappointment for me. battlefront 2 is one of my favorite games of all time. this is awful'
b"if we assume that cfc need \xc2\xb172 pts for 4th, they'd need an improvement of \xc2\xb11. 2 pts/game on current form till end of season. (1/2)"
b'stats check out the full time stats of 4 -0 win in against real madrid'
b'stats full time statistics for possession against real madrid in'
b'stats how possession was shared out in the first half of'
b'stayed on very well there. quite an impressive comeback'
b'staying alcohol free till mad friday.'
b'staying up late is the devil! i keep waking up and falling back to sleep! i am up for the day finally but now i will not be able to sleep ):'
b'stay safe on the roads this weekend, and if you can, avoid them!'
b'stay safe'
b"stay safe this international men's day. make sure your man is at least 165 degrees in the center"
b'i mean she set damon on fire because of how caroline turned out after she got turned. and enzo intentionally put caroline in'
b'stay tuned for our rundown of the & headlines you need to know about. catch up and sign up'
b'happy b day cuddie turn up and stay safe'
b': from saturday, active servicemen and nsmen can bring their camera-enabled smartphones into 14 army camps " lol'
b"steak 'n shake after the hockey game tonight is all i am looking forward to face savouring delicious food"
b"that's awesome! i know you will enjoy it! thank you for the support!"
b'bro you lost by 4 stfu man fucking shitty'
b'stellar performance with style to match. this is the 2016 nissan 370z :'
b'the boston -philly train next tuesday was my usual thanksgiving train. i used to hate it because it was always packed'
b'i am so happy to see colbert sad. such a self important, smarter than the room douche.'
b'lol this why 1day i might buy you a drink even tho your a devout republican wink wink copyright laws need amendment'
b"that's awesome! hope everything's going great out there! definitely jealous! it's cold and rainy here expressionless face"
b"hope you've had a great day too xxx"
b'were getting pics done this weekend like an announcement session hehe but thank you love!'
b"you're such an inspiration for the youth of america"
b'stepping outside right when it starts snowing'
b'grass aint greener on the other side is it you absolute snake of a cunt.'
b'ha how did that feel you little rat?! grass isnt always greener is it?! bellend -1'
b'sterling you cunt. the grass isnt always greener on the other side you greedy snakey cunt hahahahahahahhaa'
b"do not they look so much better when they are sleeping in each others's arms?"
b"i know right face with tears of joy like bye the two children i carried in my belly for months, bye stefan who i've loved since 4ever, bye bon"
b'i do not care if you do not care what i think though.'
b"ha that's awesome! what a lucky dog. we miss him but glad he is so happy"
b"that's great news. hope all keeps going well for you."
b'stfu.. let me die in peace..'
b'stfu, no it don\'t! " : we all know! " : we all know who heart ur clos to lol jkjk " "'
b'still did not get my " if the world ends i love you " text.'
b'still failed the econ test redo shocker shocker'
b'the prayers are a way for people to show their respect and condolences and a way for people to become more aware'
b"still foolin ' 'em : where i've been, where i am going, and where the hell are"
b'still heartbroken that i lost my mac lipstick last time i was out'
b'still lost on kids bcos they cant fucking drive and theyre stupid shitty bikes done even have gears probably ha little fuckers'
b'still no reply.. guess i am right face with tears of joy'
b'still one of my dream teams will always be'
b'still quite an impressive 31 yard catch by marquez, unfortunate on the penalties killing the momentum on the play.'
b'still shocked on how osu lost unbelievable'
b'still time to bid on some fab items in our auction like this xmas cushion. do not miss out'
b'still waitin fer new album'
b'still waiting for danny to knock me out but that probably will not happen bc of his weak ass ramen and ramen is the true test of character'
b"still waiting for someone to explain kevin love's headband situation"
b"stocks :5 things to know before the open : here's what you need to know about the markets before you start your"
b"+ him unbearable shocked were the ward that the older's gave to him, leaving a red marks dwells within his pale cold skin \xe2\x80\x94 +"
b'stomach hurt so bad face with cold sweat about to get in the shower & lay down'
b'why is this so funny lol'
b'ya never know when something crazy could happen'
b"stop buy and check out this little doll on her cam for free. it's incredible. come see! 6"
b'stop dating these low lifes that have fuck the police and stick their middle finger out in pictures... these are future dead beat fathers lol'
b'stop everything! what?!?! " : the harry potter books are now available on audible smile good'
b'stop in and check out this conversation sofa!'
b'stop making blonde hair harry edits theyre scaring me'
b'stop making fun of people who are " " " " too invested in fiction " " " " thank you v much'
b'stop snapping me \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad'
b'stop snapping me, i really do not care.'
b'stop snapping me. just stop'
b'stop snapping while driving -_-'
b'stop taking all these photo shoots before you get hurt'
b'stop talking shit pare it aint cool ha'
b'stop the cycle before its too late, before you know it relationship abuse will have taken over your whole life'
b'stop trying so hard for people who do not care.'
b'stop using gay as an insult. stop using gay as an insult. stop using gay as an insult. stop using gay as an insult.'
b'holy smoke... jerico received a tbss storm on monday 16/11 and now intense storm again?shame how much more can these people endure?'
b'straightening my hair will be the death of me'
b'straight people think the media is only meant to cater to them. thats why they see gay representation as a problem.'
b'strangers think i am quiet. my friends think i am outgoing. my best friends think i am completely insane.'
b'strange what a day we went, and it hurts to see what we are today.'
b"'cause supposedly, inmates take a special kind of interest in child-molesters. so i hope they release their frustration on him"
b'stream 151122 naver v app 10 minutes before new song release with got7'
b"strength to pass any test. i feel like i am so blessed. with you in control. i can not go wrong. cause i'll always know. i am gonna be ready."
b"can pull us apart, but god's will always bind us back together. read :"
b'stressed about weight gain? keep an eye out for our infographic to find out why you do not need to be!'
b'stressed about school and fucking mad as fuck about other things that i do not need this is ridiculous'
b'stressed? a little trick is to take a cool bath, sit down on a lazy man chair & rub your palms on both sides of your forehead'
b'stressed is an understatement'
b'stressed out! what can teachers do about it! |'
b'stressed & slouching? try these yoga poses you can do at your desk : (no, you do not need to be a yogi to do them ).'
b'stressed would be an understatement of how i am feeling right now'
b'stress got me feeling like i am living in a real life nightmare confused face'
b'stress indicator survey... no thanks. i do not need a survey to know i am stressed'
b'strictly come dancing at blackpool tower'
b'strictly come dancing bosses slammed for having anastacia perform 15 year old'
b'my fave place to eat in the world, right here in the little town of starkville.?'
b"struggled for 45 minutes this morning to find my silver jacks & come to find out, they're 2 and half hours away.."
b'struggle when i get home i gotta take my mom to buy a new stove she do not like my trap house stove loudly crying face'
b'struggling to get traffic to your blog? 25 % increase with the right blog titles -'
b'student arrested after killing neighbor in cock fighting theft case in bacolod'
b'student asked why do not faculty know about what\'s happening and requested an answer, and avp frazer said " that\'s a great idea. "'
b'if your dad will let you sit there'
b'study : carbon pollution cut by 11 % if bicycling increased to 14 percent of urban miles traveled by 2050'
b'studying interviews with the best and their top ten success rules... working on myself is a huge part of my career'
b'study : young women feeling most stress from modern life'
b'now i want a bang lol'
b'well, i can only say this " vote the way your heart tells you the way think you should!'
b'stupid android and its stupid forced updates. i want nothing to do with them. :l'
b'stupid wisconsin wtf is wrong with you'
b'texting actually separates people as much as it brings others together.'
b'i swear omg this is so sweet i do not deserve you'
b'proud is an understatement bro smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"oh my goodness! what a beautiful way to spend your day off! love when things like that happen! where's the lovely bouquet from?"
b"- when are a little extra but you're.. just letting them be themselves face with tears of joy"
b'subtle infiltration hastakenoverourwhite house you will be shocked isis plan to conquer america | shira sorko -ram.'
b'subtle influence in relation to sending the end off kids gifts in passage to india : qxte'
b'subtle momentum shift as miura dictating the pace in round four. vargas sticking and moving, conscious of cut under his eye'
b'subtle reminder you guys mentioned three nights in pdx in 2016 at lovely edgefield under the stars... yes, please'
b'and life is a nightmare! im just a kiiiiiid i know that its not fair!'
b'goooood lmao summer is coming in with a bang'
b"subway star's child sex scandal hits disgusting new low"
b'success and failure is a part of life but main thing is we should give our best 120/2 16 overs'
b'successful know the end of a sale is the start of a relationship'
b'successful garage sale, still have lots of shit to get rid of'
b'successful men never get distracted, the ones who fail are the ones who are easily seduced.'
b"success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. it's what you do for others. -danny thomas"
b'such a beautiful day...'
b'such a fun night relieved face'
b'such a funny night at noel fielding! never laughed so much face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'such a good day with wally! i am your own tutor!'
b'such a lovely story. maybe it takes the women to evoke the change in the world we want to see.'
b"such a nice day out, let's go swimming!"
b'such a shit start to my morning unamused face \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'such a sweet woman'
b'suck a great weekend \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"sucks when you would literally do anything for someone, but they couldn't careless about you."
b'suductive? " : girls are the sexiest with short hair. "'
b'we are actually going to the show tonight. should be great! and yes... we have the munchies smiling face with sunglasses'
b'suicide vs money (asking a homeless man )'
b'suing fanduel bc you lost for being shitty at fantasy sports is like me suing shop rite bc i burnt dinner. handle your shit people.'
b'does not understand why he failed physics when he did not go or hand in the labs'
b"if it's as fucked up as the comic, it should be great watch"
b'summer fruits is so yummy'
b"you're so yuck... but then again i wanna lick you relieved face"
b'summers over and it was shit. only sunny day was a bbq in north west with and hahhahaaa'
b'sums up my week on twitter.'
b'sunday 5. 45pm going native catalan connections small talk julie nash'
b"mafikeng never fails to over deliver! wow linda, you're the best winking face"
b'sunday is nearly over, nearly bedtime, it has been good :-d the house was quiet, people out with friends, caught up with recorded tv relaxed'
b'great news for all the fans at sunderland i am sure he will do an awesome job. we still miss him at alty though! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'follow back?'
b'got a vacation place at surf city... might see you again'
b'sunny hpbseventeen it be wonderful one year sun with face'
b'i try to do things outside and active with her. kids these days sit on their ass and do nothing. her favorite place is the zoo'
b'sunshinephillester : philstrash : ok but according to dans twitter poll, dan and phil are our dads, implying'
b'with much. i am a beginner. i am really intimidated by this challenge.'
b'i felt bad for making one for kyle but not brick. i love you brick!'
b'super excited 4 tmrw is gonna perform on 2 of my fav songs gun gun gunaye & aaja nachle pc & madhuri'
b'super excited for grand slam'
b'super excited for next month. i love christmas'
b"super excited for thanksgiving! because it's my turn to cook! whoo!"
b'super excited for this morning! smile so blessed to have dr sam chand'
b'super excited for tomorrow and need to be getting to bed'
b'super excited for tomorrow man, thank you god for all blessings & opportunities'
b'super excited - my " men\'s shirt dress experiment " just shipped from looking forward to taking it for a spin in the showroom!'
b'super excited to be part of the orange county christmas extravaganza on 12/23! tix are on sale now!'
b'super excited to meet harry s today at abc3'
b'super excited to run 17 miles at practice today.'
b'super excited to see & next week face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes eeepp 3 amigos reunited heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'super excited to watch today!'
b'super fun day. good to have a guys night out every once in a while'
b'super fun night! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'super fun night all around. thanks & and got lucky and got to bring home with him!'
b'super fun night thanks jacklyn! you looked beautiful \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'super fun night with and thank you for choosing ottawa for the last night of your tour.'
b'super fun night with hanging out with cool artists and talking about new photos coming soon smile'
b'super fun night with'
b'super fun night with my favorites! grateful to have them in my life! smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'super fun time last night at with the team. so great to meet you, via'
b'super happy my teacher decided to not show up for class when we have an exam next week'
b'sup kids i just woke up after waking up and falling back asleep'
b'hi i already file a case and i reply from it but until now it has no reply please help me recover my account'
b'sureeee. " : smile and let them wonder why. "'
b"surely not right?... but i'd bet it is"
b'sure you have a pretty face, but do you have a beautiful soul?'
b'surface tablets are the biggest pieces of shit i swear.'
b'" we need to start investing more in prevention... "'
b'surgery went well. thank yall for all of your prayers.'
b'surprised to learn is ending their successful program where 1 % of every redcard sale goes to schools.'
b'surprise uni visit from one of my favourite humans today'
b'surrender and let the universe catch you via'
b'survey : dinner remains a bargain ; for a family of 10'
b'surviving middle school when you do not have a superpower and everyone else does.'
b'sushi for dinner with alex on belmont blvd'
b"can you let us know who wins mate. devastated i can not be watching because it'll be a cracker"
b'- yeah... this guy has no agenda at all'
b'omg i wish ppl would just walk up to me and say " hey ur cool lets be friends " i am down for a new friend any day'
b'suzy is so cute and precious 3'
b'swag is just a shortened version of swagger. thanks nick i did not know that!'
b'swag_on_bieebs : i love you to death justin bieber'
b'swag pays my bills'
b'swag quad feed : via'
b'swag twitter users | twiends directory'
b'swans, pigs, and the cia : an unlikely radio story shortwave radio is boring, right? maybe not. you never know'
b'sam d will kill you lads face with tears of joy good luck! hope this pays for a trip to maga to bang loads of northerners next summer!'
b'swear 2 god talaga if ms is gonna be like " adam and eve, not adam and steve " imma adam and leave'
b"swear i ain't gone let any bihh just play with me!"
b'swear! i do not understand people nowadays'
b'swear i hate this bitch'
b'swear im going smack face off smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'swear i never hear about anyone going to arbys'
b"swear i've just been woken up by a woman screaming, bizarre"
b'swear my sister laugh b so hilarious i can not face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'swear see when my pals take like 5 hours tae reply tae a text a just want ae sweet chin music them when a see them'
b'swear she a ten if i forgot to mention'
b'swear work be turnt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy even tho i swear ion be wanting to go'
b'sweat pants and a tshirt to school tomorrow because it is -34 degrees outside'
b'*sweats* i-i want azami to run me over with her scooter while still following the traffic laws'
b"ha i wasn't thinking that, i swear winking face face with tears of joy i hate being an adult and paying debts off ha xxx"
b'i say yes. do i need to watch any other show first before watching?'
b'sweet little pet owl uses mushroom as umbrella during sudden rainstorm'
b"regardless of what it's considered, it takes a good athlete to become a good dancer."
b'i got no shame, the man on the way to scoop as we speak too lol'
b"ha no people would laugh at me and point it so i do not think i do.. my sister does though it's hilarious"
b'switched 2 a favorite of mine. t illusione was a disappointment, never stayed lit and tough draw.'
b'switch on your brain : the key to peak happiness, thinking, and'
b"great day at principals ' council and great things happening for kansas kids."
b"why hello there. i wonder who's shots are better? smile"
b'never too late to try again'
b"ikr there's no shame in that because amsterdam is literally awesome face with tears of joy"
b"ignorance is bliss. people see what they want to see and refuse to accept anything that's not what they want"
b"sydney billionaire james packer keeps gloating about how much he's making out of crown. city of melb should double his rate bill to"
b'sydney fc escape with point in goalless a -league draw with perth glory'
b'i texted anyway'
b"ummm there's really no good reason face with tears of joy"
b'my chemistry went down 2 i hate her. & she the only teacher who do not wanna give us no extra credit stuff expressionless face'
b"it's a shame it wasn't already carried out. if that guy with the boat did not need a smoke, bastard would have died"
b'if there was gas in the room it would of exploded from your fart tbh'
b'white smiling face " symbol of disrespect/insult when you get it as a reply'
b"syrian kids are drowning in the sea conservative christian paul ryan : it's better to be safe than sorry, so i am gonna have to let em drown"
b'this is love hehehe'
b'whoa there i love america buddy do not know about pipes or bombs hehe mix me up a tall glass of democracy tho ha yup thats me'
b'tacoma update and also i need to charge my phone.'
b'its the cat waking up and then falling back asleep on its side'
b"taehyung's hair is actually really cute though wtf is wrong with y'all"
b'take a pill goodnight assholes'
b"take a long time to reply and i'll take twice as long smile"
b"take a look back at cyrus villanueva's journey on 'x factor australia '"
b'take an uncensored season 1 trip down memory lane this now!'
b"take a peak at yesterday's post. the only one for me -"
b'take a peak : fun new places to stay in european ski resorts - the guardian'
b'take me shoppin in france and he pay in advance'
b"take me to a jb concert and i swear to god i'll marry you on the spot."
b'takes your away - this in'
b'take that nigga out man this is a man game hes playing like a little boy'
b"take the gas out the car it will not drive... that's how i feel when you're not by my side"
b'take the letter of apology, you said they wouldnt ask for much so why agree with the lawyers if they think its not right?'
b"take you to hell i ain't foolin ' can not you tell"
b'taking a course to learn a new language'
b'taking applications.'
b'taking long romantic walks... to the fridge. check the full recipe'
b'taking my boys into town today - awww good'
b'taking the energy out of her. * " i am proud of everything you have done and accomplished. momma is damn proud of her (9/12)'
b'taking the supercharged waverunner out tomorrow probably. i need an adrenaline rush.'
b'talk about a kick in the butt!'
b'talk about having a bad day smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'talking about lbj " we came in with big expectations, and a lot of people came out just to see him "'
b'talking about " tim tetrick is the master of getting a horse in position. " -'
b'prepaid card is just like the credit card that has credit limit or you just have to deposit first in the prepaid to use that'
b'can i submit requirements & form for increase in credit limit via email? also, can i use this credit card in other countries? tnx'
b'i am just surprised that he has a mom, he and yachi are the only ones who have like parents at all'
b"right like i guess it's cool for niggas to want to fight females sleeping face i wish my son would try to hit a bitch"
b'tammy told me i look too ratchet to go to walmart looking like this and im still going'
b'how do you kno so much abt them.. are you scaring us'
b'tangerine dream - the warsaw concert i am off to do something else... peace, love & independence'
b'wtf is wrong with her'
b'i know i never doubted him for a minute'
b'ha i was trying to watch a show and got so frustrated (it happens every day ), so i had to release some frustration.'
b'and from are from dfw and i am new to dallas. coincidence? i think not grinning face with smiling eyes does that make me creepy?'
b'3 loved having you behind me during the film i could feel your warm breath on my neck face with tears of joy'
b'tanzanians wake up each day to hear what maghufuli has done... kenyans go to sleep with what uhuru has promised!'
b'taping mistletoe to my butt so you can all kiss my ass'
b"it's because clevelands coach is the best in the game.. they will win state and coach roan needs to retire lol"
b'invite me next time.'
b'this is not so good! sunday should hv been much higher'
b'tara strong liked my tweet oh my god'
b'is talking and how to deal. what stresses you out most? tell us about it using'
b'well... i am glad i am not that creepy looking at least xd'
b'tass : world - explosion in kabul kills two - media'
b'taste of israeli occupation " we injected some subtle'
b'taste w ur eye, ears, lips & touch 2 know deep satisfaction & understanding. dream peace. rt'
b'ta -ta %3a how ratan rebuilt the house that jrd left him %20?p =437593'
b'tat his fucking name so you know its real'
b'tat my name on you so you know its real... yeah that part'
b'tatted so you know its real tag a friend that needs to face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'tattooed mayor makes senate bid : the expansive loft is a former car dealership -- everything in braddock is a'
b'tattoos are attractive idc what anybody says'
b'tattoos in the most inappropriate places'
b'tautomers : darecrow : i did the math and if the krusty krab closes at six and spongebob always arrives at'
b'lmao i had to. so you know its real ha smile'
b'okay so therefore why did you mention me knowing i could careless about you or your " 2cents0'
b'not sure what i am looking forward to most. this or star wars. in hindsight, i should of suggested that you dress up as vader'
b'taylor made me drive to corsicana and she did not even go out wasted gas i did not have.'
b'love you!?oh i am sure i will'
b'i miss playing with you all! loudly crying face'
b"taylor's buying us tickets to the golden state game tomorrow night. he's taking me to meet my future hubby smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"hey,taylor. my name is joe,i'm from china. i am a 16 year old boy. i like your music very."
b'if you can not follow me can you at least favorite one of my tweets everything i have ever wanted will have happened if you do'
b'i literally have spent half of my entire life fangirling over you. i feel so old. but who cares, i just really love you'
b'i love you \xf0\x9f\x92\x9d\xf0\x9f\x92\x99 heavy black heart lesbian'
b'i love you taylor. i am literally your number one fan. i hate boys too hehe xxxxx'
b'is liking the ig posts of her fans!!\xf0\x9f\x8e\x89 i do not know when she is going to notice me \xf0\x9f\x98\xa5!#taylorswift i love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x98\x98'
b"is the opposite of the normal person at the gym. she's trying to gain weight heart ain't complaining tho."
b"my son says when he's a big boy he wants to marry u, so do not worry your prince is only 16 years away"
b'post a photo with selena and caption it " justin bieber what up "'
b"so i have insomnia and for some reason you're music can make me fa asleep....it's magic!"
b'the credit card to get a credit limit. the same guy on the line? was the guy that helped me at hewlett packard!'
b'they blame 9/11 on anyone that may have am muslim name? omg? i love you tayali. =)'
b'to get a credit card with a 00 credit limit. my last card was thousands. now he states i have to call the hotline on'
b'why cant you see you belong with me eh eh eh!'
b'would love a rt for my partner who has terminal cancer, trying to raise donations for her bucket list'
b'taylor swift fucks over humanity, ends life on earth, writes catchy new song'
b'taylor swift never grow up'
b'taylor swift songs really made my day face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dear ex, saya terhibur face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'taylor swift top 5 songs :1. we are never ever getting back together 2. you belong with me 3. back to december. 4. style 5. never grow up'
b'taylor york is really sarcastic hahahahahhahah'
b'you know these pb hoes just be bandwagon lol'
b"you're about as subtle as a gun face with tears of joy"
b"thank you bunches. grinning face with smiling eyes we've just been blessed with great hair."
b'we ugly who we foolin'
b'tbh :goodlooking, cute my ex-roomate likes you hehe smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes \xe2\x80\x94 thank you syamim'
b'tbh guys w/ tattoos are hot lol'
b'tbh hello! you seem really nice and cool? ha hope to know you better aye! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xe2\x80\x94 thank you'
b'tbh hi! you seem really cool and pretty! hope to know you more! tongue \xe2\x80\x94 hello, thank you you too sure smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'tbh i am mostly looking forward to thanksgiving because it gives me a chance to dress. to. impress.'
b'tbh i really do not give a fuck nomore about anything'
b'tbh most london girls that have over a 1000 followers tweets are so shit yet they are so gassed because thirsty dudes beg them!'
b'tbh what men will not understand is that makeup actually brings us together.'
b'vermin said he got puck from first career point (assist ). " really awesome to be here. a dream come true. "'
b'i dunno it was amazing but i kinda " got over it " pretty fast after beating it. it was great though'
b"to the last time usc played at autzen stadium and ended oregon's home winning streak."
b'tcu fans look devastated face with tears of joy'
b"it was v cute 3 there's somethin abt re-enacting 80s horror movies using only eggs and synthetic fur that rly brings ppl together"
b"td. whew. hawks were scaring me there. playing better now. let's go hawks! i am wearing my hawks shirt"
b"im loved by most people's mums.. just a lovable person face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'teachers after thanksgiving : did you finish the homework? me :'
b'teach : is it okay with you guys if we have an hour lunch today? smirking face'
b'soooo you tweet in the dark about laying in the dark? sleeping face'
b'team bonding was sooooo much fun tonight! so many inside jokes and so many laughs face with tears of joy'
b"great episode but ranaji can be a little but oblivious to what's really happening, wish he would believe in gayetree more!"
b'correction : the screen did not reflect the right weight. jimmy actually got 668. 9lbs'
b'the last cool class was 2009'
b'team huddle at ucf! game tomorrow night 7 pm on espn3!'
b"team is lost like it was back in the 70's shitty decision making from up top sank this ship quick"
b'and have teamed up on something pretty cool and are giving away killer gamer gear. check it out :'
b'\xf0\x9f\x87\xb8 takes on korea in the gold medal game tomorrow night at 7 pm (5 am et ) in the final.'
b'too bad that i will never see more so awesome games on vita, but that one was the best!'
b'tea tonight - egg beans chips and a bottle of red.'
b'dangerous as humans would say is my middle name. but i am immortal so it does not bother me to much.'
b"technology kkr to invest 27 billion in japan's renesas : nikkei (reuters ): share with f... :"
b"big correction means the system is working the way it's supposed to |"
b"ted cruz challenges president obama to 'come back and insult me to my face ' - abc news - via"
b'say a prayer cause no matter who is elected president we are so going to need it'
b'ted cruz wants a " religious test " for refugees, but can he pass this basic history test?'
b'all about the freshly laundered smell'
b'teen boys naked gay dry humping it did not'
b'teen found out her boyfriend, 16, was dead by watching video of him dying on facebook after he w...'
b'i was kinda shocked he kept coughing \xe3\x85\xa0\xe3\x85\xa0 maybe he has a cold since the weather did get colder, i hope he can get some rest tho'
b"*she moves closer to him* it's better to cry then to deny it. *opens her arms to him* come here"
b'well i am a full grim reaper, which also means i am immortal'
b'so you promised if trump won the presidency you would leave this country so are you a liar?'
b"sure. feels that it's normal talk for men to talk about molesting women. with his finger on the pulse he'll fit in nicely."
b'every moment is recorded. no room for regret. think before speaking. she said what she sa\xe2\x80\xa6'
b"not a surprise he'd feel that way, he'd be happy to get rid of soldiers any way he can."
b"tell him i said hi... we meet 2mor 6 o 'clock too... excited grinning face with smiling eyes"
b"tell him that it's human nature x"
b"telling a blind kid to go play ski ball probably wasn't one of my best ideas"
b'telling a nigga you have a boyfriend is like talking to a wall loudly crying face they do not give a fuck face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'tell it to my 9 bitch.'
b'tell me this pretty face does not deserve another pca? vote!'
b"tell me what you know about dreamin ' dreamin '"
b'tell me what you think of me. i swear it does not matter. just as long as i am happy and my pockets getting fatter'
b'tell me why my english class just started singing happy birthday to me out of no where face with tears of joy'
b'tell me you do not love me watching = best new discovery of the day, off to listen to lots more bill ryder -jones'
b'*tells you there\'s nothing to do around the house* " hey mom can i go out with friends " *makes list of chores *'
b"burundi's teachers pray more frenquently than kenya as they are afraid to be killed at any time"
b'tell ya girl stop snapping me'
b"temperature's back to normal. this is where the dizziness starts. feels like i took drugs ; my whole world is spinning in slow-mo."
b'well its not always health to keep frustration inside either, just gotta try to throttle the release'
b'tempted to call my supervisor a cunt on my last day at work'
b"tending to the kids, maybe i'll take the rest of the day off? love my life!"
b"at my friend's house drinking in the jacuzzi lol"
b"terrible things can happen but it's never on you"
b'good im so happy smile'
b"after the ponds left... well i cried a normal amount. but i think 90 % of that was matt's performance. he was so devastated."
b'tesla defends the need for connected cars before congress'
b"bunk 'd started today in the uk! i am so happy because now you will be on my tv! good ilysm tessa x"
b'who does not love squishy little babies hehehe'
b'testing 1 2 3... spread the word before school starts!'
b'testing 1 2 3 will a magical starbae cup appear'
b'true test of character yun. face with tears of joy'
b"who's drinking lol & what are you getting done now"
b"text her something sweet while she's sleeping, so in the morning she wakes up with a smile on her face. \xe3\x82\xb7"
b'texting your mum in costa her order when you can see her is priceless.'
b'tfw its rather hot down here'
b"tfw you're laying in the dark wondering what the doc is looking for when he orders an mri or your brain."
b'tgif... thank gawd its fry -day! and what a great afternoon it is... garage door is open and we are serving'
b'the best day of the week.. so happy things are started to shift in a better direction.. \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e2hits & i am floating 2 success'
b"lol yes too that's what we drinking tonight ha."
b'i got a tweet out of it.'
b"well if i save enough money and get to go i'll be going july 18 and i am super excited! 5 seconds of summer"
b"i am watching it too right now and i love it! shouldn't be a surprise to me cuz i loved the original alias comics but still!"
b"come up here, we'll do karaoke! (i'm sure flying here is faster than driving anywhere else in texas. )"
b'thank for the hospital and for making me feel at home. good bless your hustle brother.'
b'thankful for morning waffle house dates with friends before break'
b'thankful for the best neighbors ever!'
b'thankful that god blessed me wit another day?'
b'thank god for spell check!'
b'thank god for the 2 -3 friends that actually care about me & check on me, you guys know who you are. ur a blessing i swear'
b'thank god i invested in an umbrella this year.'
b"thank god i invested in a rain jacket and rain boots before college because that's all it does here."
b'thank god i invested in three huge hardback dragon age books so i have something to set my da3 laptop, mouse, and dinner on'
b'thank god i am not as emotionally invested in the hunger games universe as i was when the books came out bc i would be sobbing'
b"thank god i wasn't that invested in scandal. if merder could go down, olitz was doomed. and sleepy hollow already broke my"
b'thank god they cancelled classes today, this weather is far to dangerous to go outside'
b"thank god they left, i think he's too invested in dresses and ripped/homeless clothing for now"
b'thank goodness i invested in earplugs because everyone decided to be loud af tonight.. i have to wake up 5 and not by choice'
b"thank goodness this nutella cafe isn't close to my house! weakness in my life!"
b'thank my love for the affection that you fully invested me'
b'thanks'
b'thanks bro, i appreciate it! and i hope college is going great for you'
b"thanks for calling into today's segment. nice to hear news from newsmakers themselves. we'll be back monday after fox news."
b'thanks for 600 followers 3 love yall, gonna follow some people who like this tweet'
b'thanks for following fitness36o fitness36o is now following me on twitter!'
b'thanks for following! i really appreciate it!'
b'thanks for following me'
b'thanks for following me! check out my new website -'
b'thanks for following me on adam schuld!'
b'thanks for following michaelrhallen - dont forget to retweet.'
b"thanks for following. you're all beautiful. change the world while you can. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'thanks for making me feel important. if only you understood.'
b'thanks for making me live my first experience in paris with your show. a good good good present for my birthday. kiss'
b'thanks for making my cake!'
b'thanks for reminding me why the grass is so much greener on the other side.'
b'thanks for ruining my fucking happy mood. smile'
b'thanks for showing me how real christians act.. ur such a good example'
b'thanks for talking to me : its been great having a wonderful conversation with ya'
b'thanks for the 10 rts a truly awesome job. a person well worth following.'
b"thanks for the birthday greetings & wishes, totally overwhelmed by it! now here's a pic of the real lil kirk!"
b'thanks for the feedback, readers of on board - -life stories. reviews are so important to our authors!'
b'thanks for the follow can not wait to see what you have in store for this coming convention.'
b'thanks for the follow dollie! you make my heart go pitter patter... i am always a sucker for a pretty face and a nc accent. ;-)'
b"thanks for the follow quite an impressive website you have hope you're enjoying your sat night!"
b'thanks for the follow! our new conference and tradeshow would love a shout out!'
b'thanks for the kind words you for got my awesome taste in tv shows!'
b'thanks for the shout-out!'
b'thanks for the shout-out! check us out over on our kickstarter page too!'
b"thanks for the marathon, i can not believe i ever canceled my dvr season pass. it's perfect (cc : )"
b"thanks for this little updates on your life, it always brighten my day so much and i hope you're having the best day ever smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"thanks for and for coming to today's practice to see some real talent"
b'assignment ideas : the gratitude visit the great thanksgiving listen'
b"thanksgiving break you're needed please come a little faster"
b'thanksgiving can not come faster'
b'dinner remains a bargain ; for a family of 10'
b'thanksgiving gone be litttttt i love being jamaican smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'thanksgiving is coming good 5 seconds of summer'
b'thanksgiving needs to come faster weary face'
b'thanksgivings in a week and honestly i do not think i am participating! i am stressed out i do not need to gain more weight at all weary face face with tears of joy sleepy face'
b'thanks guys, a massive shout out to everyone who worked on the film and made it possible.'
b'thanks jackie smiling face with smiling eyes miss you & ruth lake tennis/swimming/golfing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'thanks man can not wait to play tonight!'
b'thanks your tweets are great'
b'thanks sir bob russel mp of colchester for my late birthday card smile'
b"thanks sue. it's the downside of spending your day in a room full of children... one bug after another \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7"
b'thanks to for providing greenbelt essentials.'
b'thanks to all my lovely friends for bday wishes. you all guyz really made my day v special. love you all heavy black heart heavy black heart face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'thanks to all those who helped with the bake sale yesterday and today! it was really fun and hopefully really successful!'
b'thanks to all who helped make a successful fall meat sale!'
b'thanks to all who supported the campaign! because of you, great things are happening in our community.'
b'thanks to for help in editing maybe time to write a new book to follow-up'
b'thanks to computer issues, i will be working late into the evening. gosh i love you windows'
b'thanks to good friends. smile'
b'thanks to i won a free copy of for xbox! thanks guys! can not wait to play tonight!'
b"thanks to the bbq at the beer bus printhaus thing earlier i now smell like burning meat. that's attractive, right?"
b'thanks to the corning credit union for the generous donation from their jeans day!'
b"thanks to tina bray for sharing this video of the cloud rolling through patmos, ar along this morning's cold front."
b'thanks to you my cd has hit 100. 000 plays. i appreciate your support smile'
b'thank to the for shitty service once again. lost a birthday card i sent with a gift card in it pouting face'
b'thank to you for inviting us all congrats on an amazing day'
b'thank you for blessing this fandom everyday with ur gr8 music and ok wow ur good looks we appreciate it thnx 5sos'
b'thank you chiara! you are so wonderful and your toby was an amazing assistant. love u!'
b'thank you i love the support in geometry'
b'thank you so much & the entire 4 my birthday party! i was totally surprised! 3'
b'thank you all for the retweets and likes on my stream tweets. lol i rage quit in majoras mask. snarkypickle helped me with the game though'
b'thank you! awesome group of young ladies - all credit to them and their level of heart and work ethic.'
b'thank you based blessed god'
b'thank you for the holiday great organization, great leadership, feeling blessed'
b'thank you denise! wishing you and your family a happy and blessed thanksgiving!'
b'thank you :now have a house full of blubbering children. (it was great though )'
b'thank you eat bulaga! you never failed to surprise us! aldub you'
b'thank you edmond for reminding me how fucking awful the traffic is. i am buying a gas scooter for that sidewalk cruise'
b'thank you everyone who came out today to support me during my signing. i am extremely blessed! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x93\x84\xf0\x9f\x96\x8a'
b'thank you everyone who have invested so far. i am nearing the goal to reach to get my next book'
b'thank you for continuing to listen to invested.'
b'thank you for joining us on our we will be having more soon and will inform you.'
b'thank you for participating in our contest. winners will be announced tomorrow.'
b'thank you for providing that! a great contribution to the discussion! smile'
b'thank you for retweeting my books ~ i just can not hug you enough! working on the next novel... stay tuned'
b'thank you for rocking slo! one of the best nights of my life. thanks for an awesome 16th birthday!'
b'thank you for our about with all are welcome at our event smile a amazin day.'
b"thank you for spending your night fighting for women's rights"
b'thank you for the amazing day'
b"thank you for the happiness you've put in my life ; i truly love & admire you for the angel that you are. follow me?\xe2\x99\xa1 \xe2\x80\x94117, 101"
b'thank you for the nice surprise under my pillow'
b'thank you for the swag the guys are ready for the'
b"face with tears of joy thank you for the text graduation was something i'll never forget, basic was something else."
b"thank you for this day lord i only answer to you so i shouldn't have to say more."
b'thank you for tuning in. have a blessed weekend. i pray god covers you where ever you go ijn.'
b'thank you god for being my alarm clock'
b'thank you god for blessing me with another day. i really appreciate it.'
b'thank you god i am blessed.'
b'thank you guys for tuning in with and for all the support really excited to finally share this album with yall'
b'thank you and professor michael sandel for allowing me to answer your questions and share with students'
b'thank you hornet football alumni for the passion and energy tonight! looking forward to playing for the ghosts,'
b'thank you! i am looking forward to dressing (and undressing ) james reid. hahahaha'
b'thank you! it was a lot of fun and the track sounds great! excellent work'
b'do not need to be stressed out right now!'
b'thank you rohloff group for the cushions & blankets. spectators are looking forward to a " hot " hockey season.'
b'thank you, laura lila bridges, for your very gracious review! it was an absolute joy playing for you at your'
b'thank you lord for all the blessings and great things happening in my life! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes to god be the glory! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you lord for answered prayers!'
b"thank you lord, for the deep friendships you give me. i pray for those who've invested in me ; encourage them today in a very personal way."
b'thank you lord for this day!'
b"thank you, we're proud to be part of the great things happening in downtown knoxville."
b'thank you for sending anh to do my nails i am with her, you, and my'
b'thank you for such beautiful creations.'
b'thank you, phoenix business journal for your great coverage of adaptive reuse and infill projects happening in'
b"thank you for comforting you're such a good friend to her kaya love ka rin namin."
b'thank you sabrina, great talk on timeless connections and architecture, and freya sykes who taught us about the sami people'
b'thank you sabrina, our server at the in who performed very well under intense circumstances and long hours.'
b'thank you for the retweet! what an amazing day! thank you for having us!'
b'thank you so much for all the birthday wishes. truly blessed with the best friends & family ever \xe2\x9d\xa3\xf0\x9f\x8e\x88'
b'thank you sooo much for actually talking to me yesterday on younowit really is awesome to be able to talk to your fav youtubers unicorn face'
b"thank you sue's answer phone! i am really going to miss"
b"thank you, thank you, thank you to everyone who came out and supported us last night at club roar! playing for y'all is an absolute joy smiling face with open mouth"
b'thank you to all my ncc friends for taking a collection up for me and my family. love all you guys! \xf3\xbe\xac\x91 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xf3\xbe\xac\x91 \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you to all our great country by serving in our armed forces.'
b"thank you to everyone who invested in our kiva drive! we've reached our goal. onward!"
b'thank you to this special horse for a great time under the lights tonight! we are getting closer! i am'
b'thank you to whoever took this i feel blessed'
b'thank you grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x80\x94 ur welcome ^^'
b"thank you would never be enough for what you've done to me mamma! i love you infinity & beyond. dhon thie \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'that annoying moment when people only respond to the last part of your text, and leave the first and middle parts unanswered.'
b'that annoying moment when someone enters your room and leaves the door wide open when they leave.'
b'that annoying moment when your mom compares you to another kid and she has no idea how much worst they are than you.'
b'that annoying moment when your parents start with : " when i was your age... "'
b'when the guy cutting your hair with shavers says oh fuck'
b'that awkward moment when taylor swift does get back with her ex o. o'
b"that awkward moment when there is no awkward moment, you're just awkward."
b'when you realize you left a sock at work on your last day face with tears of joy'
b'that blessed feeling when your teacher gives you a week extension on a assignment you havent started yet.'
b'that boba was great though'
b'that brings our contest to an end! do ensure you answer all the questions. thank you for your participation smile'
b'that car note shit is dead!'
b'that concert was great but atl did not wish michael a happy birthday wow'
b'that country where she is.. lunch time. what is for lunch today? i got hungry thinking of such a thing'
b'that damn holliday can only hit solo homers, not at all'
b"she would blush not used to such compliments and signed. 'there is no good reason anyone would be stunned to see a demon fox. '"
b"that deep conversation i had with a taxi driver on my way home, our country could've been better than this. i wish i lived in marco's time!"
b"that does not count as me loosing my virginity does it i hope to fucking god it does not cuz you weren't worth having it"
b"that eyelash edit ain't foolin ' no one face with tears of joy"
b'that fantastic feeling when you smash your phone'
b'that feeling when you find the oldest photo of your idol.'
b'that freaking awesome moment when you do not feel like going to school and ur parents are like 5as do not go den xwggjtufrhrh'
b'that fricken rain makes my hair look dirty lol but can not wait \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'ohh nice... lemme charge my phone x eat up'
b'well damn hey and nice tits and pretty face'
b'that winter finale satisfied me and pissed me off (b/c it will not be back until february ) at the same time. nice going'
b'that i miss you text from tomie really made my day'
b'that is an interesting amusing evening'
b'that is so funny lol i wish shr would just post our pic to jelly him lmao'
b'that jawline, smile and laugh though 3 \xe2\x80\x94 ha thank you'
b"you really need to watch let's just say episode 4, live wire."
b'that kickers celebration was great though ha'
b'he cute tho'
b'that lady is so real n very talented i love her... lol'
b"that lil thumb rub when you're holding someone's hand smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'that little german kid named ben was literally so cute tonight'
b"that little pain you get in your stomach when you're laughing so hard"
b'that long ass good morning text from oomf i can not stand her ass lol but it made me smile'
b'that makes sense to grown adults that do not cry when they do not get their way... i did that at 5 yrs. old'
b'that mitam is and then i started crying while mentally happy dancing so rn im too pumped up to go back to sleep face with tears of joy'
b'that moment when everyone on ur team is negative except you and to make it worse they cant get any kills!'
b'you can not sleep unless bae is snuggled right next to you or holding you smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face weary face smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'that moment when you come up out them high heels... smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'that moment when you feel accomplished!'
b'that moment when you need food and everything on campus is closed'
b'that moment when you realize one of your favorite activities is checking emails...'
b'that moment you realize that you do not have to go to school for a week \xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'that moment your mum sends you & your band a question flushed face'
b'that must be a nightmare for a business like yours how is life treating you otherwise?'
b'that never happens to me lol'
b'that nonchalant shit gone turn me off. if you do not care, cool. make room for the girl that does.'
b'that " not good " enough feeling sucks.'
b'these are the celebrity tendencies we do not appreciate here the no of followers must be equal to following, unless when you are a celeb'
b'that one album that accurately depicts your life & relationship goals of trust & shit = " soundtrack of my life "'
b'that one class you just hate with the burning fire of a thousand suns.'
b'that picture mr. spencer gave us made my day \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i really do love and appreciate everyone in my theatre level.'
b'that really intimidated my flunkies.'
b"that really just made my day! laughed way more than i should've"
b'that really made my day'
b'that reply makes my heart pitter - patter'
b'that room is like, if a magic eye poster was a room full of children and mothers'
b"that's all for today, have a nice weekend! we'll be back on monday. marta"
b"that's amazin. hoping 2 embark on a similar journey but d swimming distance really worries me. gr8 to see what can b achieved. thanks"
b"that's an insult to crackers who aren't nativists and hate big government. smiling face with sunglasses"
b"that's a really stressful place to be. your body and mind need down time."
b"that's a really sweet tweet, thanks! i sent you an invite on linkedin for a longer conversation. have a great day!"
b"that's a troy deeney own goal. but will not care."
b"that's attractive smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"that's awesome crissy, your so dedicated and passionate about what you do, your setting the pace for the victors."
b"that's awesome dude! a big day, and one i very much look forward to for me and my little girl. enjoy buddy."
b"that's awesome. thanks"
b"that's boring, go on an adventure or read a book people and blow that dank weed"
b"lol drinking ain't for me unless it's a special occasion or sumn den i might drink lol"
b'that senior assembly really made my day.'
b"that's half-time. an absolute joy to watch the league leaders. 2 -0, and totally deserved."
b"that's hard to fathom... so freaking hot down here! even at night!"
b"that's hard work. not just trolling and finding logical fallacies in arguments, which can be quite entertaining, i agree!"
b'that shit really made my day!'
b'that shit she just told me made me mad for some reason... i shouldnt have asked'
b'that shit was niceeeee, hell yeah.'
b'that shower felt so good'
b'that shower just gave me so much life'
b'that shower made everything so much worse'
b"that's just great... that's real great"
b"that's like wishing for unlimited money"
b'that smile really made my day'
b"- that's my friend! lol you're the absolute coolest, and so funny. my fashion buddy face throwing a kiss"
b"that's my hubby you hear playing awesome job"
b"that's not creepy at all"
b"that's not just me is it because it strikes me as weird and creepy and unintentionally stalker-ish and i do not like it"
b"that's not right"
b"that's not right... please send us a private message with the order number or email at so we can assist."
b"that's not was discussed. we were discussing the idea of being black but more attracted to those who are not"
b'that sounds really sarcastic cat face with tears of joy'
b"that sounds really sarcastic but it isn't i promise"
b"that's our baltimore md boy! what a day mr. jones has had. smiling face with open mouth"
b"that's possible, but he seemed to love being an entertainer, so that is mo reason for him to leave. aaah i do not know anymore"
b"that's quite an impressive aircraft"
b"that's quite an impressive number!"
b"that's quite an impressive outpouring of emotion"
b"that's quite an impressive team!"
b"that's real great"
b"that's really cute they were the best couple in blackpool"
b"that's right bitch. do not talk shit to me but to your butt buddy. i'll fuck your shit up mother fucker"
b"that's sad when you gotta go in the bathroom to facetime ur child"
b"that's so nice of you."
b'that starting to get a sore throat feeling is the worst'
b'thats the only thing i hate about being a teacher is that if your students are sick your ass is up next.'
b'that sunrise tho. honestly love being up early to see this.'
b"that's very aggressive. i bet the coeds weren't too happy... unless you started popping your pecs."
b'thats wat they all say'
b"that's what happens when you get chicken from a chinese food place. popeyes ain't never letting this happen"
b'thats what happens when you play shitty soccer yall just lost the league.'
b"that's what made it so funny lol."
b"that's why \xed\x99\x94\xec\x96\x91\xec\x97\xb0\xed\x99\x94 albums have two versions each part bcs it's like a puzzle. wow great bighit flushed face a beautiful art"
b"that's why i love my two female bestfriends. they're not only girls but women in ever essence of the meaning. reminds of my granny."
b"that's why, in my ho days, i made the trips to people's houses. i can leave as soon as i want. no awkward convos."
b'thats why they call me'
b"that's yo main shout out to her brain that lil nerd bitch"
b'that thing is an awesome thing'
b'that thought process tho...'
b'thank you now lets hope united win would be perfect end to a perfect week'
b'that was a lbs tweet but now i am like wow glad to know the truth slightly frowning face'
b'that was a lot of fun'
b'that was fantastic and i was crying feeling what their feeling. luv you girls'
b"that wasn't there before is this a splinter?! wtf is thisssssss *hisses* also, my mom randomly asks my weight"
b'that was probably the holiest cigarette break of my life.'
b'that was quite an impressive list of muslimterrorist attacks that your rattled off talking2the muslim gal fromtulsa,'
b'that was quite an impressive logo display on the advertising hoarding just then. lidl by lidl by lidl by lidl...'
b'that was the best experience of my life wow'
b'that was the best interview one direction have ever done, never laughed so much face with tears of joy'
b"that was the best performance i've ever seen on in my life! wow face screaming in fear smiling face with heart shaped eyes winner!"
b"that was the crowd singing night changes when the mics weren't working. so beyond beautiful wow wowfodlsl"
b'that was the first time vargas has been knocked down in his career, amateur and pro. this is uncharted territory for him'
b'that was the worst nightmare of my life'
b'that was unexpected, but made my day. sometimes someone just talking to you can really make your day'
b'that woman on jeremy kyle would so get it'
b'the 10 best butt moments ever'
b'the 11/4 successful children & youth policy team meeting agenda package and summary are now available at'
b'the 20 yr. old version of me wrote this not knowing how relevant it would still feel today :'
b"the 6 skills you'll need to invest without an advisor"
b'the 8 hottest taboo porn videos by new sensations'
b"the absolute best gifts to get loved ones for the holidays : christmas is right around the corner whether you 'r"
b'the absolute joy i feel rn'
b'the absolute joy of finding soda farls in scotland i have never been so happy'
b'the absolute joy when you are rummaging for something work-related in a bag and you find a forgotten bar of chocolate'
b'the account is so boring now, kmt.'
b'the hotel & swim club is one of our favorite spots in palm springs'
b'the grass is always greener shit eh'
b'the alchemist brings mac miller and migos together for " jabroni "'
b"the alexandrians are literally the dumbest people in the apocalypse. this isn't even like tv stupidity, they're just fucking dumb."
b"the are so 1d af! they know what's good! one direction"
b'the amount of biphobia in the replies makes me hate this fandom so much'
b'the amount of excitement i have for christmas grinning face christmas tree'
b'the amount of people that texted me today is unreal'
b'the amount of sex you need to have to keep your relationship happy'
b"the amount of times i put my glasses down and forget where makes me think i shouldn't have laughed quite so hard at velma during scooby doo."
b"the amount of times i've watched the dark knight is uncountable"
b'the amount of videos taylor sent me from rowyso of me yelling " i fucking hate you " at calum is unreal?'
b'goodnight beautiful i love ya sweet mrs d \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'the answer to every that will never happen is the long list of that will never happens that happened.'
b'try it! tell me how you find it! i especially love the part pag may na accomplish ka may gratifying " ding " sound ahhhh hehe'
b'the apple jury foreman on how the case was decided, via bloomberg. fascinating, and room for debate.'
b'the article is interesting (i. e. boring ) but the comment thread is mildly amusing (i. e. rather brilliant )'
b'the auction to buy is heating up! do not miss out, get your bid in now :'
b'the average man could not handle my haircut'
b'happy birth (yay ) love you, have the best day ever tommrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'the back story behind why sends those blues inquires my way is amusing and interesting. it goes back almost 5 years now.'
b'the bad news : poverty will return to europe according to unilever. good news : they plan to adapt.'
b"the bad thing about having long hair is sometimes it will move over your arm and you lose your shit because you think it's a spider"
b'the bank i have my credit card with gave me a higher credit limit. it just click why lol.'
b'we will not be back, request for a birthday shoutout denied, but it seemed to be alright for others'
b"he's known about it for awhile. like when people throw shit at him when he rolls down the window. ppl are just plain rude"
b'the bee gees - secret love lyrics'
b'the beginning and the end have absolutely nothing to do with eachother, but i still like to believe that they do'
b"the best 5 months i've spent so far"
b"the best boyfriend isn't the best looking, funniest or the richest. it's the one who'll make you feel gorgeous, hilarious & loves you best!"
b'the best braids for long hair - ihateyf'
b'the best fails of november : week 3'
b'the best feeling is when you do something good for someone else just so you can post about it on the internet for praise \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'the best ideas are developed under pressure, in my world.'
b'the best ideas come when your mind is free'
b'the best ideas lose their owners and take on lives of their own. -n. bushnell'
b"the best is when someone takes their anger out on you because they're hungover, like you told them to go drinking until 2am lol"
b'the best kept secret \xe2\x80\x93 the pasjaca beach in konavle valley :'
b'the best neighbors bring over a big pot of chowder!'
b'the best part about leaving for online school is knowing almost no one at my old school cared about me even my friends irl friends kys'
b'the best part about not smoking is when my clothes smell like freshly washed laundry and not cigarettes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the best part of being in a relationship smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the best part of high school is the friday night football games.'
b'the best part of my morning is coffee. \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f i am an addict and i have no shame'
b'the best part of waking up is going back to bed after you pee.'
b"the best part of waking up, is listening to your roommate fight with his mom and grandma... wait that's not right"
b'the best romantic suspense series i\'ve read in a long time! " ~ the harbor of lies'
b'the best social media blogs & bloggers from around the web paper is out! awesome content from :'
b'the best stadium in the country is getting better, day by day.'
b'the best thing about birthday parties is killing everyone after its over face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ps this is her'
b"the best/worst feeling is when you're super sore the next couple days after a hard workout"
b'the big bang theory 5 seconds of summer'
b'the biggest coward of a man is to awaken the love of a woman without the intention of loving her.'
b"the biggest mistake i've made in my life, is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve to."
b"the biggest mistake i've probably ever made was wearing sweat pants to school"
b'the big question - should we tolerate the also, should we continue to oxygen?'
b'the bitch shaarrletemz and the shovel loudly crying face got me rolling this morning'
b'the blue one is so nice and im so happy that my sister ordered the blue version cant wait to get it!'
b'oh my just sitting down to eat the chicken stir fry.'
b'good i am so happy you do not even know'
b'the bottom is where you find out who you really are.'
b"the boys laughing so much and i love this so much! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i think they've never laughed so much on a tv show smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'the boys met lady gaga, rihanna, nicki now they just need beyonc\xc3\xa9 to rule the world one direction'
b'the brain injury peer visitor program brings together former brain injury patients with current patients.'
b"the bubsy greenlight page is interesting. it's amazing what a few amusing critical restrospective videos can do to something."
b'the cabin had a smell of pine and freshly baked bread.'
b'the calm before the storm.. in love with this ballroom!'
b'the canteen is always packed and it makes me so anxious to sit in there.'
b"the car i learned to drive in is a diesel, my dad's car and the most cars over here are just normal gas-ones."
b'the cartoon speaks subtle truth, kids have to be ready for please retweet'
b"y'all need to be serving it's a great compliment to food and, well, another one!"
b'the celebration moment! thanks for the support guys 3'
b"lol *phew* well as long as you're alright with me then i am still ha smile"
b"the christmas started at work already... like i am happy but at the same time it's too early for this i am going to be over by xmas"
b'the closer the better'
b'the closer you get, the better the view!'
b'the comfort and smell of freshly washed sheets smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the coming about of an information booklet ralley, already sent. before me will be soon events which me to handle directly, could not ask'
b'the commentators for the warriors and bulls game just compared draymond to larry bird! this dude was compared to bird and bron in a day lol'
b'the comments made by aamir khan is not hih own. he just mentioned what his wife has told to him while chatti. -'
b'the company already confirmed that the new department will employ costa rican engineers'
b'the convention needs to come faster because i can not wait! -icna2015'
b'the conversation around that breakfast table seems so fake'
b"the conversation i've just had proves us right not to give them the time of day let alone our country."
b'the cost of ambition \xc2\xb0late nights, early mornings \xc2\xb0lots of associates, very few friends \xc2\xb0you will be'
b'the countdown begins 9 days..'
b'the count with and family.'
b'the couple in green. new color of love hehe'
b"the creature fanbase is full of children that get offended easily. that's pretty much what i get out of it"
b'the current cosmic energy generates dynamic interactions all a,,, more for aquarius'
b'the dating/set up saga unfolding on twitter between & and her sister is hilarious face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"it's smell sexy lah. come here faster"
b'the day i came home from the hospital! i want to say august 17, 1982 lawrence, massachusetts'
b'the day i am wearing my scrubs'
b'the day is off to a great start! one awards session down! congrats to all of the teams that competed today!'
b"the day i study or even pass a test in world history will be the day idek what bc it ain't happening"
b"the day's top national intelligence headlines including the latest pirate kidnapping, and how cosmic rays scan cargo"
b'the " d " bring back memory of patrick knicks, but this team can score as well.'
b'the debt that all men pay isnt the debt all fathers pay. think about it'
b'certainly agree. but talent level is an opinion - outside of work ethic. great arguments for both of those guys'
b'the difference between when a guy does something wrong and when a girl does something wrong'
b'the digital addiction of most entrepreneurs -'
b'the diner is playing christmas music loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the dining hall had tots. what a day to be alive'
b"the director of a care home has apologised after her care home was rated 'inadequate '"
b'the dirty jersey files : exxxotica nj 2015 pictures : part 2'
b'the doctor spends hours saving your ass and when you get better you buy gifts for the past or'
b'the dogs love the bed. every time i come home, they are there " where else are they gonna go?'
b'the dog was great though, he walked around the pub looking like a double hard bastard sniffing around investigating *proud *'
b'the dressing recipe looks really tasty and is dairy + egg free. looking forward to trying it out!'
b'the dudes in released a brand new song today. i mixed it and helped produce it, it is rad!'
b'the dumb character on the very bad tv show is still alive'
b'because blaming brown people for your problems is easier than working.'
b'not a surprise when the most press and media are disrespectful often calling them by surnames etc'
b'seems like wenger has lost his focus and is busy in giving statements that would give him publicity for no good reason.'
b"the us and nato are the ones being hostile toward russia. stop with the propaganda. if there's war, dc is to blame."
b"this is beautiful! everyone is losing their mind, it's fantastic! smile"
b"why isn't india's here, who put the there at the least cost of all?"
b"lol no they aren't that's why we were even in games a lot of the time, coulda created more tos but still besides a game or 2"
b"if someone wants to drop off food it isn't really his business to know, so i hope this morning is the last episode from him."
b'i am also 13 and got homework. but who likes homework no one.'
b'is seeing as a person, not a person of color. she does not care about color (except when it comes to fashion ).'
b'i used to do this too... i was a horrible kid to keep in the house too.'
b"september is childhood cancer awareness! go gold for our kids. some girls do not grow up to have ta-ta's. do not ignore our kids"
b'thank you for having us again ellen. always a great time.. love ya'
b'idk why people are getting offended by this'
b"white gay,.,feminist can also be racist who would of thought where's your black wife? if not racist?"
b'worst interviewer ever. ever second word is ehh ehh. do you even prepare for interviews.'
b'would love a rt for my partner, who has terminal cancer, trying to raise donations for her bucket list'
b'~ you usually say that when you have offended someone somehow.'
b'"every time i come on this show its really weird really weird all because of ellen" i remember this duet with taylor'
b'the embankment superhighway will be an absolute joy to cycle on when finished'
b'the end od the generous earnings of miles and points? airline and bank loyalty programs under a cloud'
b'the end of tgi\'s song, " face value ", they placed a prank voicemail their buddy left them at the end of him pretending to wreck his 18wheeler'
b'no food sad'
b"u're not a directioner for nothing lmao, i do not have time for ur bullshits go back shipping a non existant couple face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'the face i made as a kid when i heard someone swear 5 seconds of summer'
b'the fact is when someone gets you it makes things easier, i dont have to say much and they know, you connect, dats somedin rite?'
b'the fact that i have been training for months for the next two races is mind numbingly stressful'
b'the fact that la has bus stops with plug ins to charge your phone and wifi is so sad but so effective at the same time.'
b'the fact that me britt n anna have a group message w my boyfriend and annas sister is hilarious'
b'the fact that they loved each other before they were even put together is so wonderful'
b'the fact that this is my last day of work and i get my 3 days off after today makes work 1000x better'
b'the fact that we do not have school this week'
b'the fact that you can hear everyone singing gives me the chills, this is beautiful'
b'a good game is determined by how much you enjoy it not by how better it was than its predecessors'
b'the fakest mfs swear they the realist sleeping face face with tears of joy'
b'the fandom always feels so dead after something happens like can it be the amas again weary face weary face'
b"the fbi have confirmed the isis threat isn't one to be worried about and is fine to go ahead. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x98\x87"
b'the feedback i got was good tho and he did not roast me'
b'the feel and smell of freshly washed bed sheets nothing is better than a new book or magazine like the actual feel of it'
b"the feeling of being sick but you're not really sick you're just sad, upset, and unhappy you just feel like laying in bed all day."
b'the feeling of meeting your one of your favourite celebrities is a fantastic feeling it feels like everything is ok & you can not stop smiling'
b'the first great gift we can bestow on others is a good example. " - thomas morell'
b'the first half is going great!'
b"the first mp3 i ever downloaded was 'piece of shit car ' by adam sandler."
b'the first snowfall of the season may fall this weekend. indiana troopers remind drivers to stay safe.'
b'the first thing i would like to say is that you should appreciate the blessing of peace in your marriage.'
b'the first time i met you, i was really intimidated by you " -'
b'stop yelling and talking over each other'
b'the food is smelling here at watch party in'
b'the fry cook games episode is one of the best episodes of spongebob'
b'the fuck is and'
b'the future for my night : laying in the dark, wrapped up, watching hulu alone'
b"'the future is about being very internationally engaged ' during a skype session at very interesting conversation!"
b'the gators are scaring me before the fsu game'
b'the gentlemen of fiji had a great time with the lovely ladies of last night during our social'
b'the gentle pitter-patter of rain landing on the recycle bags outside my window on bin night so soothing'
b'the ghetto word of the day : bishop. my girlfriend fell down, so i picked that bishop.'
b'is in my thoughts prayers today for sure. bands, please stay safe out there.'
b'the girl in my video from the concert could not handle herself when snoop asked who likes tupac face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'the girl next to me smells like pancakes.'
b'the girls that say you guys look cute together are the same girls you need to watch out for'
b'the girl that treats you like shit when all you did was attempt to make her smile a little. 3'
b'so generous & amiable, always giving credit to others. so likable. great show'
b'the goal is not to create a cool invention, the goal is not to get a patent, but rather the goal is to make money.'
b'the goddess of darkness is more than just a pretty face. "'
b'the good companionship ; " the loyal friend is like a bright light, you may not realize his light until ur life gets dark'
b'the gop is really dry-humping the minorities this year.'
b"the grass ain't always greener on the other side"
b"the grass ain't always greener on the other side. it's green where you water it."
b"the grass ain't always greener though"
b"the grass ain't greener on the other side it's just blue."
b"the grass int always greener on the other side! it's free where you water it!"
b'the grass is always greener no matter what you are fucked smile'
b'the grass is always greener on the side.'
b"the grass is always greener on the other side till you're on the other side & you realize it's only fake grass"
b'the grass is always greener somewhere else'
b'the grass is greener inside'
b'the grass is greener on the side you water'
b'the grass is greener over here.'
b'the grass is greener where you water it!'
b'the grass is never greener on the other side!'
b'the grass is not greener on the other side. the grass is greener where you water it.'
b"the grass isn't always greener.. -"
b"the grass isn't always greener on the other side"
b"the grass isn't always greener on the other side, the grass is greener where you water it."
b'the grass may not be greener on the other side of the fence. this is meaningful only if interested in grass.'
b'the grass not always greener on the other side'
b"the grass really wasn't any greener... back to the iphone"
b'the gratitude visit the great thanksgiving listen'
b"the greatest moments of joey crawford's career"
b'thegreatpeanut : saw crimson peak a while ago but never got the chance to draw what i wanted to draw'
b'the group had answered question regarding their sex life and their relationship status. the questions the rese'
b'the gym is always a great place to go to release frustration'
b'yeah, i was chuffed to bits smile crystal castles blasting into my ears on the way home :3'
b'the hand that sustains the worlds is the same hand that was nailed to a cross smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat weary face'
b'the happiest people do not have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.'
b'the hardest part of moving on? not knowing how and where to start.'
b'the hardest thing about living in western nc is that no one sells chicken and waffles.'
b'the harry potter books are now available on audible smile good'
b'when i think of something interesting or amusing to tweet. i am always disappointed'
b'the headline he did not see coming via'
b'the heart pounds hear its wild pitter patter across the room you. eyeglasses'
b'alabamas cupcake schedule includes a trip to top 10 ranked arkansas. thanks for the love collin.'
b'the highlight of my week on twitter has to be pictures, i get so excited searching for someone holding i-beer'
b'the high school physics question that shocked everyone.'
b'everyone knows how evil and corrupt hillary is. those who support her are no better.'
b'i heard that his teeth are rotten as he can not go to a dentist due to his legal situation'
b'the history buff in me can not wait to watch this documentary!'
b'the homie chillin w us on that hot tea tonight \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'favorite movie i ever watched with friends that brought the house down was wild zero.'
b'the huge disappointment you feel when you no longer can fit into your favorite pair of jeans white frowning face'
b"the idea of being attracted to ppl is so weird like it's just. different looking face parts. they have ur face parts but just different"
b'the ideology of " loosing your virginity " was created by men who wanted their d to have a bigger impact on women'
b"the i have 4 kids and i hate my life 11's"
b'the incentive was great though relieved face'
b'the incredibly successful life of david beckham, the second highest-paid... - business insider australia'
b"the independent's john rentoul has apologised for tweet suggesting corbyn would blame france for parisattacks"
b'i have a stupid android... no middle fingers yet pouting face'
b'the intention to care in whatever do or love tto do is vital to the care of the soul.'
b'the internet - entertainment or a weapon -'
b'the interview portion is overrrrrrr \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d! im super excited for tomorrow night \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x92\xab 12 more hours in heels here we go'
b'the investigation shows that the fire was intentionally set to cover up the killings. the investigation continues.'
b'their smiles are my everything one direction'
b'you dont have to say sorry'
b'the isley brothers | contagious'
b'the it landscape has changed forever with the advent of and the is your centre prepared?'
b'the jonathon ross interview felt like 2012 again no pressure no awkward moments it was hilarious'
b'the journey of a damaged woman to someplace normal'
b'and i also agree that this has zero effect on his nfl career.'
b'the kids finally went to sleep! winking face'
b'the kind of face i do when i am listening bullshits!'
b'the kind of negative, nasty, castiest campaign is doing in local elections in gujarat is worse ever till now for me'
b'mycroft sat on the bed, waiting for you as you got ready in the bathroom. " you doing okay, love? nervous about dinner? "'
b'the ladies at today really made my day and made me laugh so hard! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"the la skyline as i was flying in. after a 3 and half hour flight i have finally arrived. it's so nice to be back!"
b'the last scene in scarface is awesome!'
b"the latest : belgian prime minister says situation in region is'serious ' but under control :"
b'the latest dead air, on thirteen ghosts ~ one of my darling horror flicks, haters be damned.'
b'the league will not be won or lost today, despite what you might read. still, losing to west brom is a pretty shitty thing to do.'
b'the learning experience must be redesigned from scratch to make use of what new digital media affords.'
b"the level of spiritual immunity people enjoy is determined by the altar they submit to... it's not about religious gathering"
b'decided to try something new'
b"the little kid in front of me is turning around and talking to me and he's so cute i can not handle it"
b'the lord will give strength unto his people ; the lord will bless his people with peace.'
b"them 36dd women's def my bestfriends"
b'the making of sgfg! i am feeling super ducking good. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"the manager apologised for sunday's derby defeat at tottenham with typical honesty"
b'not only it fosters and makes you reconsider want we this of as ethical.'
b"the man that's fitting our new bathrooms has the whole package he's gorgeous with the nicest essex accent please be my boyfriend"
b"marc sometimes i swear we're the same person."
b'absolutely but i am in no hurry to meet him dead or alive'
b'the mastermind of the paris attack posed as a refugee in order to move about. thankfully, that could never happen here.'
b'the meaning of his tattoos smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b"the models that they use on the runway look drunk. where'd they learn how to walk? stand up straight girlfriend"
b'them ones where ur already buzzing to get home before uve left the house unamused face'
b"almost failed physics cause i couldn't stop staring"
b'the most adorable italian greyhounds. photo by'
b'the most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.'
b'the most disgusting and bizarre public transport experiences'
b"the most favourites i've ever had for a nole tweet is about 5, so far 27 for a photo of my cat. yup. that's me owned grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'the most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in \xe2\x80\x93 morrie schwartz'
b'the most incredible church and view from the top'
b'the most pretty face a live ever would have a rainbow without makeup'
b'the most romantic song with the most romantic pair coming out today! lets fall in love with them all over again!'
b"the most significant relationship of hepburn's life was with spencer tracy."
b'the most wonderful time of the year is almost here \xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the most wonderful time of the year love this movie now \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9b\x84\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the motivation for why i started this is my family. what are you fighting 4? justice, unity, peace, love'
b'the movie is here : bound sluts forced to make out in locker room shower'
b'the movie my friend favorites with hot green tea tonight.'
b'the mta can careless about you having a job or school'
b'them teachers that drink too much coffee and then breath in your face'
b'the team got temporary tattoos and nobody could tell they were fake :'
b'then again, i remember that gaza children w knives as young as 4 on video & parents so proud.'
b'then another one on vinyl in february then another one on vinyl in march then another one on vinyl in april then another one on vinyl in may'
b'the season is over & apparently i have a family that loves me & i will meet them tomorrow, yay, i am so excited... to meet them... & all'
b'i just caught up on yesterdays news. so happy to see more life changing work happening & the med. centre is looking great smile'
b'the natalee holloway movie makes me wanna cry?'
b'the need to pee on long bus rides ahhhhhhhhhhg'
b'the new madden game will be so much different than the old ones.'
b"the news is 99. 9 % tragedies. i'd rather be ignorant than disgusted/devastated. it's sad that this is the world we live in."
b'the new song by revolution with msaki is my new fave.'
b'the next time someone says, " there are no good on " send them this :'
b'then i post tons of rammstein, white zombie and marilyn mason videos, pretty obvious i love those bands and nobody add me a list hehehe'
b'i think true love conquers all, even poor performance in bed'
b'then i turned to 32 (actual " usa " channel ) & its frozen on a scene frm couples retreat.. tf?!?'
b'the noise is the best part'
b"then there's that! thank you for serving our great country!"
b"then they'll fuck around and catch a walking dead disease."
b'the number of drones expected to sell during the holidays is scaring the government'
b'the number of people commuting 2 + hours a day has increased by 72 % see what thinks'
b'the nursing home is just like the hospital - they are places i do not want to be and they create and cause me a lot of stress'
b'the nursing home that she live exactly right next door 2 &hospital down the street will hire a 62 year old. my grandma the queen of excuses!'
b'then you can instagram it!'
b'the obama administration is deliberately incompetent. they are traitors to the us of a.'
b'the older i get i really do not give a fuck what people say or think about me... been ran outta fucks to give.. *shrugs* \xf0\x9f\x98\x900\xe2\x83\xa3'
b"the older i get, the more i realize that a lot of shit isn't for me."
b'i swear boy unamused face unamused face'
b'the one night you need a little lie in and i am up at 0536 disappointed face fair'
b"the ones in austria do not even sell them in their stores loudly crying face pls do something i need a white ones or i'll kms"
b'the one thing a great has to give up via'
b'the one thing i really love about this cardinals team : consistency. they come out everyday & play like it matters.'
b'the one time i have a conversation with someone i am auto magically talking to them? wtf?'
b'the one week i cba to do my home work i have to do it'
b'the only 2 investing books you really need to read'
b'the only difference between a collector and a hoarder is the station the show is on.'
b'the only fear is fear its self i believe that that the faith of the lord will help us through these tuff times'
b'the only other person who could write a book this shitty and get it published would be eric carle. fallon foolin us.'
b'the only reason my shoulders may be distracting is because i am extremely white'
b'the only thing i be looking forward to on the weekends is sunday, because of football.'
b'the only thing i am looking forward to is the hockey game tonight with da best :))))'
b'the only thing i remember from last night was waking up around 10, seeing i had a snapchat, watching the video, and falling back asleep'
b'the only thing motivating me to get through this school day is that long ass nap ima take once i get home'
b'the only thing my art teacher has taught me is how to trace. i hate my art class.'
b'the only thing that is annoying about this is you look totally cool smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"the only thing this madrid can use is the pace of their attackers. they can not match barcelona's free flowing football."
b'the only thing worse than a negative referee report is an incoherent one.'
b'the only time i am free from anxiety is when i feel sexy. and so i try to feel kitten-ish all of the time.'
b'the only time i use good grammar is when i am tryna roast yo ass over text'
b'the only types of ranch that are really good are the more watery but not in flavor and the really thick hidden valley stuff'
b'the only upside about being sick is that when i rap along to fabri fibra, i sound just like him!'
b'the only way that this will work, is if you love me when it hurts..'
b'the only way to do is to what you do. if you have not found it yet, keep looking. do not settle. steve jobs'
b'the opportunity to be in front of the best show in college football... it\'s awesome. "'
b'now why did i find that just so funny? lol'
b'the original idea behind the stop pc brainwash was aimed at the sexism of the feminist brigade, instead it attracted racists and nut jobs'
b'it was so nice meeting you at rhode island comic con convention can not wait to go again next year can you follow me grinning face'
b"theo's mum jessicca receives a service from our young parents project funded by"
b'the other bright side is holy shit i should have next summer off from school now. the downside is, too many college bills to go to cons ;^;'
b'thanks love face throwing a kiss with thanksgiving around the corner i do not have too much to worry bout since i have school only mon and tues'
b'the ozmoga times is out!? top stories today via'
b"the passes are shit. what's wrong with this team? they lost 1 fucking game and they play like shitty team now?"
b'the passion is so strong that he become pretty devastated when we lose like that...'
b"i've never seen your hair combed how long did this take"
b'the peanuts movie was great though. it was so funny smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the people are saying that you have been playing my heart like a grand piano'
b'the people living above me are literally so freaking loud.. it sounds like a bowling alley in here'
b"the people that only come to you when they need something face without mouth that's fine, i'll remember that"
b'the people who take their shitty days out on the people around them deserve to have that shitty day'
b'the person who invented marriage was creepy as hell like " hey yo i love you so much im gonna get the government involved so you can not leave "'
b"the photo is not right. surprised he did not delete it? even if it's from san francisco, could the black on white rate be that high?"
b'the physics question that shocked everyone'
b'the physics question that shocked everyone : teacher apologises for question about pushing syrian refugees off raft'
b'the physics question that shocked everyone via newscomauhq really?'
b'the physics teacher made me hate it though. gosh.'
b'the pickle spear brings it all together'
b'the pile on of hate for spectre was amusing for a while, but now it is getting annoying. i wish all action films were this interesting.'
b"the pitter-patter of a chuckle forced atriman's mask in and out slightly where his mouth separated to do so. even had his \xe2\x80\x93"
b'the play that gave a spot in the championship game tomorrow night.'
b'the point was blacks kill each other way more than anyone else kills them so they should focus on that not cop shootings'
b"the political/media class hate most because he points out truths you're not allow to say"
b'the problematic kid that i constantly tweet about just started an argument with " i am not belittling women\'s rights but.. " what i'
b'the problem with me is that i do not give a fuck, but i still kinda do'
b'the product review queen. this is me - do not judge, enjoy! \xe2\x80\x94 feeling determined'
b'the professors that assign homework on the first day of class are not my friends.'
b'the q shld be why cameron are you treating unemployed worse than criminals who get fed 3 x a day. why are you brutally infringing human rights'
b'the question is... can you drop me?'
b'the questions i get on my ask just keep getting better and better'
b'the rain got really hard for 0. 5 seconds and it happened to be the 0. 5 seconds this lady put her umbrella down for lmao'
b'omg i was just talking about those in class about how i can not wait'
b'the real estate investing advice you need -'
b'it ended better than it started... new handbag & purse purchased... happy friday to me!'
b"it's going amazing gage thanks for asking"
b'the real love of his life 33!'
b'dont call that back'
b'its the opposite of what king said " judge not by the color of skin, but by content of their character ".'
b'you for ur attention and understanding. many hugs. god be with you'
b'happy birthday blue heart'
b'at a beach house for a week with friends for thanksgiving'
b'there are a bunch of random people liking and retweeting the picture of my cat and i am really confused'
b'there are a few still to reply re availability for next sundays gala. the original email has been resent. please reply asap. thanks'
b'there are almost 5000 gods being worshipped by humanity.'
b'there are a lot of christmas decorations my cat will straight-up murder.'
b'there are " beliebers " like who think that justin will hate us bc his album isn\'t i am disgusted'
b"there are few things i love more than being in a church/chapel by myself. it's so beautiful being alone with jesus."
b'there are no boring industries \xe2\x80\x94 only boring marketers. " agreed,'
b"there aren't many songs that get me as pumped as enter sandman does..."
b'there are too many inside jokes in this one picture, but please know my sister is hilarious!'
b'the reason i am still here 3'
b"the reason why i love this work study job is because all i do is get my work done. it's like im getting paid to do my home work."
b"the record has gotten worse each of the last 3 years, and no nat 'l title since 07. maybe the rationale, not that i agree with it"
b'the recording of ml talk at the witbank town masjid can be downloaded from'
b'taking the time to getting that done was worth. i had to cut back on a lot but i love seeing that'
b'the have been rolling lately... that trade is looking really good right now.'
b'there goes another one'
b'there is a blessing reserved for the day you know how to appreciate god.'
b'there is a career there. "'
b'there is always one woman to save you from another and as that woman saves you she makes ready to destroy.'
b'there is always that one class that you hate going to everyday! expressionless face expressionless face'
b'there is a man named phuc dat bich in australia.. wow my friday is slowly getting better lol'
b"there is a probation period when one starts. but it's not long. bihar needs urgent welfare and correction"
b'there is just that smell. the smell of a man. freshly showered and cleaned up. sensory memory stimulated.'
b"there is no fishing i am not interested in - i envy you guys up there it's hot down here in the summer"
b'there is no good reason to interfere with they are not food nor are they pets.'
b'there is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.'
b'there is no love without loyalty and loyalty without love is meaningless so love deeply and devote your all.'
b'there is no motivation to do my home work right now'
b'there is no shame like the shame of not having an essay on your desk when everyone else has an essay on theirs'
b'there is nothing better than a good friend.. unless it is a god friend who is bringing me coffee. ha'
b'there is nothing better than an emotional salvatore yelling match.'
b'there is nothing flowing free flowing football from the super eagles now "'
b"there is nothing left to do but pray that's all i can do"
b'there is something about loving the same music that brings people together.'
b"there is something that's attractive in a snobby girl that's stuck up and has expensive taste it motivates me to do well in life"
b'there is so much hate in this world, i always try and see the best in people but it really depresses me. humanity makes me sick sometimes.'
b'there is still time to take part in our please keep me smoke free competition for more details and to download an'
b'there is too much anger, hate, resentment and fear on the physical plane. we need to lighten the fuck up'
b"the relationship between tim riggins and little old bo in friday night lights is one of life's most beautiful things"
b"there may be a lot of good left in this world, but it's a very sick place. tired of the killing (human & animals ), the destruction & hate."
b'there must be millions of people all over the world who never get any love letters... i could be their leader.'
b'there are bread crumbs all over my fucking bed... why do i love to suffer'
b"there's absolutely, without a doubt, nothing at all amusing/sexy/attractive/interesting about alcoholics. sorry not sorry"
b'theres a bunch of banging goin on outside and its scaring me so much'
b'there\'s a difference between not knowing something and not admitting it. " \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f -regina'
b"there's always room for improvement"
b"there's comfort in the bottom of the swimming pool."
b"there's either a hyper ass kid or a hyper ass ghost up on the floor above my room fucker been running around since 8:30 lol"
b'there should be a " " for everyday conversation so that these people know what i really think.'
b"the residents of fyne do not want me to sleep... like, it's cool guys i'll just chill here under you're freaking elephant parade!"
b'there\'s insult written all over " lol " as a reply'
b'theres literally nothing to do wth'
b"there's lots of great things happening on perth's first 1st thursday!"
b"there's more love in these tweets than you jerks will ever know."
b"there's no doubt about it hat i am immortal i just walked from westsode to headfors and i am still going i am a beast"
b"there's no good reason beyonce ol extra famous ass shouldn't be courtside at this game fam"
b"there's no good reason this toy should exist"
b'theres nothing like a lobby full of a middle school boys hockey team to make you thank the lord you do not have kids'
b"there's nothing like the smell and feel of freshly washed sheets"
b"there's nothing more beautiful than a full fridge smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"there's nothing to do at home pensive face"
b"there's nothing worse than someone who kills everybody's vibes. trust me i know. i used to be that person. negative and shitty to be around"
b"there's no way in hell i'll be the right one in this situation even though i did nothing wrong but i guess this is how it goes."
b"there's only one dude in my life who i will always love. maybe not like relationship type love, but there's definitely a love for him."
b"there's over 2,000,000 of you beautiful people following my face! 3"
b"there's something about your interactions with others that hel... more for aquarius"
b"there's something wrong with me... it seems i am lacking something... i need"
b"there's still no cure 4 mornings. but this ain't a bad way of starting... frog face off 2 bed now! sleeping face"
b"there's these three, extremely attractive, french people playing golf right now. and i am really intimidated by how gorgeous they all are."
b'theres too many good quotes to say about this weekend but this about sums it up. thats a wrap, pmc'
b'there was a couple the 1975 last night and they were dressed as matty n that girl in the robbers video id never laughed so much'
b'there was a point this year where i just started becoming really negative, n it just grew and got worse.'
b'there were a group of tryhards from la doing the roots rock/r &b thing called missy derringer. they nailed the sound but were too slick.'
b'there will be no love myself challenge today! sorry guys my mailing list is acting up on my new laptop! sorry!'
b'the road to get to has been filled with evil, witchcraft, & hallucinogenics.'
b'the road to riches is never straight and narrow. it can be riddled with financial land mines.'
b'i can not wait to see the film, i hope you do it justice xx'
b'in the corner how can i fail. alarm is awesome ready to get it every morning after some unleaded obviously'
b'just discovered ballers. watched all of season one and now 2. you sir are without doubt. 100 % class.'
b'marine mom looking for some help to surprise deployed marine before he comes home.'
b'really enjoyed watching you in masterclass. thanks for being real.'
b"you should get to a gym or something, you're looking a bit scrawny there dwayne!"
b'you should write a book with this tittle " how i became the fucking master of the universe " or " how to be like me "'
b'you should write a book with this tittle "how i became the fucking master of the universe" or "how to be like me"'
b'the salad bar is my playground...'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3the same girls thirsting over this are the ones who are so quick to call ariana/demi/selena/lm/5h " sluts " pensive face'
b'the satisfaction is in achievement when the odds are against you... that is the true test of character.'
b'the school of rock cast reuniting to perform again is the best thing ever'
b'the screen did not reflect the right weight. jimmy actually got 668. 9lbs'
b'thesearabbitcomics : heck i might just peak when i am dead and be really cool to hang out with in the'
b"these are the most normal people i've ever met in my life"
b'these award shows! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat cc :'
b'these need to step it up. not a great start to senior day.'
b'these bandwagon ass social media fueled hoes nowadays'
b'these bitches were making my cake'
b'i think i am gonna cry these shows bring back so many memories loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"the second example. i see this guy that's attractive, so i walk up to him and we start dancing! then at the end he gets my number."
b'the second new picture of from the season five photo gallery!'
b'the secret is out, today is my put another candle on my b -day cake! many thx!'
b'these culinary students did such a great job preparing and serving dinner for senior project!'
b'these days keep getting better and better expressionless face'
b'these emoji pillows are cute, i might buy another one grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'these girls are why i love tattoos. \xe2\x80\x93 lulgzimtrulyspectaculargalleries'
b'these girls really do not care if you can see their pantie'
b'these guys obviously do not give a fuck so neither do i'
b"these guys scaring me with how needy they are all of a sudden lol if i decide to move forward i will not be needy as them i'll let you breathe \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e"
b'these holidays have got so much better since the start... -_-'
b'these hour long bus rides are precisely why i need a car confused face'
b"these kids drink so heavy and i am starting to wonder what it is that they're trying to drown"
b'these kids were asked to slap a girl in front of them and they said no \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f baby angel'
b'these little turds came and surprised me in my own house! but i am glad they came'
b'these long bus rides remind me that my favorite music is first and foremost in alternative rock'
b"these militant trouble makers hate 'whitey ' so guess what? 'whitey ' wants nothing to do with you. via"
b'these never happen to me. weary face'
b'these next two days of school you will find me in sweat pants cause i do not even care'
b"these niggas bettin bags of chips. lmmfao. ican't"
b'these niggas do not give a fuck about you till you give a fuck about somebody else then they wanna be up yo ass'
b'these niggas have no shame. face with tears of joy'
b'these old ladies pointing at me on this train ffs'
b"these pinup girls have the best tattoos you'll see this week! 72"
b'these quick quesadillas by & are great for a busy :'
b'these rumors about a possible attack during survivor series are scaring me. loads of people lost their lives in the last one week'
b'these sluts are nuts'
b'these sorry bastards want to kill me in my sleep'
b'these thots do not get no love'
b'these tuff to they come n babies size'
b'these two determined british men braved a flood to enjoy a pint in their local pub'
b'these will make me rich here... lol rt hahahhaha my colleague is taking retard pills smile'
b'these young girls at clark have not found their self yet poor things'
b'the shit i do for bap doesnt justify my fanluck its been 3 years cmon'
b"the shit that's on tv is ridiculous, our society is dumb af."
b'the shitty part of youtube is my desired destination aint no getting lost there bih i know my way around face savouring delicious food'
b'the shitty thing about break ups are you want to talk to someone about it and get comfort but that someone is the one that you just lost.'
b'the shrine and its facility are in worst state govt shd do something about it'
b'the side bitch who went overboard'
b'the side of the bed. near the plug, so i can charge my phone.'
b'the ads are always for weird things that fall in the category of'
b'the smell and feeling of freshly washed linens tired face weary face'
b'the smell freshly washed sheets hell to the fucking yes please 5 seconds of summer'
b'the smell of a bouquet of freshly sharpened pencils.'
b'the smell of a freshly-baked goodness starts with the right - delivered right to your door!'
b'the smell of freshly-baked bread in the morning'
b'the smell of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies is a pleasant smell.'
b'the smell of freshly brewed coffee \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xe2\x98\x95'
b'the smell of freshly brewed coffee is the best \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the smell of freshly dyed hair will forever be my favorite'
b'the smell of freshly washed bedding gets me'
b'the smell of freshly washed clothes face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'the smell of freshly washed clothes is actually the best'
b'the smell of freshly washed comforter. wuuuu im in dreamland'
b'... the smell of freshly washed hair'
b'the smell of freshly washed knitwear \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'the smell of freshly washed laundry smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the smell of freshly washed sheets.. relieved face'
b'the smell of freshly washed sheets im in love with my bed rn'
b'the smell of freshly washed sheets is one of the best smells on this earth'
b'the smell of freshly washed sheets on your bed blossom'
b'the smell of freshly washed sweatpants and hoodies smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the smell of my freshly laundered skullcap intermingled with this dive bar bathroom is not optimal. sad'
b"the smoke out was completely insensitive. let's treat people with addictions compassionately, not shame them for their vices."
b'the sock sale was beyond successful this year'
b'the softball field is always packed every day after school boys and girls playing games i love it smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"wow, one of my most favorite shows is being canceled. what a disappointment! we'll miss you, and"
b"the space doctor's big idea via love this science stuff-explained so that i sort of get it!"
b'the thing is i am quite techy, i think the thing i am missing is the gorgeous boyfriend and the blonde hair/gorgeous part face with tears of joy'
b'the starbucks in addison is always packed smh'
b'thats awesome. i wish you the best success'
b'the s to south beach is always packed and standing room only.. but i got lucky today'
b'the students had a successful garage sale fundraiser today and the minute they were done'
b'is here, we are rolling till the hour of 10 am, your gospel hits and inspiration. good morning'
b'i blame the progressive left who push the fascist idea that we have to take them or be called the dreaded " racist " if we don\'t.'
b'sun is so freaking hot. down here'
b'more to the point how does murdoch get people to spend money to buy his newspaper which insidiously portrays his political views'
b'the sun newspaper is like a fuckin ass hair, full of shit!'
b"some people do deserve benefits but others use it as a life style, they've ruined it for everyone else!"
b'this story made me cry. how on earth can someone be so evil. please hang him or give him the electric chair. i will do it'
b'what about them cleaning up black areas building schools clinics housing? no'
b"why do you guys always post the same story about 50 times everyday? desperation at it's finest."
b'the super cool first look of starring and a film by'
b'the thing i hate is the thing that i love & the anger fuels the addiction. stop playing with faya! back down now!'
b'the thr roundtable for the women lede versus the men'
b"do not drink too much alcohol. i'll be watching you hahahah"
b'the tiger bullpen is something special'
b'thank you! i love you. i am doing so much better in geometry'
b'well i bet they put the driver under threat so what do you expect?there terrorizing people over there so thats karma!!!'
b"the time when me and mummy got arrested for fighting the neighbour we was thelma and louise weary face i shouldn't laugh"
b'just made my ring tone. i may never answer my phone again! hold the door, say please, say thank you'
b"*thetis walks out of an alley and onto a wide street. it's then that he hears a subtle cracking sound. *"
b"not really a fun topic, but maybe your thoughts about the paris attacks, or how it's seen from uk?"
b'the trailer attracted me since the beginning but i have no idea why i have not watched it earlier'
b'the tray is 7 " x 11 " with a design influenced by mondrian. great for serving drinks or snacks, organizing things'
b'the true friends video is here'
b'the true test of character is how well you can keep your word & by making what seems impossible, now possible. " mark twain.'
b'the true test of character is not getting even when someone does you wrong.. but doing better.'
b'the true test of character is not how much one knows how to do, but how one behaves when he does not know what to do?'
b"the true test of character isn't how you are on your best days, it's how you are on your worst days or when things do not go right. -danziger"
b"the true test of character is taking somebody to get a slushy.. if you choose blue raspberry you're probably an awesome person."
b'the true test of character is what the person does when nobody is looking'
b'the true test of character of a person is not how much we know how to do but how we behave when we do not know what to do'
b"the true vineyard experience \xe2\x84\xa2; not knowing if you're smelling weed or dead skunk"
b'one can never stop being need right away :3'
b"the tutorial was great though? (i'm so ashamed of myself for sucking so bad at this game )"
b'the tv\'s are going to make us dumb " " too late "?'
b'the tv show hoarders is terrible! the camera crew keeps stepping all over my stuff'
b'the athlete does not realize they to dance to a beat, a count as does the dancer creating the art of mastery of the sport 4us 2c'
b'needs socket near the bedside table, so the phone can charge over night and i do not have to get out bed to turn alarm off'
b"it's a lovely helmet! it's my spare. i've sold my scooter, and will keep my main helmet for future, but want to hand this off."
b'my main helmet has a full face vizor, which in wellington weather is way more appropriate, but does not look as cool, no smile'
b'the united states is a signatory to this international convention.'
b"the universe gave me one thing in exchange for another and though it took me a while to accept the deal, i couldn't be happier."
b'the value of a nation brand via business information review -'
b'can you tell me to do my home work instead of forever waiting for you to answer one of my questions x face with tears of joy'
b'the vc of have apologised for the manner in which we were recieved and treated'
b'the said that i am and need i hate \xf0\x9f\x99\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\xbf loudly crying face'
b'the video for beat it is so intense put in realistic circumstances, imagine knowing that night you were gonna be part of a knife fight'
b'the videos that my sister has of me trying to eat the sushi from last night are hilarious lmao i can not deal with myself'
b'the wait is over! unveiling the romantic song of the year from darshan raval'
b"'the walking dead ' could soon become a terrifying theme park ride!"
b'the warmth and smell of freshly washed comforter. my night wud be so perfecttt i told ya. laffff smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'the warren buffett guide to making money via'
b'the warriors currently have a 13 game winning streak. think thats impressive? well, the bulls had a 72 game streak back in 95'
b'the water couldve went on the mic and made pitter patter noises ok'
b'the water is so cold i can not shower like this'
b'{the way he was looking at her made her heart pitter patter. when he leaned close with a smile to kiss her she held her breath +'
b"the way i never check the gas tank before i drive. i always assume it's filled up. i was on reserve today but luckily there was a garage."
b'the way society view love is not right'
b'the way that dustbin man just spat was so attractive'
b'the weather man but i do not broadcast i throw up more money and change the forecast'
b'the weather should be great for checking out some open houses this weekend!'
b'the wee girl behind me in costa is asking the real life questions " why is this muffin square why do they not like circles mum? "'
b'the weekend is so close! now i can enjoy them! not working on weekends! love it! heavy black heart'
b"the weekly kids ' co -op : love you daddy via"
b'i miss you. come over and sing to me my love'
b'the weeknd is easily the best drunk music'
b"the week we'd had we deserved it. i would've laughed in his face, saying that we deserved nothing for letting her die, but the very -"
b'the whisper challenge with the bae back in the day'
b'the winchesters learn what happens when you let your imagination run wild when returns december 2!'
b'the winners do not win. we are all born unknowing into an inherited world. we all go into the same unknowing in the end.'
b'the winter is here!'
b'i started at 9:30with a sweater and by 9:40 it was too hot. great weather... in the summer i start at 6 am to beat the heat'
b'the woman gave a warm smile at answer, biting down on her colored black lip, she nodded. " oh, thank you so much. you have \xe2\x80\x94'
b'the woman sitting in front of me on the train keeps coughing without covering her mouth. i hope i survive this journey!'
b'the women and men in my family have spoiled me with love. therefore, i can recognize the real thing and stay the heck away from fraud!'
b'the words of the world are on you. you can not be anywhere else. so be yourself!'
b'the workers need to drink an energy drink or something... \xe2\x9a\xa1\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'the world can not be changed with pretty words alone " -lelouch lamperouge (code geass )'
b'the world is in absolute chaos right now. please stay safe, stay kind, stay smart. my love to those effected in any way.'
b'the world is not getting worse.'
b'the world leaders need to do something'
b'the world service is infinitely more effective than military action. great value for money.'
b"the world's largest pool is at a private resort in chile."
b"the world's most blessed woman is following me.. thank you jenny! you made my day.. maybe is next? smile"
b'the worse thing you can do is let someone try to drain your positivity, because there bitch ass so negative.'
b'the worst about it is that most people that have vocal opinions on it can not even pass a high school proficiency test'
b'the worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up'
b'the worst feeling in the world is feeling like you lost your bestfriend \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x9f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b"the worst feeling in the world is knowing you did the best you could, and it still wasn't good enough"
b'the worst feeling is not knowing whether to give squared up with exclamation mark \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9or wait confused face'
b"the worst feeling is pretending you do not care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about."
b'the worst feelings is to prove that your in love with the person you hate.'
b"the worst part about getting shots isn't the needle, it's how sore your arm is afterwards!"
b"the worst part of winter isn't the cold, it's getting shocked every time you touch something."
b'the worst thing you can do is raise my credit limit on my credit card face with cold sweat'
b'they aint scaring anyone.'
b'they all stood out in the cold and met literally hundreds of fans i was so shocked it was amazing'
b'they are playing madrid like real betis'
b'they are playing tic tac toe on his forehead i am laughing weary face weary face weary face'
b"they are. they're coming from a place where the idea of infringing on human rights isn't looked down on & disparaged."
b'they are trying to drown out the movement by showing americans how we " really " act. & the kids are watching'
b'they called billionaire boys club'
b"they could sit onstage and sleep and i'd still pay to see them on tour"
b"they deserve all the success they've earned for the past five years i am so proud of them i was here for all of it"
b'they did an un - memoriam! i love the talking dead'
b'the yelling and interrupting that happens on is similar to the debate. maybe boorishness is just a trait'
b'they found a person that had been fighting for isis and arrested him about 1hr and 20 minutes from where my dad lives!'
b'they get offended so easily they dont realize most ppl arent'
b'they go bang bang that makes us wanna go bang bang 5 seconds of summer'
b"they gone whoop y'all"
b'they got rid of that ugly-ass red bar along the bottom of their books.'
b'hoe idgaf wat you never been if you so billy bad ass fuck you ain mention me for lil baby im your name so you know its real!'
b'they have no shame left'
b'they have to hurry fuck i wamma meet there asses already'
b'they judge me before they even know me. that\'s why i am better off alone. " - shrek'
b'they just increased my credit limit on my vs credit card... someone hide my card'
b'they keep showing the most random ppl in the audience... +'
b"they know the drugs are taken over me and i can not overdose if you're not right there with me"
b"they'll never grow up"
b'they love smart mouths, attitude, all that shxt face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'they made some pretty babies'
b'they must be making them wrong'
b'they namedropped mount sinai hospital in jj guess whose college is right across from there'
b"they need 2 more likes c'monnnn"
b'they need to bring back the kwik -e -mart. lls'
b'they not gon miss you till you gone pensive face'
b'they often travel in groups, so when you see one deer, more could be nearby. stay safe.'
b'they are 1st partner that touched their lips lol. i love how relax jia was when its happened. grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"they're actually playing really great music at work today"
b"they're all together in the vid i'd just like to thank jesus for answering my prayers"
b'they\'re also nominated for " most popular video on telehit "! go vote on'
b"they're going to see that they aren't the regular though because the cream is red face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"they're gonna regret it lets be honest"
b"they're not isis, theyre isis supporters they're not going to kidnap and kill her in a room full of children in lewisham.. mug"
b"they're out there playing horse in the middle of an nba game"
b'theyre serving pizza at school what a great day'
b"they're so blue heart"
b'they are still christian. are they a good example of christianity? obviously not!'
b"they said i couldn't do it, but i did it"
b"they say ' ain't no love i these streets ' why pretend"
b"they say i have a. d. d. but i think they're full of... oh look a kitty!"
b"they say that time's supposed to heal ya"
b'they say the grass is greener on the other side but i am too busy watering my own grass to be worried about yours. money mouth face'
b"they say you're irrelevant but they talk about you every time they get the chance waving hand sign bitch bye."
b'they should bring back blue mountain state'
b'they smell freshly washed like always try again next time'
b'they so aggy expressionless face i hate this class yo.'
b'they some sluts, they gon fuck for a kilo open hands sign'
b'they still have more rhythm and better moves than me'
b"they think it's awesome as shit"
b"they've been best friends since high school... two young girls became two beautiful women..."
b"they've mastered drowning out my irrelevant comments the way moms drown out their kids calling them a million times in the store. lmaooo."
b"they were playing 'another one bites the dust ' over the pa in stanford..."
b'they would be crazy to get rid of miles. extremely crazy!'
b'yes i definitely had a great time and would not change anything about my day.'
b'things are going great.'
b'things are looking good right now, nice to be back on my feet after a year smile'
b'things money can not buy 1. morals 2. common sense 3. respect things money can buy 1. sex 2. drugs 3. rock n roll samesies'
b'things seem to be getting better today, but the final outcome... more for virgo'
b'things that guys do that girls hate -'
b'things that make me happy : - you. - lazy weekends. - certain people. - food. - music. - cute texts. - concert tickets. - summer. - you.'
b'things to know about physical therapy around'
b'things you need to know before investing in a new sofa'
b"you would have loved one of the stories i just critiqued for the writer's group i go to."
b'think im ready to give him all of me.! 3'
b"think i need to escape my house and go hangout with friends. i've been so antisocial lately."
b'think i need to paint my nails tardis blue again.'
b'thinking about it i actually do not like you'
b"thinking my boyfriends coming up to bed when really he's going out"
b'thinking of investing in real estate? important facts an investor needs to know click here :'
b'thinking out loud : my brain is fried on'
b'thinking you loved me right, but you never will.'
b'think its amazing how people can actually learn a full script for films!'
b"think it's fair to say is now fun chat with money mouth face face with tears of joy"
b"think i've finally decided on a career \xf0\x9f\x98\xae\xf0\x9f\x98\xae\xf0\x9f\x98\xae"
b'thinks they are and she was like " isn\'t the youngest one 16? ".'
b'think they need to advertise the possession more times on e4'
b'this! (3) rt : i have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them'
b'this about sums it up \xe2\x99\x88\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'this about sums it up for now'
b'this account is abandoned i do not reply here but i follow back please follow'
b'this ace class is so boring face with tears of joy'
b'this apartment ima live in next year is goals smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this article is is just.. wtf?! " it would not be wrong to say that isis has only stabilized because of social media "'
b'this baby is either gonna be an athlete or a dancer because my belly seems to never stop moving! \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x8d\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\xb6 smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this bad album cover of the day : gotta laugh says " i had this album. it was great. " erm'
b"this battery been on 3 % ever since and it's on charge, now this phone is starting to be hot!"
b"this bitch must've forgot i was 18, i can do wtf i want.. do not gotta ask nobody to do shit"
b"this bitch really took her time to write a letter cuz of cam newtown's dab dance."
b'this book so boring, got 4 people asleep face with tears of joy'
b'this boy has rosary beads tattooed on him but he is muslim?'
b'this boys dad beats him up at home lmao he gotta release his frustration'
b"this boy's parents must be so proud of him right now."
b'this break is actually going great'
b"this cat thinks he's a human (vine by omg af )"
b'this chick just asked her boyfriend is he fucking w me smh girls b really intimidated bruh i like pussy not your nigga shit sick'
b'this class is full of children and i may or may not want to commit seppuku.'
b'this class is so fun!'
b'this co main event is fuckin lit, holy shit'
b'this couple is hilarious one of them is really oblivious and the other is really sarcastic and it just works face with tears of joy'
b'this day full of christmas crafts, family, and snow made me so excited for the most wonderful time of the year'
b'this day is so shitty'
b'this day just gets better...'
b'this day just keeps gettin better n better'
b'this day just keeps getting better and better \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this dude is just walking down the sidewalk on campus with a beer is his hand'
b'this dude really need to ask me to homecoming soon... -_-'
b'this dumb ass tv keep freezing'
b'this edition of composer of the week, featuring hoagy carmichael, has been an absolute joy'
b'this english class math. and we all know how much i hate math'
b'this fall and winter half to balance out the girl, hockey and work'
b'this first snow is so pretty i can not wait to hug my pretty friends in it!'
b'this fool at the gas station straight said can i have yo number i got paid yesterday i drive trucks'
b"this fool doesnt know how to act but he's pretty much my brother and im glad he's my friend he still a bitch tho"
b'i love you. i got my shift covered to go to your dinner tomorrow'
b'this game is life smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat they kissed lol'
b'this game is scaring me though, really not sure what to expect from the team and some players'
b'this generation is full of bullshits. kids use drugs physically and adults use drugs mentally. deym'
b'this girl in my class literally just started singing fantastic, baby out loud and'
b'this girl is my world'
b"this girl is so jealous of my sister it's hilarious"
b'this girl knows she can not smoke by the door... its not my fault its raining. told her to move shame'
b"this girl said she would come see me she didn't, arsenal lost, i am losing in fifa, i lost my debit card, what a day"
b'this gonna be a boring ass day i can feel it.'
b'this go taken of me in class'
b'this great man will be turning in his grave, seeing the bullshit that is happening in the world at the moment!'
b'this great sale is happening tomorrow, starting at 8 am - best part ; 10 % of the sale helps out the pets at the'
b'this group message had me rolling since i woke up this morning face with tears of joy'
b"this gull was too late to try and steal the king eider's catch."
b'-- this guy has some great free info on some hot stocks and he has a stellar track record!'
b'this hamster had its period on hand. i never laughed so much in my entire life'
b'this has been a great day...'
b'this has been my favorite ravens season in recent memory, just the disappointment every game? the awful play? brings a tear to my eye crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'this has been the longest week of my life and when it finally ends i will shed tears of absolute joy'
b'this hawks game needs to come faster.'
b'this here is why i love twitter so bloody much - its my source for daily dose of serious lol smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes keep it up dudes!'
b'this is 4 you 3 jack 3 3 3'
b'this is a bad thing? appreciate new followers, but you all are going to be treated mostly to nerdy law stuff.'
b'this is a good example of a weak christian. 1st peter 3:15, if you can not defend your beliefs, maybe your beliefs'
b'this is a good example that frameworks like angular do not solve everything by default! by'
b"this is a man's world \xf0\x9f\x8c\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8d\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8f but it would not be nothing without a woman \xf0\x9f\x99\x8e\xf0\x9f\x99\x8e or a little girl"
b'this is an interesting literature blog'
b"this is an official statement from the management of jade cozytuan jade and nikki are currently on a break bc jade could not handle nikki's"
b'this is a party front row centre with our man man'
b"this is a sweet story ain't it. i swear if you hit that kid with that stick, candy would come out of him!"
b'this is a tense wait to find out about my cough'
b'this is a test... i will pass it'
b'this is a true test of character'
b"this is beautiful. it's great to hear stories like this happening."
b'this is beautiful sones singing itnw instead of shouting encore i am so emotional loudly crying face'
b'this is buddy! he is an amazing dog who is a morkie and maltese mix. he is smart, full of life and brings great joy to our family!'
b'this is calvin. he is a luxembourgian mayo. having issues with truck. has it under control tho. 9/10 responsible af'
b'this is charter infringing lynch mob illegal uneducated trailer trash. suck my dick canadian trash.'
b'this is day three of being smoke free... wish me luck!'
b'this is easily one of my fav videos! you 3 outdid yourselves!'
b'this is exactly what i imagine a. m. to be about'
b'this is getting better is hilarious.'
b'this is going to be a fun semester'
b'this is happening on my birthday. so, if you find yourself in soca on that date - you should go. great band! -r'
b'this is how apple will get you to buy the new iphone 7'
b'this is how removing tattoos with lasers works'
b'this is how you can protect yourself from cunning new cyber criminals'
b'this is how you put your princess to sleep.'
b'this is just 10:00am. but i really hungry now coz i did not have breakfast. waiting for lunch time in japanese class with foods is tortune.'
b'this island life snapchat story makes me miss home... cant wait to be back on the sunny side of the world. i miss my fam too crying face'
b'this is literally what happened and a good example of everything we do together'
b'this is lovely. can so relate to the 2am child-wandering pitter-patter'
b'this is major smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this is my 150th tweet after 2 months. whoa. i need to slow down.'
b'this is my cue to take a shower so brb'
b'this is my first time wearing sweat pants to school in a very long time flushed face'
b'this is my new favorite thing! face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes i just unlocked the frank underwood sticker on'
b'this is not right. funny, but not right'
b'this is not right guys give us chance to watch then we all can discuss hourglass with flowing sand \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'this is not right. we do say things about camila but this is way past the line'
b'this is not so good.'
b'this is not so good and happy shift.. i wanna go home! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3 unamused face'
b'this is not so good. stephen hoyt.'
b'this is not the time to be sad please do not be sad me you were getting better come on'
b"this is not unexpected. repubs never met a conflict they did not want to make into a war! aka 'profit! '"
b'this is one of the best interviews i have never laughed so much and i have not felt uncomfortable because of michael \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"this is one of the worst autistic sensory experiences i've had in a long time but i am determined to enjoy the game regardless!"
b'this is peak united post fergie. miss a sitter at one end, give a pen away at the other and gift them a goal.'
b'this is priceless... for all my cat loving friends! smile'
b'this is probably the best, not to mention the worst idea, that i have ever had... no awkward silences, no hiding any truths. musical note'
b"this is really bad. the problem is i do not know when i'll be called. my only choice is to wait until i am called."
b'this is really made my day face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'this is so awesome. i do not care how many times i have seen it'
b'this is so beautiful you can hear the crowd singing with him'
b'this is so cute i cry. he looks like a kid being dressed for school'
b"this is so funny. he's in my mommy a movie lol"
b'this is so good i was feeling kinda sad but then i read this and now i feel all warm and fuzzy'
b"this is swachh bharat for you for which we're now even being forced to pay swachh cess. it's loot unlimited. -"
b'this is the best interview ever face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy never laughed so much face with tears of joy'
b'this is the best movie i have ever seen.'
b'this is the best one yet face with tears of joy'
b'this is the best one yet face with tears of joy rt if you get it'
b"this is the best thing i've read all day"
b'this is the best wife ever'
b"this is the dongle you'll need if you want to connect your old headphones to the iphone 7"
b'this is the dumbest conversation ever. adams did not advocate for non-consent. i am not. no one is that i know of.'
b"this is the greatest thing i've ever seen, i love being a chelsea fan."
b'this is the last week for our hugely successful pre christmas art sale. so far over 40 great artworks have sold'
b'this is the number one mistake parents make when arguing with kids'
b'this is the only relationship goal i need in my life!'
b'this is the pic i took 3'
b'this is the quickest way to send photos on your iphone'
b'this is the true test of character.'
b'this is the -- if you want to you have to love yourself and make yourself a priority,'
b'this is the worst picture ever loudly crying face but you know it goes down in the messages thank you and i love you too hoe!'
b'this is to say that if a club is going to lose money, you want it to be because the club is spending more on players.'
b'this is twitter if you take twitter seriously then you need to look outside... take a walk maybe? do something about your mentality'
b'this is what canon mickey would think/say it makes it hurt even more help'
b'this is what i get for falling back asleep and waking up at 1'
b'this is what i get for taking ap world...?'
b'this is what ndtv did last year during loksabha elections.. and then apologised for the same..'
b'this is what are all about for our ring-tailed'
b'this is why amy is confirmed a dickbag 3'
b'this is why i fucking hate having anger issues dawg'
b'this is why i am not on twitter as much anymore. all these bullshits ugh bye. back to my wonderful life.'
b'this is why i wanna drive myself! shuttle takes forever!'
b'this is why you bae'
b'this is your second time " accidentally " blocking me. you\'re such a good " friend "! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'this jimmy kimmel thing better be worth me losing my hours of sleep lmao'
b'this just happened, am &em are on that vlog game (lets see how long this last ) lol'
b'this kid in my class said all racism nowadays is subtle. how is people being murdered subtle? please explain.'
b'this kid is so cute tho'
b'this kid is too cute and i love his motivation at this early age. strength! no weakness!'
b"this kid next to me does not get the hint that i have a boyfriend. it's too early to flirt get off me bro!"
b'this kid took 4 tabs of acid before school and tried swimming through the sidewalk. " - shawnee mission west hs'
b'this kid was too cute! we watched this on ellen. me and mom and sherri loved it!'
b'this kind of music makes long bus rides bearable smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this last month has been the biggest roller coaster of my life'
b"this little boy's letter to the troops is heartfelt and does not f *ck around | lol-rofl -wtf -pics"
b'this little girl ran away from home cos her parents forgot her birthday. mschew.'
b'this little kid is so cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this looks so good i almost want to cry! fuck my diet!'
b'this low ceiling is the sky ; i am your umbrella and the rain'
b'this made me so sad. i am an expat in a muslim country. they are welcoming, beautiful people.'
b'this makes me so happy i love seeing them laugh 5 seconds of summer'
b'this makes me so very happy, i love my school, & love my friends more than words can explain'
b'this mall full of children weary face'
b"this man did something shocking with his wife's dead body continuously for years."
b'this man gna drive me to orlando with the gas tank on e awa neutral face he coulda fill up pensive face'
b'this man named both of his children ashley... wtf is wrong with him'
b'this man knows his story you are the best music compilor wow'
b"this man wants to drown his kids, if they play video games. worry he's anti"
b"this might be a lost season for the lakers, but it's one of redemption for metta world peace."
b"this might be the best conversation we'll never get to understand"
b'this might be the most serene birth ever caught on video'
b'this morning was great though'
b'this movie is gonna be awesome'
b'this night just keeps getting better and better... lol, jk'
b'this night keeps getting better & better!?'
b'this night rocked'
b'this nurse really help me out today and made my day so much easier!'
b'this old school keith sweat song had my ready to make a baby & shit. sheeeesh'
b'this one dudes excuse was can i sit next to you so i can use that outlet to charge my phone face with tears of joy'
b'this one episode in which the matsu kids are more terrifying than usual and fucking drown iyami'
b'this pain and hurt is unbearable but i know i have to keep going. somehow but i have to do it.'
b'this paper would be done already if i did not get distracted so easily weary face'
b'this : " paris is being used to justify agendas that had nothing to do with the attack " by trevor timm'
b'this passport office is full of children going to europe for vacation and i am here just trying to go to canada for an ed conference'
b'this pic is so precious i swear... omg that hair'
b'this piggy never leaves her dog mom alone'
b'this place is dedicated to you, the dreamers, the rule-breakers, the ones who never grow up \xe2\x80\x93 your kingdom awaits!'
b'this poem will always mean so much to me. for it was a short time in my life i will never forget smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'this police brutality is getting out of hand. every day i am hearing about it more and more. what the fuck are they thinking?'
b'this rain is great relieved face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this really made my day'
b'this really made my day face with tears of joy'
b'this really made my day smile thanks guys!'
b"this really made my day. love you girl and i miss you omg whap wasn't the same without you loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'this really sucks i hate being sick!'
b"this semester i've had some lows that made me want to finish my college career from home."
b'this shit is dumb get off of my tv with this'
b'this shop is always packed'
b'this should be the attitude. i agree'
b'this should give you all some perspective...'
b'this smile means everything to me'
b'this sounds really sarcastic, but i do actually enjoy this - i just want a day off urgh'
b'this statement is causing uproar! obama in his own words " we the muslims " obama referred to himself as part of'
b'this the time of year when family that normally ignores you is gonna try to act interested in your love/school/work life. where ya ass was at?'
b'this time last year was a nightmare for me. november 2014, life happened. sleepy face'
b'this time you should take me away... /'
b'this totally topped off my week sad'
b'this track is pretty great. i have talented friends, man. i recommend music 100 %.'
b'this train is getting better! the best place to be! awesome blessed highly favoured people!'
b'this tv show is dumb but i can not stop watching'
b'this twitter is important because it is where i put my thoughts and my thoughts are completely determined by the music i listen to enjoy'
b'this vacation has been going great face with tears of joy'
b'this vehicle was intentionally set on fire behind the maple grove missionary baptist church, in sylvia, during'
b'this video ellen scaring the sh *t out of taylor swift is just the best thing ever :'
b'this was a great start to the day'
b"this was on our schedule but we're not going to make it. the birthday party full of children was more tiring than anticipated."
b'this wcw/mcm thingy looks like some purge shii peeps venting all the hate & anger'
b'this weather is lovely i want to go to band camp so badly right now'
b'this weather is out of control hopefully good ol judy decides to cancel classes tomorrow too'
b'this weather is scaring me'
b"this weed is so potent, it's a shame i have to smoke it"
b'this weekend is going to suck'
b'this weekend is going to suck... and it has not even started yet'
b'this weekend is going to suck smh'
b'this weekend is gonna suck'
b'this weekend is gonna suck... big time... loudly crying face'
b"this weekend is gonna suck but i have a barnes & noble date with my love on monday so i am feelin ' aight"
b'this weekend is gonna suck! but money'
b'this weekend is gonna suck like saturday im out with my dad and theyre doing housework and sunday im workin all day'
b'this weekend is gonna suck without my car weary face'
b'this weekend should be great'
b'this weekend sucked and this week is about to suck'
b'this week i will try not to wear sweat pants a single day for school smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'this week long hotel stay might not be so bad'
b'this week\'s " inkigayo " canceled because of death of former president'
b'this why i hate being sick.'
b"this will be the hardest ever rt i've never been anywhere with fewer flat roads than devon."
b'this wont be the last anniversary that im going to have with losa family! imma comeback! smile \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f wonderful and blessed day! thank you lord!'
b'this would be the perfect relationship'
b"this would not be so funny if it weren't true. lol"
b'this year had been full of life lessons.'
b'this year i am determined to enjoy the festive season \xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81\xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85 decorations always make me smile \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'this year i am going to try and make candie yams!'
b'this yeezy " mula " and this " bang all summer " on disc 1 lawd smh'
b'i enjoyed how some aspects were very mundane and believable. it was the unbelievable which i could not handle.'
b'thomas paine ~ government even in its best state is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.'
b'what if something truly crazy happens and na wins, does that validate their decade and a half of blaming jetlag?'
b'those eyes and smile no wonder why i crave you more'
b'those faithful raised fist smiling face with heart shaped eyes girlfriends that hold down their boyfriend \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x91\xab\xf0\x9f\x94\x90 and never no entry sign give up they deserve everything \xf0\x9f\x92\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e'
b'those girls that post so much stuff about how shitty of a boyfriend they had, and then get back together with him the next day'
b'those guys who smoke weed and drink two bottles of beer and starts talking about opening a company sad -_- waste'
b"those i've loved by eric church hits me right in the feels. definitely recommend listening to it if you haven't."
b'those morning workouts that just put you in the best mood ever.'
b'those people were there to listen to a candidate not to a protester. he was infringing on their rights too.'
b'those rocks really intimidated us?'
b"those text messages you never want to erase, because it's so special and makes you smile every time you re-read it."
b'those white strips worked pretty well, i went from austin powers yellow to irregular smoker yellow. might have to buy some more.'
b"those who are truly blessed go through hell that way they'll appreciate the blessing soon to be coming there way"
b'those who love it when kids ask questions, and those who hate it.'
b"though i dont talk to alex much, i know he's a keeper. he's a great friend & full of life and never fails to bring a smile"
b'though, i guess i can take being able to identify what was wrong with it and how i can fix it now as a step in the right direction!'
b'thought i failed the physics test but i got a 90 wow smile'
b'thought i was gonna go to bed an hour ago. instead, i am in the er waiting for to get a staple removed from her thumb. sweet.'
b'thoughts and prayers for people in'
b'thoughts and prayers for those people involved in the situation that has occurred in paris this evening.. very sad \xf0\x9f\x87\xab'
b'thoughts and prayers with hostages in mali. praying for an end to this madness. _sy.'
b'thoughts playing on repeat like a broken record? for free on 116 123. (twitter not monitored at night )'
b'three foreign professors. one hippy that smokes and hacks computers. one ta. kinda cool'
b'three x uk soldiers returned from syria after fighting 4 kurds got applause this girl got arrested'
b'... threw up, and had an anxiety/panic attack, but apart from that, pretty good first try!'
b'threw up twice, almost passed out & i am at work... today is such a shitty day.'
b'throwing ice at people because they need to chill..!'
b'thru 3 games, western illinois is first in the country in 3p % (efficiency ) and dead last in 3pa/fga (volume ):'
b'lol right n how " he loved you "'
b'yea its skrong alright lol. fuck you & ur emoji game'
b'thursday needs to come faster'
b'i miss you too dawgy'
b'have a great time n have lots of fun n make sum memories ul never forget'
b'i had to really contain my emotions. it made my day. heavy black heart'
b'good seeing you last night. ha'
b'you realize you lost at home to the shitty " ole piss " right?'
b'the mcdonalds was great though'
b'please tell them that i love them so much! and please follow me back on twitter. hehehe loudly crying face face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy laughing cause i am reading this while hearing some dumb music in the background from the tv'
b'last day of the summer months people - enjoy!'
b'tiger week... one week no uniform and one yellow shirt in my closet...'
b'no one cares what you think any more. pouting face'
b'tightening may be better. loosing your virginity in a pool table probably lit. you can pretend you in a madonna video.'
b'do not understand why people have to make things so awkward when it comes to sex or porn or drugs or anything really thinking face'
b'time for a quick pump, i need to release some frustration angry face'
b'time for dinner, just collected a flames grill takeaway for the family face savouring delicious food'
b"hillary's mess of corruption is a disgrace to women everywhere. she should be ashamed, she has let women of all ages down."
b'love president elect trump. i wish people had not been brainwashed by the lib media. well i was not. read the bible. no one perfect'
b': nyu has installed a shining solution to its library\'s troubling suicide problem | (via ) "'
b'one could lend a lot to the clintons for his state of affairs, giving advice that no one can get.'
b'times like these i am so great full to have a fridge in my room full with bottles of water. such bad dry mouth'
b'times like this wish i had somebody to chill and cool it with'
b'talk about killing american jobs. wtf?? this is a hatred idea aimed at america workers.'
b'time to choose america. socialism destroys jobs. capitalism creates jobs. want to get america working again?'
b'time to get excited for hydraulics! yeah buddy!'
b'time to go edit, finish by 11pm, then go do homework'
b'time to go home & figure out how to cash in my 401(k), sell my apartment, car & one of the 2 kids so i can go all in on bye.'
b'time to play my nightly game of " where are the light switches in this hotel room? "'
b'time to release some sexual frustration.'
b'time to rise and grind. love being up early'
b'time to start getting for work, whoo hoo! the joy? lol'
b'time to watch episode 4 of love live. might as well since i got nothing else to do.'
b"ugh, this is what's wrong with so many cultures... get to know yourself first, then consider letting someone else into your life."
b'yeah well, they said the same thing when obama got a second term'
b'hey! its danni from the atl concert smile me &dillan were wondering if we could add you &vicky on facebook? not to seem creepy lol'
b"tina's of the day smile give people a bit of your heart rather than a piece of your mind."
b't in the " d "! big dallas... no foolin \', i am coming to see you, start ya droolin \'! hahaha!'
b'i am writing the most lovely dovey fuckin toothache sweet thing about them right now and i want to kick my own ass over it'
b"they've been playing christmas music all month and it looked like santa threw up in the break room when i walked in today"
b'i love you, mama face throwing a kiss you gotta let me hehe'
b'negative squared latin capital letter a tioonnne face with stuck out tongue you so funny lol and done got so tall man lol but you cool & love to mess with somebody face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'tips about from top leaders'
b'tips for boosting engagement and creating a successful target message for your next meeting.'
b'tips for losing weight at home. lose up to 8lbs in one week'
b'tipsy butt speak i want,, how lovely'
b'tired and feeling apathetic, but also mildly good looking? selfie time i guess'
b'tired is an understatement.'
b'tired of all these tuff crowd shooting ass niggas sleeping face'
b'tired of seeing " relationship goals " y\'all have more relationship goals than life goals. sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'tir intentions hold great power for holding gratitude throughout my day.'
b"dc jerry gray says safeties babineaux, robert johnson aren't competing with one another for a spot."
b"titan's fan _cowboy_dan explains bet with his wife to put it in her butt"
b"titans ' wr coach should be hoarse after yelling at dgb for lack of urgency on this drive."
b'title for my memoir of the last decade : a series of brutal disappointments in the junk food aisle of the natural food store.'
b"to meet you. i've heard minimal good things about you and i am really excited to know you more. \xe2\x99\xa1"
b'photoshops my face on her body'
b'ye ye, that work ethic gotta hit a whole other level now.'
b'they do also start the fire first ; intentionally ; in every case'
b'sign up with such technical skill and imposing physique as his, he is money to b made!'
b'5 out of your last 10 tweets are whining about something'
b'better for you if polls were closer - the bigger the lead the sooner corbyn will be ditched'
b'to all the lovely soccer stars of catholic high.. scrimmage is at school'
b"to anyone still making the'something about a picture of andy carroll... oh no wait, it's a horse ' joke ; stop."
b'to assistindo the love school'
b'to be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.'
b'to be smile getting up early to make breakfast'
b'to be happy you must learn to ignore many things.'
b'to be honest, " i am sorry " does not mean shit to me'
b"to be honest it does not matter whether one person is their playing or not if the team can hold it down they're good."
b"you mean hole -y shit ahhahahdhdfhsfsdk (i'm looking at ur twitter bc you followed me and i am a creepy stalker but not really hello )"
b'today a coworker was being really sarcastic and mean to me and i tried to leave the backroom and he blocked me from leaving'
b'everyone hates kpop at my school and they call me a wannabe asian. gotta love school good school'
b'today at work i asked my boss to guess what i am thinking of right now and she sighed and said " is it miguel " and i said yes'
b'today definitely started off well.'
b'today, forgive those that have hurt you & forgive yourself so that you can walk in victory.'
b'today has been an amazing day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'today has been a shitty day but it sucks more because i can not talk to you'
b'today has been a successful shopping trip smile now got to go fitness training with my dad, brother and brothers football team sad'
b'today has been awful but i am going to play star wars so everything is okay.'
b'today has just been a great day, i aced my test and i won my match! to god be the glory because without him i would be nothing!'
b'today, i am celebrating friends i met this year. :u have been a blessing to me this yr. i respect n appreciate your personality'
b'today, i am determined to enjoy my run'
b"today... i encourage you to intentionally do a type by... type by someone's page and intentionally fire some"
b'today i found out the native american in the villiage people was actually native american. okay.'
b'today i learned european lobbies are full of children'
b'today is a fucking lovely day! nothing can go wrong!'
b"today is a lucky day! it's not even 6pm and we are having a great start to our evening! we love seeing people"
b'today is a shitty day'
b', today is boring aass shittt'
b"today is friday and i am off work. it's not even noon, and i have puke on my shirt. it's not my own vomit. adult sticker unlocked!"
b'today is going so well'
b'today is going to be a good day for me i can feel it. lol i actually woke up in a happy mood which rarely happens'
b'today is gonna be fun!'
b'today is good example why you do not draft a running back in the first round.'
b'today is my birthday... i am 15 now... i love you heavy black heart'
b'today is my last day of work until the first friday in december'
b'today is not the day to be fucking with my happy mood'
b'today is okay i guess.'
b'today is the day! we can not wait to see everyone at he irving convention center at las colinas tonight!'
b'today is the first day of the rest of your life " - i hate trite shit like that. just sayin \''
b'today is the last day i can perfect my work ready to take in tomorrow at 9am.'
b'today is the oldest you have ever been, and the youngest you will ever be..'
b"today is toby flenderson's last day. i couldn't sleep last night. i came in extra early. so much energy."
b'today i take the last tests for the year and then finals and bang summer break i honestly can not wait'
b'today, i was told that my ear looks like an art museum.'
b'today lost the most important woman in my life pam my ma in law smiling face with halo crying face crying face'
b'today me and my bf grew closer... we had an amazin day... -- lol maybe'
b"today right after school some girl i didnt know told me im really pretty and it made my day (':"
b"today's a great day for some bitch to come along and fuck it up"
b"today's been a shitty day so far"
b"today's confirmed starting line-up and subs in full on our matchday graphic"
b"today's healthy food. happy mood : health & fitness daily news digest is released."
b'today should be great smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'today show is boring nothing going on same old same drag out storylines. sleeping face'
b"today's office. pretty awesome job today."
b'today some guy told me i have really pretty cheek bones. oddly enough it made my day smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'todays price action saw applied materials inc break a 5 day winning streak amat'
b'todays price action saw capital one financial break a 2 day winning streak cof'
b'todays price action saw eurchf break a 3 day winning streak'
b"today's stupid comment : colleague was talking bout 'black friday ' and i asked if it was today."
b"today's the first day of the school year where we can actually wear huge jackets and not sweat all day"
b'today the glass house is silent. our thoughts are with friends in paris. simply stunned.'
b"today was a good day. it's honestly the greatest feeling in the world to give to others and feeding people in need. truly blessed."
b'today was a long &hard day for me but i had a student who gave me some hugs today just because and it really made my day'
b'today was an ok day?'
b'today was a very good day. smile \xe2\x80\x94 feeling thankful'
b'today was fun & i got my daily dose of christmas cheer'
b'today was my first and last day of going into work at 4am. never again.'
b'today was my last day of the work week and i am off for a week! white smiling face \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x80 \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'today was so lit! 12 schools (and that school that was waiting outside for me ) were interested! i can not wait for the convention auditions!'
b'today was the last day i had to work on a saturday. starting next week, yah girl gets them off. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'today we got shocked in physics'
b'today we opened a new term of the federal national council, wishing all members great success in serving our nation'
b'today will be the sad + happy mood. goodnight.'
b'todd just ran out of gas in the taco bell drive thru'
b'to draw : most turbulent romantic relationship. i love it, i hate it, it kills me, i need it, it makes me hate myself, it makes me love life.'
b'to everyone thinkin they irreplaceable face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'to everyone who bought me food during my 5 hour shift tonight, i love you face throwing a kiss'
b'to every school burying their heads in the sand re do not let your kids drown!'
b'to every single person that has supported me and never doubted me... thank you... i am still pinching myself!'
b'just saw! so pretty. ugh cant wait to get mine hope will look nice when i wear too lol'
b'to have an awesome weekend that it becomes difficult to assimilate back to normal life'
b'to hell with the stats. how about all races quit killing people'
b'i think its so disgusting. without that woman babbling, nb would even know that b &t had lived kr\xc3\xa4henwinkelwhen they were kids'
b'glad you are making fun of cultural appropriation. why on earth would not you \\take the best ideas of a culture?'
b'told i had lupus, but tested negative. over years slowly got worse. finally a diagnosis 2004 & 3 days from dying. 11 yrs later living well!'
b"told me i ain't shit, i guess i am proving it right now."
b'to make people have invested their careers in talking about periods. thank you shooting star'
b"my mother's middle name is literally the word gay. i hate it when people use gay as an insult when it mean happiness"
b'probably after high school i will really get in shape or something i just do not have the time to do it but hopefully i will'
b'you never check your twitter that i made for you!'
b'thanks for the super fun in dallas last night. you were wonderful!'
b"tomorrow i just have one more task when i get up, then i am dressing bun and i up and we're off for the day. looking forward to it."
b'tomorrow is my last day off before going back to work and i am sooo not looking forward to it'
b'tomorrow is my last day off before heading back to work on monday. never enough time sad'
b'tomorrow is my last day of work till next monday! praise black jesus'
b'tomorrow is such a big day both personally and professionally! i am determined to stay focused and enjoy the'
b'tomorrow is the big day! we can not wait to see everyone out at the lone star convention & expo center for faith'
b'tomorrow is the last day of this hell week. and then i can rest and pray i will not have to work another 7 days straight this year.'
b'tomorrow my stream i am going to call it : based off your feedback wwe my career matches to dspgaming!'
b'tomorrow night should be fun'
b'tomorrows going to be a gutsy day -- lets get some sleep shall we? goodnite/morning?'
b'tomorrows is my last day of work for 8 days to i am lit.'
b"tomorrow's my last day of work and i honestly do not feel like showing up."
b"tomorrow will be the first time that i've left lubbock in over 3 months, it will be nice to be back in the real world"
b'tomorrow will be the last day i work at mcdanks smirking face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'tomsawyer : " well, he\'s mended kites for me, huck, and knitted hooks on to my line. i wish we could get him out of there. "'
b"toms taking a cigarette break while 5sos is on im following in his footsteps i can not be there for this i'd rather murder my lungs."
b"to make it worse, i can not trust the review since the reviewer did not say a negative thing about it. shouldn't be called a review."
b'to my family, the nationals organization/teammates, and to all the amazing fans, thank you! i am truly blessed and " the best is yet to come "'
b"to my future daughter, if this happens to you... i am begging you to please come into my room, so you're not alone."
b"tom, you're being generous and giving them too much credit for having common sense."
b'exactly! i do not smoke, or do drugs, or drink much, so food is my addiction. nobody would shame me for that addiction on'
b'shame about wf, two years worth of articles up in smoke sad'
b'tonight, after they played their new single, dave had them play " how you like me now? " again. cool.'
b"tonight - always a great night when the barnwell shift comes to play in our tasting room! aydee's will be serving"
b'tonight grayson cried when the chef at hibachi threw the shrimp at him i should have laughed but it was so funny face with tears of joy'
b'tonight i am babysitting at a hotel, once the kids go to sleep i should throw a hotel party'
b'tonight is about to be a fun night smile'
b'tonight me kaelam justin and jane drove around all singing to thinking out loud by ed sheeran and smoked and it was beautiful'
b'tonight should be great'
b'tonight should be great smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight was great though with my babies grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight was literally the prom i never had : i got to look hot, drink, and everyone there was cool af'
b'tonight was super fun. had a good night out with the homies'
b"tonight we're hosting our last auction of the year! do not miss out! preview happening now, auction begins promptly at 7:00 pm."
b'if you could play with one player from the past who would it be?#asktoni'
b'maybe this is not so good of an idea.'
b'have a great trip, and enjoy your off season. we will follow your last driving season!'
b'too bad i can only use these emojis in my ipad and not on my phone. stupid android.. y you no update?! \xf0\x9f\x96\x96\xf0\x9f\xa4\x90\xf0\x9f\xa4\x95\xe2\x9c\x8d'
b'too bad i cant go to lifetime. thankkkyou hurting toe, i dont feel fat at all'
b"too bad she's not that good at playing the gay part of her character."
b'too bored to do nothing. too lazy to do anything.'
b'too good to check.'
b"too happy, nothing's changing my mood rn, can go work with a smile on my face face with tears of joy"
b'took forever trying to braid my moms hair smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'took my daughter to the set of the disney show " kickin it " w my good friend and student leo howard!'
b'took my mum to costa for brunch smiling face with smiling eyes lovely staff at belper'
b"took this photo of me in the car and i think i spotted a ufo! crazy! stay safe... i do not think we're alone anymore."
b'took time to re think my whole life once and i realized that i do not need a lot of the people or things i constantly stressed about'
b'too late to try and make up for the unneccesary roughness call'
b"too late to try to fix it myself so i'll try again tomorrow and bring it to the office if it's still broken."
b'too lazy to make up the bed, sleeping sheet less weary face'
b'too many derps taken of me today. fk im beautiful.'
b'too much revision havent done, too much assignment havent started'
b'he the reason we lost.. nigga was shitty from start to finish.. pg from uni took berry soul! smh'
b'top of the best films about business and business success'
b'top physical therapy twitter influencers one should follow'
b'topshop & topman sydney confirmed to open october 4th. about time.'
b"top song now playing 'oh love my lady love ' by 'lb loxley ' on please support and retweet"
b'top training session with the fab looking forward to putting it into practice on saturday!'
b'i am done at 4ish def text me if you are free after that!'
b'i just got out of the shower so imma get dressed and head down there. my tooth brush and purple bag is downstairs i think'
b"~tormented love ~ waking at midnight checking for a new message hoping she's still mine"
b'i just got a linkedin request from someone who tried really, really hard to screw and me. sociopaths have no shame.'
b'torture is the smell of your freshly baked stuffing wafting up to the front seat with an hour until you reach your final destination.'
b'tory mp says more women should be sent to prison to achieve equality with men did he talk a glass eye to sleep again'
b'to say i have teammates is a understatement, those are my brothers.. how could i live another day knowing i let them down'
b'to say i miss basketball is a huge understatement. i can not wait to be back in the gym again with a whole new appreciation for it'
b'to say i am totally lost in econ is the understatement of the year.'
b'to say they deserve it is an understatement! first place! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f blue heart'
b"to say you're the best thing that's ever happened to me, is an understatement"
b'black heart suit to see 1006 lovely dogs for adoption please visit & rt some dog tweets to help find homes'
b'to spice up your ad strategy, try going viral via wait, why did not i think of that?'
b'totally killing it \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'totd : the grass is greener where you water it.'
b"to the boys who think that they are hilarious being immature jerks to my sister, i hope you know you're not funny at all."
b'to the people " whispering " non stop while i am trying to learn. you are not as subtle as you think you are. please stfu.'
b'to the police officers reading this tweet - fuck you. defiant. will never back down. af'
b'to the privileged, equality feels like oppression. "'
b'to this day umbrella/singing in the rain is my favorite song from glee'
b'to trinidadians & tobagonians at home and around the world, we join you in wishing a happy golden anniversary to'
b'touch\xc3\xa9. " : when you\'re not grown so ya fridge is always full and you ain\'t gotta pay bills "'
b'to whoever wants to fuck up my relationship, get your own to mess with you fucking low life.'
b'towns always packed'
b'toxic gaming house is giving away an graphics card. enter to win and gain more entries when you share with friends.'
b'to you, i was a cigarette break to me, you were a forest fire'
b'lol you won in my eyes. i was yelling thru the tv look at tracey get down lol'
b"always an absolute joy to read. just realised i've been a fanboy for 31 years."
b'tracking technology to be in snowplows this winter as city aims for better service'
b'traffic got you down? the guys at vespa have just the ride for you : a scooter with a 75mm recoilless rifle.'
b'traffic have you ready to buy a damn motor scooter'
b'train in a tight alley (at pikes peak )'
b'transcribing 50 minutes of interviews with & and these boys foolin the entire time weary face face with tears of joy'
b'trans day of remembrance rip to all my trans babies who were killed because of hate crimes or suicide.'
b'transfer deadline day : marquee signings more important than winning matches'
b'transfer deadline day... shame i am off work.'
b'transform those boring business documents into something beautiful with'
b'phone died lol in using the ipod like shit n my tv'
b'trash paper submitted (possibly to a trash can where it belongs ) so good i can read books that are not shitty myth retellings again'
b'traveling first class from paris. is it worth the price?'
b'i feel terrible for not noting her name but the receptionist at leeds swinegate last night was an absolute joy and so helpful'
b'travi scott blessed us with two new tracks : thank you, la'
b"man convicted in lil ' wayne tour bus shooting sentenced to 10 years in prison"
b'treats feelings. love doctors... what do you really treat? i do not see anybody marry their 1st love'
b"that's awesome man! would love to have met you! you were a favorite of mine at nc state!"
b'i have school on saturday but some schools do not have school on friday too, which is literally god in arabic'
b"nah, the mcdonalds dark roast coffee here is actually really good, better than timmie's coffee"
b'lol jk but good im so happy for you'
b'news : i have heard that the next stretch goal is " the asylum. " nurse, orderly, and patient are the playbooks.'
b'lmao that is great. but seriously that shit had me rolling this morning'
b"serving up great black friday deals you will not wanna miss! see the deals in wednesday's"
b'ruby was just happy trent was in a better mood & he grins up at him. " so where to? "'
b'trevor literally looked over to the right 6 times before the snap... guess where the ball went'
b"loved the interview you did. i'd love to see more of this kind of genuine sincerity on display on"
b'hope you get well soon. rather you get better and give a great show at a later date.'
b'now that the election is going to be over, what will now discuss? what do you now talk about after november 8?'
b'i think to call it stupid would be an understatement. just an overly upset fan that believs the qb was screwed out a gw td drive'
b'trials can make a relationship grow strong and immune with all aspects of life.'
b'correction its at sac state'
b'tribute to paris - our hearts & prayers go out for people of france'
b"yay, it was such a wonderful day! i hope you like the books :'d"
b'-is so lost in need. her head falls back, long hair spilling all the way down to tickle your thighs as she rides you hard,'
b'tried face timing my sister but forgot she has a stupid android'
b'tried to make a donation online. first message said successful. second message said failed. checked credit card - sale. confused face'
b'i need work very very bad le i am not getting labour work because holiday star it a few minter before i was sitting out side of'
b'thank you hunter just keep doing what you doing with nxt'
b'i get that, i think it reflects pure skill over strategy. i played cal cs :source/1. 6 in high school but do not have time now sad'
b'no need in that josh sick putting something like that'
b'your parents must be so proud'
b'tropical storm isaac now upgraded to hurricane isaac.'
b"yeah i swear if jonathan does not make it to the top two i will be piss af idk he's just so sweet and so kinky that pickle wow"
b'we appreciate your support! stay safe and have a great weekend.'
b"true feminism is men's and women's rights. not one vs. the other"
b'true friends are everything.'
b'true friends are friends for life'
b'true friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. false friends are like leaves, found everywhere.'
b'true friends are the ones who have nice things to say about you behind your back.'
b'true friends do not judge you because you do one thing'
b"true friends finish each other's sentences sweetie smile"
b'true friends hard to come by'
b'true friends lie underneath. these witty words i do not believe. i can not believe a damn thing they say, anymore.'
b'true friends never leave you during hard times.'
b'true friends remain, no matter what.'
b'true friends srab tou in the front'
b'true friends will be by your side through it all.'
b'true friends will be there not only in the sun but also in the dark.'
b'true happiness is the smell of a freshly opened pack of juicy fruit bubblegum'
b"i hope you enjoy what's coming! we're super excited!"
b'true. my heart is really aching at this cold blooded day light murder. i am shocked at the humanity at its lowest ebb'
b'true or false : is all about " timing the market " just right. find out the answer :'
b'true test of character is what happens when no one is looking'
b'trumps ego has become so large its infringing on ted cruzs. cruz threatens to bomb if trumps ego doesnt back off.'
b'trump will adopt same platform, new york city kid only thinks workers make to much money!'
b'these bandwagon hopping ass hoes'
b'trust is the most important thing in any relationship. without 100 % trust in a woman how do you know she will not tell your wife.'
b"trust me. i see the difference. you're not foolin me."
b'if you do not take care of you then what is left? making your a priority is of the utmost'
b'i agree the fight should be great. i am talking about only. neither promoter made real effort to transcend hardcore fans.'
b'truth! no, but it will start to hurt eventually'
b'never laughed so much a sal running through a haunted cornfield. love this show'
b'trying for someone who could careless about you fucking sucks.'
b'trying not to let the anger and fear and hate eat everything else. the vast majority of acts in paris today were acts of heroism and love.'
b'trying to catch up on overdue apush and ap english homework. as well as finish mondays homework and study for my french and math test.'
b'trying to do work with zero motivation is pretty much impossible'
b'trying to figure out what to do tomorrow at the gym.. and finish homework so i can drive home when i finish classes and meetings monday!'
b"trying to find an inside joke within a movie that's still clever enough to be subtle. feel free to play along and list suggestions. please."
b'trying to find that one song to fall asleep to on pandora smile time for bed have to wake up in a few hours for work. then toby keith sunday!'
b'trying to finish my homework so i can reward myself with wine'
b'trying to help my sister work her new iphone is hilarious face with tears of joy'
b'trying to relax hopefully i feel better closer to the boxing match. what a day.'
b"trying to remove a bottle from a baby's mouth while they're sleeping is harder then it seems flushed face mom"
b"trying to satisfy yourself with anything besides jesus is like trying to satisfy a chick-fil -a craving with mcdonald's"
b"trying to shave my legs while drunk in a small shower was a fucking task. i was successful though so that's all the matters"
b"trying to wrap up my work for today asap personal computer &heading tmr for a quick weekend stay in nyc - be back in bos on mon smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes splashing sweat symbol have a nice wknd y'all \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83"
b'try loving yourself more than what you want someone else too!'
b'tryna braid my own hair hardest thing ever!'
b'tryna finish my homework atm.'
b'tryna get that vegeta level work ethic.'
b'try not to get hurt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'try these poses tomorrow for a great start to your day. good morning yoga sequence'
b"try to damage my ego. i'll just get you back with it."
b'try working in retail, in a shop that is full of children. i feel brain dead xd'
b'you see that you had your chance and you blew it.'
b'you guys need to watch the film on these officials reffing the greenback harriman game! atrocious to say the least'
b'it\'s boring up here, i am going crazy? " you bout to come home tho'
b'tuesday can not come any faster.'
b'tuesday come faster please. i need to hear these two gorgeous & talented human beings live heavy black heart'
b'tuesday evening drive - new years, gas, fitness'
b'tuesday, november 17, 2015 how to pray for people you are not thankful for by brad russell 3 prayers to pray'
b'tuesday you are mighty fine!'
b'ok bye now i am going to take shower. bdw talk you at evening or nite. pls come online. ok bye take care.'
b'not just in relationship. in life does'
b'my life is a nightmare... i have to escape'
b'tunggu keluar!'
b'tuning in to absolute joy - thank you for being our radio partner!'
b'tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12'
b': fuck you. get your shit together. which side do you fight for anyways?'
b'turning off my alarms...'
b'turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs quickly so no one kills you.'
b'turn on the lights i am looking for her to, i heard she got a pretty face standing like a stallion'
b'*turns on post notifications so you know its real *'
b'turns on read receipts so you know its real.'
b'turn your entire life into an mmorpg dating sim by continuing to do this for the rest of your relationship.'
b'he could have beaten him up at first buh reasoned better and found " positive in negative " that\'s how to become'
b'thanks for following smile please like our facebook page'
b'tv blackout rules are so dumb'
b'tv clipster alert - time inc. has been mentioned just now'
b"i've been on a winning streak smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"tv star's plastic surgery nightmare - one of the stars of modern family has opened up on his body dysmorphia ba"
b'honestly i thought i had downloaded the wrong album at first i thought there had been a mix up in the mp3 files'
b'goodnight! i love you soooo much and i hope that i can meet and hug you soon! so you should come to massachusetts or near there'
b"me neither. the smell of freshly washed clothes & soap powder is intoxicating for me, but that's actually pretty normal."
b'tweeter? twits? austin and ally sure is creative.'
b'tweeting from my phone pretty much guarantees an auto-correct that i do not notice.'
b"tweeting to jodi & we're in the same room. face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'tweet is not relevant tweet interjects creepy strangers face on my timeline tweet presumes i have money'
b"like spurrier, he's another of those natural born winners, he'd rather hand over if struggling than take the"
b'twerk it for me lady \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e'
b"hi tom you're my favorite actor in all time i'd be white smiling face if you follow her"
b'i finally got to watch crimson peak and i absolutely loved it! very dark and disturbing yet unexpected.'
b'tw : inc *st the idea of calling someone you\'re sexually attracted to " dad " seems incestuous and gross.'
b'fix the stupid android app its ugly'
b'hi, a long time ago i used the application to show me my week on twitter, now i want to stop it but when i want to (1/2)'
b'twitter is fun today'
b"twitter is fun today. i am dealing w left wing nuts who are editing my'truth ' posts on guns rather than deal in facts. good times!"
b'twitter is fun today. i missed it. maybe i need more twitter in my life'
b'twitter is fun today'
b'twitter is getting boring like my life'
b'twitter is so dope i love how it brings young black intellectuals together discussing & creating change.'
b'twitter post -@hailstatefb win is the best kind of twitter.'
b"twitter should really have a word correction thing for after we post something if we mess up because it's a struggle with autocorrect"
b'twitter so funny lol'
b'your personality does emerge even within 140 characters, keep your tweets interesting/informative/amusing/rt/always support others!'
b'two boys were playing in their house when they made a terrifying discovery. seriously, omg.'
b'two days until dallas! looking forward to seeing the play with dallasstars'
b'two determined british men brave flood to enjoy a pint in their local pub "'
b'two dumb friends drink games :'
b'two large americanos this afternoon and now feeling wired! i am gonna have a headache later confounded face'
b'two months after kumbh mela in nashik, godavari is once again a nullah choked with garbage and plastic'
b'two -thirds of the world can not pass this basic financial literacy test. can you?'
b'two -thirds of the world can not pass this basic financial literacy test... interesting global results.'
b'the cd (1990) is out of stock, but can be downloaded in mp3 format from the internet/ itunes (some songs )'
b'he looked flat for a bit. the comeback was great though.'
b'ty! sorry to ask directly : is this image royalty free? finally urgently need to finance incredible amount of of pro-bono work'
b'can i have a virtual hug'
b'wait so i can get a tybzi hug?!'
b'please check out my omnipotent freestyle! i would really appreciate it'
b'tyga feat. kirko bangz out this bitch'
b'tyga is just getting better n better smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'tygas new music gon be fire watch lol long as he keep it authentic'
b'he was doggin obama too'
b'fun fun for everyone!'
b'tyleroakley : of all things contagious in the world, i do not mind catching laughter from my friends.'
b'thinking of creative ways to tell people " sit on my face " so i could be in the next tyler oakley video'
b'i love working there was this and when did you'
b'downloaded that thing into an. mp3 and added to itunes i can show you l8r'
b"i know we have our arguments, but i do not want to have 'em with anybody else. i love you, jane."
b"always talking about how they get hurt but they fucking everybody. you're a hoe, reason niggas could careless about you"
b'follow me please smile'
b'tyson fury is 100 % regretting this fight can not wait to get home saturday and watch him kiss the canvas'
b'you a lame of you get played by a bitch'
b'it also allows us to look up when we pee.'
b'? " : there are almost 5,000 gods being worshipped by humanity. "'
b'you can bet ur rump i will go sit in a theater full of children to watch the second incredibles movie'
b"you can hate and judge me bc of a flag but then aren't you doin the same thing you despise the flag for. get to know me before you judge me ok."
b'you can learn so much about a person through long bus rides.'
b'you can not blame a girl if she did not wanna fuck wit you no more because you run ya mouth about everything like a female'
b'you care too much about people who could careless about you, stop being so nice'
b'uc berk is pretty chill i love the vibe smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'team please reply me when i will get my prize of odi - 3?'
b'you do not got to church lookin for integrity. listen, you go to to fellowship & listen to d word of otherwise disapponitment looms'
b'you do not have to ask for nudes just find out they gram name and you golden'
b'you dont have to say sorry smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'you dont have to say what you did i already know i found it from him'
b'you do not need to watch at the pics... you just need to say'
b'give me a southern fan to roast. i have not had a good one since that tennessee kid'
b'ughhh i am so dumb i am always watching recorded tv and not skipping the commercials'
b'that sucks omg sad good luck getting better ones i believe in you'
b'ugh \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\xa4\x95 i hate being sick'
b'ugh i just can not believe my mf night, that shit was terrible & i had a good feeling bout that shit but no. waste of fucking'
b'ugh i am so glad tomorrow is my last day of work'
b'ugh i really need to do my home work'
b'ugh just can not wait to be done w highschool bc florida has the cutest and cheapest apartments.. just wanna be there nowww'
b'ugh.. laziness is hitting me now. well at least i got some info already.'
b"ugh ok i am posting it tonight if your teachers hate you tomorrow for sleeping in class it's not my fault face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'ugh today needs to be over!'
b'ugh what a day thank im home'
b'ugh! why is it so hot down here? give me back my lubbock weather please! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'ugly bitches who are bitches should stop that shit.'
b'you guys are smart i think you will love the new stuff then there will be people who say we changed like where in some kind of box'
b'you have absolutely no idea how attracted i am to you'
b'uh -ha bitch i will be dj at your funeral..! face throwing a kiss'
b'& please note that without bleaching these will give a subtle tint, not a strong color'
b'get triggered lad i downloaded the 10 hour versiom as an mp3 when i was addicted to what is love'
b"you kno at least mike d 'antoni had us rolling on office byron scott is cant do nothing"
b'you know how im starting to love math and this ridiculous equation and everything but what can i do im just too lembab for all of thiz.'
b'you know when ur having a bad day yh same expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b"uk singer who has beautiful voice, she's singing straight from the soul."
b'uk truebies not long now until those of you with sky and virgin get to see the fabulous fifth season of true'
b'uk! want to meet me? i want to meet you smile click below for a chance but hurry competition closes at midnight!'
b'ulster bank provide generous?25 incident credit to all those out of pocket for weeks!'
b'you make them believe you on another level wit ur work ethic and then they create standards for you'
b'um trynna go c dat new movie possession today... dat lil white bitch look crazy as hell'
b'could you please dm me i really need to ask you something'
b'i really need anew iphone my stupid android (lg tribute ) quit working id like a gold iphone if you have anymore'
b'" well, actually i could. i do not have a school to run like charles. " he shrugs.'
b'always feel joy &pleasure, always deeply appreciate everything, always welcome prosperity &abundance as a blessing then bless up'
b'no one called me. this is very disappointing to be treated this way. your phone lines go out and you charge me a fee.'
b"sorry no need to be. i only live for fun that's my motto & happy face. cheers"
b'twas awesome. danced all night and even won best moves contest \xf0\x9f\x98\x84birthday girl and i'
b'uncomfortable is an understatement'
b'bret hart talks a lot of foolishness, he only compliments himself and believes he had all the best ideas for the business'
b'underrated is an understatement'
b'awesome to have the opportunity to come onstage and participate in the presentation!'
b'understatement of the century'
b'underweight, did not eat, pill popping and depressed \xe2\x9e\xa1\xef\xb8\x8f happy, healthy and full of life. never goin back.'
b'im hoping it swas me lol swag'
b'you never think how hurt my life will be... despite you know... please look into my eyes if you see me... please show me you love me too'
b'unexpected finding shows climate change complexities in soil'
b'unexpected romantic conflict might surface today and have impa... more for sagittarius'
b'unexpected text messages are always nice. the fact that the person took a little bit of their time to make you smile.'
b'unfortunately, i like most of them, ha! this is, i believe, our 3rd conversation tweets. you should probably just follow me now'
b'i always picture that miyata has this pretty self-centered idea that ippo would be attracted to him and/not/ reject him just'
b"lol took you two hours to tweet after the game. i wasn't even talking shit, i was simply asking. i bet on y'all -"
b"union leaders from fighting for women's rights at work! seattle needs paid parental leave!"
b'united bug bounty : an experience in reporting a serious vuln " dont think i agree w/ altering media on a bug bounty'
b'on a day with no weather of note your service from phx to yyc was 8hrs late, a whole day of my life is gone'
b'unknown artist - sweet jamaica is now playing on organixx_world... only the best in authentic reggae music'
b"unless you slept a night in my nest you shouldn't waste your breath to criticize my mess"
b'unlike you i realized what tv was 20 years ago. it turns out dumb asses like you'
b'unlocking my bra when i got home and every girl know this'
b'lawyer has misunderstood the rte, as being degrees & diplomas home-delivered.'
b'uno is a fan favourite for all the family and we at freddies toybox love it -'
b'unparched is patent and license play'
b'yr amazin at what you do & you enjoy it, do not give up! make it make you more determined to get where you wanna be, i believe in ya'
b"unresearched opinion here, but i do not think there's been a better album closer than 30 on danny brown's xxx since."
b'- thanks for following. god bless you and your family and business.'
b'unstoppable! congrats and awesome job caitlin!'
b"until now, i 'am searching for d answer. the real reason why you quickly fade away. again, thank you for the hurts"
b'until the bs started that bitch was lit!'
b'that makes me rly happy, i can finally write about my secret love of cillian murphy'
b"unfortunately, many of my messages were not read. or were misunderstood. (i couldn't write what i wanted... ) - god xx smile"
b'sending this was an insult to every suicidal abuse victim begging their govt to stop persecuting & neglecting them, nz is shit!'
b"up10tion's gyujin is a baby full of swag in his birthday photo"
b'wow v nice i cant wait'
b"wish it were at mine! instead it's playing at my local indie, and they're kicking it out for brooklyn on wednesday :-/"
b'up at ten and got nothing to do since you finished homework? no problem, i made another oc haruki is here now'
b'up before the birds today. i am so excited to go to the convention today and see marina sirtis. can not wait to'
b'update : he left early and now everything is super boring'
b"update he's yelling penis really loud in class"
b'update. i love my bed. but i can not wait for next week in phoenix.'
b'update : i am still depressed, heartbroken & hurt in real life. *sighs* i do not where my life is going but i think i am lost in this life. pensive face'
b'update ksp : fire intentionally set at home where 4 bodies were found... the latest'
b"update on my most recent tweet : i failed my physics test but what's new"
b'update : parisian nightclub owners detail plans to resume business : " nothing, nobody will prevent paris from dancing "'
b'up feeling good this morning. getting this oil change before work at 1030'
b'up, laying in the dark with nothing to do! expressionless face'
b'upliftaero provides a good example of something to'
b'up like always for no reason.'
b'upon failure of their tv, the only suggestion by is a full reset?'
b'upset is an understatement'
b'urban is a good ass coach but ohio state fans will not hesitate to roast him after a loss. are you a true fan?'
b'he glances down at her finger planted against his chest, lips contorting into a subtle frown. i feel slightly better knowing +'
b'not if you die first. * turns into red demon bill and grabs your neck* i am immortal. so sad for you.'
b". ur kids it's a free download i'ma post it soon it's called one 'pac tupac red 'pac blue 'pac here's a sneak peak"
b'ur name literally have " angel " in it, which is completely accurate to what you r! ur so freaking pretty like how'
b'ur right though, i am definitely crazy and for sure pathetic, i would have to be seeing as i loved you for so long.'
b'ur so dumb but cute so ily face with tears of joy'
b'\xe2\x9b\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f ur so freaking pretty like can i b you'
b'i am immortal so ur good!'
b'ur too freaking pretty face with tears of joy like oml'
b"you said it's too late to make it but is it too late to try?"
b'congrats superman we are still in awe you had us on pins & needles. you are 1 hell of an athlete glad you are in our lifetime'
b'is the fastest most entertaining, fun guy i have ever watched race'
b'wish you well, unless you are racing canadians, lol, best of luck'
b'you are amazing. i have lost sleep to see you get the triple triple and it was so worth it. love watching you run sparkling heart'
b'close friendship with convicted child molester jeff epstein, who trump defended with these creepy words'
b'im beginning to feel like i need to vomit every time i see or hear trump. what a poor excuse for leadership'
b"it's good that he was tried as an adult, but releasing him so soon will be sending the wrong message."
b'- only if that decision is not based on any of the investigation findings!'
b'" welcome into the kingdom prepared for you since the beginning of time, for i was being preyed upon and you protected me. " - jesus'
b'would not you be afraid of getting a disease'
b'n should make a remix to'
b'using religious beliefs to justify hate towards a group of people is wrong and sick'
b'using the power of community to help get the word out'
b'us trip invite a big win for hun sen, especially coming in the middle of crackdown season.'
b"usually i'd just drive myself... but church is 30 minutes away and gas is still a thing loudly crying face"
b'-see all the icky things. no awkward " hi where are you from " or weird smalltalk. you\'re loved, easy.'
b'uv to recreate darr act if srk in tei blood love letters for t & callng her name'
b'uwe reinhardt : no consensus on ideal physician-population ratio in us. same story in canada/qc?'
b'thank you very much! they are always lovely, i also want to draw their casual everyday behavior \xef\xbc\xbeo \xef\xbc\xbe'
b': be lucky 1 work hard 2 be positive 3 be generous 4 share credit 5 trust yourself 6 stay teachable 7 show gratitude 8 be kind'
b'i think you need to charge your phone.'
b'so do you sparkle in the sunlight being a " vampire " and all? _'
b'are you going to be the director of the next deadpool? if so, i can not wait!'
b'do you ever come back to visit your hometown? if you do you should come to my school!!!'
b'lmfao, the thing is probably spandex and probably rides up his ass when he wears it, fucking chaffing sucks eh ryan?'
b'lol i actually like this one... and it reminds me of something i had forgotten about.. nuva rings..'
b'what do you think of when you look at this picture'
b'what exactly is going on here?! good god sir.'
b'when i say " pathetic -twitter -user " you say " i will fake my own death and marry you ". pathetic -twitter -user!'
b'wow i ment i wish i had a tv in my room neutral face dyslexic ahhh'
b'police : victims restrained inside house ; fire intentionally set'
b'venus is playing so badly'
b"verge : all of the best (and worst ) cars on the floor at this year's la auto show"
b'veronica has been dragged, kicked, beaten & arrested by uofc police for fighting for black life'
b'little bit of alcohol brings ppl together'
b'very good example of christian terrorists!'
b'very happy to start my last year of college smile'
b'very impressed with ordered my mum a gift set came wrapped & with a personal card at no extra cost, speedy delivery &a voucher'
b'very low entries in this giveaway! hop over and check it out!'
b'very proud of peel parents for the way they have stood up to the scandalous sex/ed teaching in'
b'very true. was expecting more attacking flair but went defensive in midfield. need to see the 2014 free flowing football back'
b'worse than not trying at all thats why i try not to get too mad at people going mad negative cause they at least count for something'
b'now we have songs speeding up at random? good job.'
b"okay smile i dont know if i can catch up with your speed cuz it's the first time i try to sub ^^ so there's nothing to do now?"
b'via i am so blessed daily us veterans are returning to iraq to fight isis on their own. they really need prayers.'
b'via lolfactorynet i love math \xe2\x9e\xa8 funny tumblr \xe2\x9e\xa8 facebook \xe2\x9e\xa8 twitter \xe2\x9e\xa8 pinterest [via...'
b"via'mustang ' takes on women's rights in fairy tale form"
b'via the d3 forums : the crab reference made me lol.'
b'via youtube i laughed so hard face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so get ready for royalty free tunes'
b'viciadissimo em secret love song'
b'something is very wrong with you. you need delcos. i just ate delcos. go get some delcos.'
b'yes. they do not get it that he did a smart thing as a business man and we love that.'
b"had me and my sister crying ahahah she's hilarious face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'i actually love the saying buzzing like a old fridge \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x92\x81'
b"it's always packed, no-one will know if you've been before or not winking face"
b"i understand if someone gets upset or comes to me about it but just yelling at me & being mean like?that's gonna get you no where"
b'stuff love scaring people, just do not be an egg in the kitchen and you will be fine!'
b'omg. i am excited about this, but also really intimidated by the whole concept of ombre eyebrows. i can barely do one color!'
b'on me \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. i lost the damn game trying not to mess up my nails lol'
b'victory nissan of dickson is out!'
b'video : cute australian kid fights through hiccups to perform national anthem'
b'video games will cause gamers to rape but referring to people as worse than isis and terrorists will not have any negative effect " -agg types'
b"watch kahani wow i think it's your best film"
b'view snapchat stories at this hour : everything is food neutral face unamused face'
b'bitch you need to hurry up and come back home so you can meet my beau!'
b'vilmos zsigmond, asc shooting with the 8k digital motion picture camera via cc :'
b'lol yeah i think i do! text me tomorrow tho cause i am not home and well been drinking... you got my number?'
b"you the reason my pizza cold lol i couldn't get up to get another slice i am shocked still"
b'violence. i guess only white americans reserve the right to protest'
b'" no i really do not " he laughed softly'
b"viral : belfast sisters sing takeaway order dressed as frozen's elsa and anna : dressed up as anna and elsa from"
b'you are a legend.. india will not be able to find a replacement in the coming century..!'
b'are good! they got my house phone working for 24hrs!?'
b'are very observant and watchful of subtle things most people over look.'
b'keep their emotions under control, and their actions are ruled by their exceptional common sense.'
b'so you know its real.'
b'visit fred for whimsical, amusing and interesting sketches - and lots of them!'
b'visit south africa... fucking hot down here'
b'visit to learn about weed mgmt & costs of herbicide resistance.'
b'im looking forward for their live interview about that white dress. baka map amin na ang dalawa face throwing a kiss'
b'continues winning streak on " music bank " with " chained up "'
b'i miss you too! track was always too great with you'
b'also i hear good things about gift of fear.'
b". thanks for getting back to me it's much appreciated."
b'volunteered to be shocked by students learning physics'
b"vote for ian somerhalder favorite sci -fi/fantasy tv actor people's choice awards 2016"
b'fuck all you that are not tweeting this smile'
b'vp biden was a pretty cute kid! wish him a happy birthday and sign his card :'
b'vs me thinking about having 14 hours to learn and study 4 chapters of bio before my exam tomorrow morning'
b'the rule has been the same for years and now bcz some yahoo comments about length everyone is butt hurt'
b'10 more sigh :(( add maths is on tuesday :(( do you have any tips heh'
b"vw will fast become a toxic brand 'villain ' if the emissions scandal costs owners money"
b'waffles or pancake. why or? can they make a subtle combination of both please. tired of having to decide.'
b"waheeeey, ian's took his hat off and had a haircut. woo, round of applause for ian beale.."
b"waited 43 minutes of captain phillips for this pirate to say 'i am the captain now ', do not need to watch the rest, good film imo"
b'wait for the drop.'
b'waiting at the dot... what fun!'
b'waiting at the shuttle stop to go work out and this lady blows a huge puff of smoke right in front of me good'
b"waiting for dylan's lunch time to eat so i can just eat with him. im so hungry weary face"
b"waiting for food to cook when you're already quite hungry..."
b'waiting for love'
b'waiting for the butt hurt conservatives to scream " radical muslims " in my comments so i can scream back " kkk " hatching chick'
b'waiting for the day when tattoos are free.'
b'waiting for the new episode of bubblegum like --- loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face this drama is so good! okay time to shower then react to some videos!'
b'waiting for things that may never happen is to much of a risk.'
b'waiting is linked to depression. time spent waiting for something that may never happen can be mentally painful.'
b'waiting on class to start, thinking how this is going to be one hell of a semester?'
b"waiting on something that's never gonna happen disappointed face weary face"
b"wait my 3 hour class was 20 minutes long... first i've experienced, ever."
b'wait what is this you? i love it! hk libraries could use an injection of fun like this winking face'
b"wait what? it's a cat now? what is happening?"
b'wake up & channel your inner golden tiger... as seen here during tuskegee homecoming. turnt is an understatement.'
b'wake up real americans obama the enemy who created isis intentionally taking win in iraq set it middle east on fire.'
b'wake up - school - work - sleep - repeat'
b'wake up w no voice bcs this fcking sore throat bcm worst. btw, morning'
b'waking up and falling back to sleep just to think about you is perfect \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f i love you.'
b'waking up at 3am and not falling back to sleep till 5am cause of cramps.'
b'waking up at 3am and then at 5am because of a bad dream and not falling back asleep until 7 and waking back up at 8 makes me one tired gal.'
b"waking up at 5:30am and realizing it's saturday morning! hands down,"
b'waking up at 5:30 to pick up my drunk dad who ran out of gas trying to drive home... should have called before driving bruh'
b'waking up at 6pm talking, cuddling, laughing, falling back asleep and waking back up to the day. i love fall saturday mornings.'
b'waking up bright and early on your day off work! \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1'
b'waking up from this nightmare, hows your life, whats it like there? is it all that you want it to be, does it hurt when you think about me?'
b'waking up in such a good/happy mood is the best. smile'
b'waking up in the middle of the night and having trouble falling back asleep is starting to get so old.'
b'waking up next to my best friend every day is awesome relieved face'
b'waking up thirsting for a productive day is such a great feeling.'
b'waking up to a new song oh my face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'waking up to the smell of freshly baking bread +the final result start to the day'
b'waking up with a sore throat is the worst'
b'waking up with these two early in the morning be like smiling face with heart shaped eyes love you smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'wale wants to put an end on the butt implant craze :'
b'walked around the garden today and found some sweet treasures, so yummy!'
b'walkers_crisps best news of my entire life! wow time to consume as much as i can! \xea\xb3\xa0\xeb\xa7\x99\xec\x8a\xb5\xeb\x8b\x88\xeb\x8b\xa4 ~'
b'walking around the bronx in heeled booties was not one of my best ideas'
b"walking in the rain without an umbrella isn't as bad as i thought it would be"
b'walking into a tree when your walking on your own is so not awkward'
b"walking on boylston st. just now, sans jacket shocked lady : aren't you cold?! ky : i am from western new york, this is like spring break."
b'walking to class across campus, in the rain, with no umbrella, is just how i wanted my day to be...'
b'walking to my car after work i hear a student yelling, " bye ms. d \'herde! " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'walkin round dulenm mill and amusing myself highly by smacking my mums ass with a fly squatter hahahaha'
b'walk up in this bitch like we own this ho'
b"waller stable said they'll talk to connections about whether they still want sell junoob following his stunning victory"
b'thanks for following along this holiday season!'
b'walmart i do fuckin love you!'
b'wanna go to wayne game tomorrow night'
b'wanna know how i know your gay? because when the truth got out about you it got you hot. oops my bad yall know dam well idgaf'
b'i am sitting on my bed, talking to you smiling face with heart shaped eyes and i am watching svu. what are you up to my love?'
b'wanting my new car like now'
b'wanting someone that could really careless about you'
b'want something affordable, nippy and easy to run? this swift sport in mega sports trim comes with lovely recaros'
b'want these lovely decals? get them in the new issue of official playstation magazine :'
b'want to become a member of bva? then head to stand h50 & find out more from our lovely membership team'
b"want to come over and compare crazy? i'll be glad to show you my special pit, and lotion transport system."
b'want to eat your way to feeling fantastic this summer? have you covered :'
b'want to move out so bad, do not even care, applying for social housing the day i turn 16.. fed up with families shitty rules'
b'want to save money on your next jerky run? check out the all things jerky coupons at'
b'wao channel and walmart on the same level for the first time what a day'
b'warhill opens set three on 6 -1 run. hidden valley uses quick to. i am no prophet, but it feels like the lions are going to sweep this.'
b'warhill takes first set vs. hidden valley 25 -15.'
b'warhill wins 3a state volleyball championship'
b'warhill wins second straight 3a girls volleyball title'
b'war is never the answer. unless the question is " what\'s never the answer? "'
b'warm mentiont for the great who always has something interesting, intelligent and/ or amusing to tweet'
b'glad to see someone speak about " love ". quite an impressive first movie'
b'warriors got another game tomorrow night in denver, if they win 3 games in 3 nights that would be impressive'
b'was a bit committed to a real life situation with grant hs football shooting death. thanks for the nice warm note'
b'was about to follow this handsome gentleman but his pinned tweet is a video of him singing and his voice is beautiful.'
b'was a cinderella story on tonight? everyone seems to be distracted by a drought...?'
b'was a very boring night tho'
b'was flipping through my notebook and 20 dollars fell out... i should do my home work more often'
b'washed our sheets and comforter yesterday, slept like a baby last night'
b'was helping my nephew sound out big words and my mother was like " you should be a teacher " ha, i hate kids'
b"fuck off with your fading print. do not bother tweeting your shit if it's behind a paywall."
b'her campaign is in free fall, trump is rising in polls each hour.'
b'hillary all elected democrats voting and supporting her. trump has about 1/2 the republicans only voting for him'
b'hillery will just claim she can not remember. bill taught her well.'
b'if this is the best the usa have to offer, good night america. do not you realise that even merkel is more able than those?'
b'i have an idea to deter rape, let us make a law if a man is convicted of rape/molesting a child, they have to be castrated.'
b'i have tolerance for all cultures,this is to trump because he is a fake! he is only using these people to look tolerant.'
b"i live in texas and that's not what the majority is saying at all. washington post is a propaganda machine."
b'the kaaba was built by ibrahim and his son ismail peace on them in mekkah in what is called saudi arabia'
b'i was not a pitch for the black vote. it was a pitch to white suburban women. he does not want the black vote. okay?'
b'liars you all are i am hispanic not offended move on from you'
b'no one has seen my son in over 9 months!! pouting face the united nations is monitoring my case and watching'
b"if trump says he's healthy and can not get a straight report to that effect, it's not a leap to assume he's lying."
b'pls tell again why people climb up there? so many die.'
b'samantha bee is getting way more press than she deserves'
b'the only real question is do they arrest her or not. she obviously committed a crime'
b'we all need to wake up. black white brown purple do not matter.. dose it matter what color the flood victims r. wake the fuck you'
b'we are 21 republicans who think hrc is healthy enough to be president & there are many more you do not care to count.'
b"we need to stop hiding under the table it's time to draw lines and dare that any third grade country cross will pay"
b'why? does it matter? he can shoot someone on main street and no one would care'
b"was hoping for a better day but that shit ain't happenin ' is it"
b'was hoping to watch mortal kombat, but the tape is old, it looks like frosty shit on the tv screen'
b'was invited to some sort of mixer with that cult my friend joined... asked if i could wear yoga pants & was declined so no. not going.'
b"was just thinking i should spare my sanity and get some sleep before work. wish i'd have closed the match a bit sooner. sigh."
b'was literally just thinking about and his birthday then he goes and tweets about it sparkles'
b"wasn't expecting to see at smiling too!"
b"wasn't feeling good this morning but still pushed out this afternoon to support bro project. back on tues!"
b'was so close to unfollowing for putting on that nasty shit on my tl face with tears of joy'
b'was so wonderful visiting with holy chapel today. i love my holy chapel family.'
b"\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb6\xf0\x9f\x8d\xa3: wassup bro. i hope you got your class under control. i'll help if need if they keep doing sneak stuff. face with tears of joy"
b'was supposed to start my assignment at 12:30pm its now 3:47pm & i still havent started'
b'wasting so much money for this shower omg loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'watch all of our coverage of the in one place. keep up with that hurricane too.'
b'watch: dublin bus staff take interesting approach to staying busy during strike'
b"watch h &m's new holiday advert featuring katy perry's new song every day is a holiday here :"
b"watching - an amazing talent. she's as good live as she is on her singles & just keeps getting better"
b'watching should be in bed as a have a work 2:30am start but who needs sleep when you have that voice welcome back.'
b'watching a documentary on islam, miss nash should totally be loving me right now'
b'watching a photo of one baby.. one woman without appointment visited with her baby.. she was my patient with dm.'
b'watching beyond scared straight lol funny ass hell'
b'watching christian watch inglorious bastards is more interesting and amusing than watching the movie'
b'watching cinderella starring & this movie changed my life! sparkles'
b'watching devon dance is painful'
b'watching ds9 while i was too young to appreciate it was a blessing. now i am 24 and have 5 seasons of new tng era star trek to watch! smile'
b'watching how people interact with each other is probably the most interesting and amusing thing to me'
b'watching interesting bidding on the net. so amusing i must say.'
b'watching justin tonight makes me that much more excited to see him in concert and meet him ahhh loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"watching loni love america's sister bc she's hilarious"
b'watching lord of the rings at the bar. you wish your life was this cool.'
b'watching miss eau claire tonight made me super excited for the pageant. crown'
b'watching pretty woman on this beautiful sunday.'
b'watching some collage football... those chickfilet ads on tv terrible. at least beef industry keeps it classy'
b'watching someone with new lip injections drink out of a bottle of water is probably more fun for me than it should be.'
b'watching the cuddleys'
b'watching the mercury prize past winners show, most of it plops out of the speakers like a new born baby calf does'
b'watching the new john mulaney special & " a smooth and fantastic hillbilly " is the best description of bill clinton i\'ve ever fucking heard face with tears of joy'
b'watching thirteen ghosts got me missing matthew lillard hard face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'watching this warrior game been playing all day lol'
b'watching valkyrie drive with a female friend, with miraculously no awkward moments. just full of " woahs " and high fives.'
b'watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow'
b"watching you the other week i could say gritty. you've always been renowned in modern times for slick free flowing football"
b'watchin how to get away with murder & its been revealed that this weeks episode brings the 2 timelines together i just let out a yelp of joy'
b"watchin ' my mom happy likes a child is the best feeling as a daughter (with retno ) [pic ] \xe2\x80\x94"
b'watch me whip ; watch me pie-pie! love serving our students and staff alongside our great food service staff!'
b'watch movie til i fall asleep or finish homework? sleeping face'
b'watch my full season highlight tape! rt it'
b'watch my run right now with live'
b'watch not anal, please'
b'watch out everybody the padres are on a 8 game winning streak'
b'watch out for clothing at'
b'watch the 100m race won by usain bolt at the olympics yesterday night : watch the 100m final race at the olymp'
b'and i are having a great time in psychology'
b'watch || the " most exciting 25 seconds of " what a day in the valley... what a time to be a tiger! tiger'
b'watch the video : the oiled ass of lisa anal sluts at xcamheaven'
b'watch this stunning luo rapper with his brand new song flossing and rhyme delivery is epic!'
b'watch now for election roundtable on'
b'watch : women had their bffs cut their hair and it did not turn out so great'
b"i gotta shower now ;;;; please leave me stories and just keep tweeting i've missed you so much"
b'watering the grass as its raining. smart!'
b'watford 1 manchester united 2: five things we learnt -'
b'watford vs manchester united : live'
b"i actually do not have a life, i go to work and school and that's it lol \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e"
b"yeah yeah i guess you're right that still was fucked up yall prejudged dude & did not even know how good he was lol"
b'hi wayne can you retweet please and help bradley get the treatment he needs thanks'
b'hun where was that in france when i paid thousands of pounds to watch you?'
b'i am a liverpool fan so this is hard to say but chin up you are a top class player! things will come good again! &gt;'
b"why couldn't you and the rest of england team do as well as team gb are doing in rio? why did you let your country down?"
b'clapping! i hate that sound with a passion?'
b'leave my door open a crack when it was clearly fully closed before you got there.'
b'people who make noises when they eat'
b'way too many up in hurr.'
b'i am actually really happy that you, and god hate me. you have made my day'
b"hi would you be able to answer some q's by email about gluten free for a magazine feature i am writing? thank you!"
b'i settled for cute but not kid - i am too tall to be one. heh. runs my hand through your hair. oh, but i do not like disturbing -'
b"oh i agree. military spending takes up a massive amount of money, and needs to be restricted. not what's being discussed though."
b'we 1 a game last week & we won last night thats 2 in a row. if we win one next week thats called a winning streak. it has happened b4'
b'we 3 for the review. read it here : then come for brunch!'
b'we aint : on god mfs know i aint built for shit like that.'
b'we all have a nerdy family member or friend that would appreciate this card by'
b'we all have that one person who we wished we never gave our phone number to...'
b"we all have to remember it's a blessing we've made it this far. yes we all want better, but let's appreciate how far we've come"
b'we all know 1d is last so ill just shower eat cure cancer and solve world hunger in the meantime'
b'we all know a jealous bitch called jessica'
b'we all need something in our lives that motivates us and pushes us for success'
b'we all should be and give our best for every and anything we are doing'
b'we all want our parents to be proud of our accomplishments'
b'we always try to give our best for your beauty needs. it will not be happened without your supports. love, revlon.'
b'we are absolutely heartbroken to be writing this but wilmer and i are devastated to inform you that we lost (cont )'
b'we are absolutely loving on with she is an absolute joy to listen, watch and hear, we are loving her vintage style'
b'we are a family! we stick together forever! love you all! best fans on the planet'
b'). we are a great team'
b'we are also judged by how well we keep our own house, deal with friends. how we deal with enemies is distant last.'
b'we are extremely happy and delighted to announce that we have made first 100 posts of'
b'we are focused on equal pay for every employee.'
b'we are going to keep investing in the facilities and the physicians and the staff to make sure our veterans get the care you need " \xe2\x80\x94@potus'
b'we are heartbroken to learn our french comic partner lost a team member during the recent attacks.'
b'we are here to change the world \xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91one song can bring back so many memories.'
b'we are hiring tooooooo!'
b'we are in a contest of ideas against an ideology of hate \xe2\x80\x94and we have to win. " \xe2\x80\x94hillary'
b'we are looking forward to a great weekend of hockey!'
b'we are loving the winter metallic look, take a peak at our latest blog post all about getting the midas touch!'
b'we are meant to enjoy our material possessions, but never to allow our joy of life to be determined by them.'
b"we are playing a game called 'whoever removes the price tag off the fire guard is a weirdo! '"
b'we are playing brilliant! they chose the right match to play their best football!'
b'we are really looking forward to british explorer visiting on friday & even have an explorer-themed dress up day planned!'
b"we are really looking forward to u9 rugby and hockey matches v bishops stortford and st john's this evening. hopefully the weather holds!"
b'we are so proud of all the amazing work nurses do every day for parents, women and babies'
b'we are the best of 2morrow by god gress i likes who dos. no love me an i iven like dos are love me, follow me an here good news 4rm me babys'
b'we are the champions grinning face what a day for porsche team manthey, porsche and'
b'wear human hair braid wigs, their great for protective hair styles.'
b"wearing a beer t-shirt to a dwi hearing is 1 way to show you're capable of being subtle in a bold yet stupid way"
b'wearing a shirt that says lowes... i am asked if i work for stop and shop... why yes... yes i do'
b"weather feels good out, nothing to do soooooo i guess i'll call it a night"
b'weatherman : " yupp, it\'s gonna be rainy and sad all day. but hey, on the " bright " side, it\'s going to be 65 degrees! that\'s summer weather! "'
b"webcast | 40 % of ee's considering leaving ; learn workforce strategies to sync ees ' current & future expectations :"
b'we b doin us dnt giv a fuck bout wut you doin money mouth face'
b'we both give our best shot but then gave up'
b"web personalization - why it will make or break your business ' success"
b'we can get a picture next time hopefully! glad you had a good night \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"we can not wait for our 80's themed date party tonight! we're looking forward to see how our sisters and their dates dress up."
b"we can not wait for you to hear our new album 'wake up '. who's excited?"
b"we can not wait to see everyone at fall convention tomorrow! it's going to be a blast!"
b'sparkles we did it! congrats on the two year winning streak \xf0\x9f\x90\xa5\xf0\x9f\x91\x91 sparkles'
b"we'd like to thank this guy, for taking the time this past week to give us a peak into his"
b"we'd love to snuggle up in this big comfy bed right now... how about you?"
b'wednesday needs to come faster'
b'we do not speak of 6th-8th grade it never happened'
b'we do not fuck with police broski'
b'we do not have that much in common, sometimes it feels so awkward. then i took a shower. i asked her why she did not join me. she said you'
b'we dont wanna set up for the kill \xf0\x9f\x90\xb0\xf0\x9f\x8e\xbc\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'nba threads are a bunch of nerds posturing to look cool. also morning view is a massive goon.'
b'week 11 picks : can vikings keep winning streak going vs. packers?'
b'follow & rt us to win these lipsticks & voucher! closes tomorrow \xe2\x99\xa5\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'weekend should be great smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'weeping angels christmas tree toppers. lovely, if you never want to turn your back on your tree again'
b'weep with me brethren for today my xb1 has lost all of fallout 4 data... \xe2\x80\x94 feeling heartbroken'
b'we found love at city lights in the night, and blurred faces of passers-by on long bus rides.'
b'we found the best and worst internet hacks for up-cycling your wine bottles into awesome candles.'
b"we get to hear emily deschanel's beautiful singing voice again"
b'we give our best on stage every night! and for 1 person to start a rumour! just messes it all up'
b'we gonna attempt to sleep'
b'we gonna do work this summer tho and you gonna come back next year with a bang tbh.'
b'we got to hear the heartbeat today, omg it was amazing! active little thing! fast heartbeat and everything is okay smile ahh so excited!'
b'we grind and shine as one'
b"we had a great time kicking off this thanksgiving break by putting on a basketball camp at zuri's circle's feed"
b'we had a great time'
b'we had a great time serving up thanksgiving goodies at taste of bethel yesterday'
b'we had a great turn out last night to celebrate thanksgiving'
b'we had an amazing day in switzerland on the thank you to all of our swiss bambinos! xxx'
b'we had an amazing weekend with huge crowds for our show saturday night, cirque sc at usc, and then a super fun'
b'we had a successful roundtable held at keep an eye out for our recap video'
b'we had no idea the " special " sushi was a monster sushi.'
b'we have 9 and a half years to wait for martin! :-/ but yes, we have saga :-d'
b"we have an eater and an ipad player and we're stuck here for the foreseeable. is full of life's pleasures."
b"we have cute little arguments and then end them with 'i love you's ' and 'good nights '\xf0\x9f\x92\x99"
b'we have hockey looking forward to it. we need wins.'
b"\xf0\x9f\xa4\x91: we have fun times you're chill asf and you're such a good friend"
b'we have had such a fantastic day today. lo was 3! we had a big party with friends and family. feeling very blessed today smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"we have no shame when we're hungry the grove"
b"we have so many selves. that's attractive *"
b'we have some awesome ideas for stocking stuffers from our favorite brands including : yeti and'
b'we have the blocks & want all the rest of the on this lovely list. and its eco-friendly too!'
b'we hope you are as happy as this little one that today is another beautiful day in paradise! happy friday'
b"i need to come ovr there then, if y'all do something let me know"
b'omg alisha is so pretty and i love her videos on her channel'
b'we interrupt your usual schedule to bring you a very small pig descending a set of stairs.'
b'weird bc my cat is actually pregnant'
b'weird mentality for a guy who got a ton of money to give the team just about nothing & was then granted a buyout.'
b'4 subjects until temporary freedom normally i hate mondays, but since add maths is on tuesday... kau faham2 la tu face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'weird weird is ok creepy weird is not'
b'we just had a phone conversation with the best lawyers of this region... it is happening!'
b"we just have to trust god's perfect timing."
b'we just saw our science teacher come out of the screen we were in i hate my life'
b"we just tried to bleach joes ball hair but apparently it's too stubborn and will not turn blonde"
b"we kept clean sheet against real madrid at bernabeu, that's awesome"
b'we knew it was coming, the more they attack, the more we know hes our man. trump2016'
b"we know it's going to happen every year but we're still shocked when it gets cold face with tears of joy United Kingdom"
b"we know that blood, sweat, and tears go into every song you make. that's why we give our best to every beat we produce."
b'welcome new followers! thank you for the love & support you give our favorite actor'
b'welcome short hair smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes bye my long hair face with tears of joy [pic ] \xe2\x80\x94'
b'welcome to ceo roundtable, attendees are introducing themselves and its been coordinated by our compare'
b'welcome to climate change. currently in vic but bloody hot down here. confused face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"welcome to kizbeat360_entertainment : 'nobody is ugly, they are just broke. ' lol"
b'welcome to kizbeat360_entertainment : photo of the day!'
b'welcome to kizbeat360_entertainment : photos : body of syrian child washes up on turkey s'
b'welcome to the bright side of life'
b'we live in a world where loosing your phone is more dramatic than loosing your virginity emoji modifier fitzpatrick type 6'
b'well 40 hrs logged this past week on the new job. almost got the tired feet and ankles under control (gel'
b'well all my life this music saved me i can not afford no therapy my frustration it needs release, [... ] playing punk keeps me sane'
b"well apparently celine dion's gonna be there so now i am the most excited to meet her."
b"we'll be back monday from 9am to answer your queries. for emergency repairs/housing situations, call 01438 314963. have a nice evening."
b'well and i had a chinese takeaway for tea tonight. it was lush!'
b'well done and well said " to suggest otherwise is an insult to their professionalism " and to their humanity'
b'well done (y ) \xe2\x80\x94 feeling fantastic'
b'well done juniors fab classes tonight. looking forward to seeing some of you at the dress rebearsal on sunday x x x'
b'well done liverpool, you will now be playin thursday games in ukraine etc on channel 5 and be tired for the prem'
b'well done to students for a great 1st dress of the wizard of oz today! sterling work all round, looking forward to tomorrow'
b'well do not you seem friendly'
b'well fuck i did not do my home work'
b'well goodbye happy mood. it was nice whilst you were here.'
b"well here's something you do not see everyday, gotta love for this pretty cool deal on tissue"
b"well i guess it's time for bed since there's nothing else to do.."
b'well i guess plans tonight is canceled lol'
b'well i just failed my physics test'
b"well i like shit like that face with tears of joy but niggas ain't built like me loudly crying face"
b'well i love things that taste sweet lol face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x91\x85'
b"well... im back my normal mood after seein this face with tears of joy she's my happy power pill kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes"
b'well, i am getting better than yesterday.'
b"well i am glad there's no calories in my water... i was worried!."
b'well, i am immortal - see full image at'
b'well i am not doing anything but sleeping tonight. i hate being sick. persevering face'
b'well.. i am wheezing, can not lay down without having a coughing attack and my whole body is covered in hives.'
b"well it's official. can not wait to hear some great speakers at the convention in nashville."
b'well, i\'ve built my own little dungheap and here i sit flinging the shit about. " - charles bukowski'
b'well look who can not be subtle face with tears of joy'
b'well, maybe not. some women & kids were thrown off the boats.'
b'well my dog peed in my bed this morning so we are off to a great start to the day!'
b"well my phone wont work i think my wifi is being dumb cause thats probs why my tv was acting up also. soo goodnight lovely's \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'well now... this about sums it up!'
b'well on the bright side, my room smells like an end of summer harvest \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8d\x80'
b'well orientation sure is going great'
b'well shit. i was hoping for a shutout. oh well, lets score another boys!'
b'well swung at a spider and i do not know where it went so it now owns the deed to my room i hope he enjoys his new home.'
b'well, thank god for the many men and women who have invested in me.'
b"well. that's a good way to end this great day."
b'well... that science thing was so much fun today ha'
b'well, that\'s no fun. i\'ll get some crayons and make my own dollars. "'
b'well, that sucks. do not mind the field goal call, gotta make that block. played like a freaking boss!'
b'well that was a big confidence booster! smile'
b'well that was a nice conversation'
b'well the 2nd amendment they are for infringing on the first amendment with the farness doctrine they only'
b'well the lady that trimmed my hair did an awesome job. callback -231 -7015'
b'well there are apps that can delete personal info and even send you location of the person using/ send you their'
b'well there goes my happy mood'
b"well this has been interesting day so far and it's still the morning. can not wait to see what more this day will bring."
b'well this is fun'
b'well, this is good news : you dont have to say no to bacon'
b'well this is not so good.'
b'well this was a great start to my day.'
b'well, today has started of to a wonderful start.'
b'well you drive, you could fetch them and they can cough up the gas money " dude it\'s not that easy, most of my friends are cheapskates'
b"well you have a sweat bike, and your really good at hooking up with chicks, plus you're the only guy in school with a moustache"
b"well you'll never guess what my mum made for tea tonight"
b'well your new relationship is really quite a shock to me'
b"we lost this match bc of our shitty ass gk & the fact that we couldn't keep possession"
b'we love it when people pop in for check ups. we love seeing our work heal. smile stunning!'
b'we love psych!'
b'we love seeing what for you, keep sharing & you could win a festive treat'
b'we love you showtime family!'
b'welp guys i have officially been turned into a fan of and even just followed him on twitter so you know its real'
b'welp, i failed the physics part.'
b"welp i just failed a physics test but i still have my confidence and that's a win in my book"
b'do not blame the cream cheese on me... it was butt. the pita chips on the other hand? a1'
b'we may call him " vp ", we all know him as " hero ". happy birthday hero biden.'
b'we might not be friends no more but ion talk shit ab you'
b'wendsday can not come any faster automobile'
b"wendy's is always packed unamused face"
b'we need free flowing football. transition from 3rd quarter to 4th quarter must be improved on. up super eagles.'
b"we need to be investing in children's futures. sign the petition to the government now"
b'we need to invest in this if we want it to succeed. no one second guesses investing in stem education.'
b'we need to start investing in the prevention side of healthcare " surgeon general on healthy foods and programs like gap!'
b'wen my days at work are slow or i am having a shitty day this little girl always makes it better! daddies boota'
b'we now have in stock the norman hyde center stand for the scrambler!'
b'went behind my school and adventured with friends, found an abandoned house thing and a stream it was so pretty smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'went from a great morning to having a day from absolute hell'
b'went from " can i get a hug " to " i can steal ya man, but he ain\'t shit. "'
b'went riding on the bike last night it was so much fun i want my own'
b'went to bar and realized that other guys are really intimidated by me. i bump into them and they apologize to me'
b'went to bed 3... alarm went off rn... wtf is wrong with me weary face'
b'went to my first con meeting in ages, it was really positive and i got to meet a lot of new people. =3 = very excited for the crabmas prty'
b"went to sainsburys bought jack daniels because it's ion sale then went home, successful day"
b"went to see last night and loved it. yes it was dark but the ending was just right and i wasn't annoyed with her decision"
b'went to the beach today! the water was so warm!'
b"went to the comic store to play. but couldn't leave without more reading material."
b'wen ur in the public eye you really need to watch wat you say an do. lool'
b"wen you bored n jus wan go outside n walk around cud i do not wan sit in da house, but kno it ain't shit outside to do."
b'we offer food & drinks which means you can enjoy our delicious offerings while on the go'
b"we're all looking forward to our 1st training at futsal arena. a 1st for the college 8 -9pm tuesday."
b"we're always trying to impress those we do not like. just stop and do what makes you happy relieved face"
b"we're asking students how they unwind & keep motivated as studying ramps up. what do you do?"
b'were beyond amazing tonight!'
b'we recommend speaking to a local store manager so they can tell you when the items will be in stock. you can also request it.'
b"we're half way through our campaign & 66 % funded. thank you to everyone who's invested! let's keep it going"
b"we're having a great time at the on who else is here fans?"
b"we're heading to las vegas! we can not wait for our 2016 convention! get all the details at"
b'we\'re here because of riding. riding brings us together. " inside the mind of a rider'
b"we're hiring a new kiosk supervisor! think you have what it takes? then apply! deadline is september 7th, at noon!"
b"we're hosting our event out on the plaza. visit our booth to show your gratitude!"
b"we're investing to ensure high-quality is located where families need it most - in their communities."
b"we're just drinking washing flows lol"
b"we're just swimming round in our glasses and talking out of our asses"
b"we're live via as well so tune in via the app"
b"we're looking forward to dressing the gorgeous models tomorrow night for the charity fashion show! 7pm, see you all there!"
b"we're looking forward to reading your comments on the of next week"
b"we're loving our good friend new music video for"
b"we're not born winners, we're not born losers.. we are born choosers."
b"we're not born winners, we're not born losers. we're born choosers."
b"we're friends"
b"we're not the only mod toying with custom campaigns or unexpected sides in the conflict. if you're more of a"
b"we're playing false 9 tonight"
b"we're playing up at 7 west in trenton il. come on out and have some fun with us!"
b"we're pretty far behind, but we have until 15th of december to catch up, just keep tweeting everyone one direction"
b"we're pretty happy to see in red and black : and he's pretty excited to get started."
b"we're recording a podcast today. send us : thoughts comments concerns complaints questions love letters other stuff and we'll answer 'em all!"
b"we're sharing 11 benefits of on the stand inbalance equine assisted learning page this month - visit &"
b"we're state champs \xf0\x9f\x8f\x88\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d and i am glad these goobers got to come see it happen!"
b"we're talking this week on plenty stresses me out, but this just helped me de-stress!"
b"we're told not to wear rapey cllothes. not to drink too much. this whole, omg, stay in! fuck off it's not the norm for women. it's life."
b'welcome to ridgeland. where we have numerous lockdowns, bathrooms full of smoke, and the student body is a cess pool of shame.'
b'we set records and had a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman.'
b'we should all have a dream. a dream of peace and acceptance, love and understanding. family and humanity.'
b'we should be closer together, warm oceans, better weather instead of us playing games forever, she says whatever'
b'we stay strong for eachother through these tuff times'
b'west brom 2 -1 arsenal : premier league \xe2\x80\x93 as it happened'
b'west coast feast brings stars together'
b'love to hear it. can not wait for new history of westeros!'
b'westfield full of children now'
b"if we was to get caroll. do you think he'll be accepted due to the way his swerved us holding out for newc?"
b'west ham with carlton cole and carroll up front. going to be some free flowing football this season then'
b'we still give our best smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'this pic almost made me shit myself loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'we swear were legit bailed on the sweet tho saved ya a spot at the bottom if you want, devon'
b'we taking it to the southside tonight the palace'
b'we talk about the benefits of smoke free housing in this weeks newsletter'
b'we talk a lot but we do not ever say shit'
b'wetherspoons packed this morning must be raking it in'
b'we the winners, natural born sinners'
b"... we've been talking to a mike from the ijora bu and what we sense is that they want us to bribe them. help us!"
b"we've embraced a culture where they can run tough when they're not having great days."
b"we've had a brilliant tonight! looking forward to the company section hockey competition on friday now!"
b'we want to extend our gratitude to who advertises with dynamc magazine! visit to do the same!'
b'we want you! (if you are awesome ). social media marketer position info :'
b'we watched tv there a bit, then wandered the neighborhood, going house to house to watch more tv & talk about it with friends & parents.'
b'we were just kidding. we were never in an argument, it was all fake! love my best friend! sorry for the scare!'
b'we were successful in stopping the sale of this book! i am very proud to have been a part of it! this man should have no benefits in life!'
b'we will be giving away 10 solo dms with niall or liam! follow us and give us a shout out! one direction'
b'we will have full highlights of the game tomorrow night at 6pm on the xfinity sports report - comcast ch. 900.'
b"we will miss you summer - but thanks for the great weather! apollo rockin ' it out in the peace plaza."
b'we within civil society need to make sure that women\'s rights are never an afterthought " -'
b'we would hate dj khaled as a teacher face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy (vine by )'
b'we would make the best neighbors, you and i.'
b'whaen your moms a total bitch'
b'our class was great though'
b'what 3 months of heavy lifting and cc did to my butt! (f/25/sw :136lbs, cw :121lbs )'
b'what a beautiful boy. thanx for the continued thoughts & prayers. we appreciate greatly'
b'what a beautiful day at happy friday, everyone!'
b'what a beautiful day to go back the fuck to sleep'
b'what a beautiful english summer time evening'
b"what a beautiful summer's day in england.."
b'what a creepy conversation \xf0\x9f\x98\x85!'
b'what action will you take against those who hurt niti so much that she went away \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1?'
b'what a day'
b'what a day 16 hours working on a new music video for you guys'
b'what a day, at the for wedding and beating 4 -1 not happy'
b'what a day'
b'what a day! clear eyes and a full heart for the week ahead.'
b'what a day for crosby'
b'what a day for crosby "... i fucken benched him like 2 minutes before the game started. my choices in life are horrible.'
b'what a day for cyrus jones!'
b"what a day for cyrus jones. he breaks up a csu pitch, catches it and returns it to the buccaneers ' 6 -yard line."
b'what a day for denny hamlin'
b'what a day for iowa sports! the 2 teams that really matter, had huge wins! remains undefeated and my uni boys in purple won!'
b'what a day for mason crosby! x 5'
b'what a day for our defense'
b'what a day for those rookies. wow.'
b'what a day for t rawls'
b'what a day for tyler renew. from selling peanuts to celebrating on the logo'
b'what a day for ya mason crosby!'
b'what a day! have not slept but i am glad i did not bro'
b'what a day i am crawling back into my bed and taking my butt to sleep.'
b'what a day mr rawls... what a day'
b'what a day! nothing happened and i was tired'
b'what a day of football. chelsea finally win a match. smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes arsenal and city lose. the madrid lost was expected. never know by so much tho'
b'what a day of football mufc win arsenal lost man shitty losing 3 -1 to liverfool'
b'what a day that has been! out at 9 and just got back! so worth it though!'
b'what a day that will be when our jesus we shall see! come quickly lord jesus!'
b'what a day to be a grizzly'
b'what a day to kill my mom and kill my dad and blow dis up'
b'what a day. what a day.'
b"what a fantastic night & morning! great start to the weekend. now it's time to grab lunch & get this day rolling."
b'what a game, what a day! hold onto this lead now boys!'
b"what a great day at texas ' wynne unit, where floyd was able to visit with his loved one and see his aunt (right )"
b'what a great day wow like genuinely actually happy rn now'
b"what a great experience watching live speaking about how 'people ' are the real 'brand '. just wow!"
b'what a great fucking day'
b'what a great morning'
b'what a great night'
b'what a great start to my day... got rear ended'
b'what a great start to the day the reds were brilliant mad result 4 -1 at city things are looking up with kloppy ynwa'
b'what a great time this was chipmunk'
b'what a great way to release any frustration! i need to go shooting shit up more often! i think i am going to go out with " him " tonight.'
b'what a great way to start the school year, though!'
b'what a great way to start the weekend \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f. i love mentoring/serving a lot, this is just icing. much gratitude.'
b'what a hard day of school... ha'
b'what a lovely dream.'
b"what a lovely gesture! here's your good feeling for the day - -"
b'what a nice day playing in the swimming pool with next week its on again!'
b"what a nice sunny day we're having. we're hard at work starting to drywall the whole inside of the house. cant wait to show. 502 -299 -7950"
b"what an incredible annual convention we've had. can not belive it's nearly over but can not wait for the next one"
b'what an inspiration, all excited to meet lujendra ojha, may be will crack some jokes in too. hey, you'
b'what apple did not tell us at the iphone 7 launch'
b"what a range of beer! maybe i'll order this and travel with my tastebuds!"
b'what a justin bieber.. where you at?'
b'what are some ways that you release black question mark ornament please share some of your thoughts \xf3\xbe\xae\x9a'
b'what a roller coaster of a night. being 20 is pretty okay so far. i love my friends'
b'what a sensation'
b'what a shit day. get me to the gym so i can release some of this anger and frustration.'
b'what a shit start to the day, fuck off rude customers pouting face'
b'what a shitty ass day'
b'what a skunk, but still ruled by old joe. " letters reveal steamy affair jfk began weeks before marrying jackie "'
b'what a warm welcome home smile'
b'what a win for the 104 -101 over youngstown state - great start to their 3 day, 3 game stretch at alico arena.'
b'what better gift to than to give them the tools to raise they can be proud of. read rt please'
b'what can be more arrogant than thinking that the same god who did not stop the holocaust will help you pass your driving test?- ricky gervais'
b'what can i say, i was a cute kid. fish'
b"what compels people to give play by plays on tv shows on social media? that's just dumb."
b'what did we learn? person bowing deeply'
b'what does a successful meeting with venture capitalists look like?'
b'what does it mean when nightmares dream of peace? when shadows wish for light? " (irial | ink exchange )'
b'what do gay people eat? food.'
b'what do they put in these baby soaps and shampoos coz freshly bathed babies smell amazing'
b'what do you love the smell of? \xe2\x80\x94 freshly cut grass and cologne'
b'what do you mean?'
b'what dumb bitch made this? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"what'd you think about the ability to buy businesses for example the cinema but you can make money from it online (like offline )"
b'what elon musk, bill gates and other highly successful people do on the weekends'
b'whatever i am drinking got me lit lol'
b'what goes on in my mind is contagious.'
b"what happened to people doing shit cuz they enjoy it? now everyone's just in it for the money smh"
b"what has happened round the world tonight is awful, thoughts are with everyone's families. stay safe everyone x"
b"what? hogan's big leg drop wasn't one of the 50 greatest moves in wwe history?"
b'what if i told you i just farted and it smells like shit'
b'what if the cans were that big?'
b'what ignorant people! we do not love him enough? are you kidding me! massachusetts needs someone with a heart!'
b'what information you need for your future?,'
b'what i say isnt really difficult if cold rain worries your lover you want take an umbrella certnaly so it answers there has only to be love.'
b'what is going on, one quick nap shitty is losing 3 -1, madrid is still shit, and the gunners lost? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat good nap'
b'what is happening? this is not right aimee'
b'what is it like to play for barcelona at real madrid? let xavi explain... exclusive :'
b'what is the craziest thing a fan has done to you? \xe2\x80\x94 grab my butt'
b'what is the true test of character?'
b'what is this? bash jeremy bevans at work day? yeah? oh okay! must be awesome to be the guy everyone hates!'
b'what is this? massive jam at cte towards town and i see two ambulances!'
b'what kinda of bullshit is this. my boy got me fucked up right about now.'
b'what kinda shit is this loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'what kind of commitment would it take of me to rub my butt on a wooden picnic table seat in order to form a le'
b'what long bus rides to harber consist of face with tears of joy'
b'what makes a negative review on any worse than a negative post on any other social media site.'
b'what manners you have your parents must be proud.'
b'what men can learn from women about saving for retirement -'
b"what ms dhu's death tell us about our broken justice system"
b'what my sister sent me that made my day face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy this is so hilarious!'
b"what rp said makes sense. drag history and trans history are very much entangled. idk if i agree w him, but i see where he's coming from."
b"what's a sneak diss to a person who do not give a fuck?"
b"what's for tea tonight"
b'what sgt hale told me really made my day. hearing that made me feel accomplished so far with my company'
b"what's happened to the america i once knew. this should never happen here."
b'what should i eat for dinner? i mean newton has so many great choices'
b"what's in my hospital bag? on"
b"what's more beautiful than jimin's abs? his personality his eyesmile & laugh his voice his dancing skills and his love for bangtan & army"
b"what's nice about kendra friendship he ask her opinion and what she think in the ga story aw i cant wait for san & kev pic together smile"
b"what's on that phone tmz can not even do a good job, if you're gonna film them do it a lil closer so we see better"
b"what's the key to business success in"
b"what's the point of being alive if you do not at least try to do something remarkable?"
b"what's the temp like up in park city it's so hot down here it's like a whomping 32 degrees"
b"what's the value of local support for women's rights? explore in new research!"
b"what's the worst thing that has ever happened at your gathering?"
b'what story are you telling yourself about yourself?'
b"what's up fam! your boy feeling really sick today so no upload, but i got ya'll with 2 videos tomorrow! 3"
b"what's your fav holiday dish that you're looking forward to?"
b'what\'s your favourite position in bed? " - laying close to the power plug so i can charge my phone'
b'whatta crazy ass last night! end of summer is gonna go out with a bang!?'
b'what the actual...? government employees should have to pass an iq test.'
b'what the americans failed to achieve militarily in syria they now try to achieve in political negotiations and diplomacy.'
b'hahahaha face with tears of joy far from it but i love you lil sis \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f thanks for being real! face throwing a kiss'
b'what the fuck?! i can not wait to play tonight!'
b'what the fuck i hate this class dude'
b'what the fuck my dad is playing mark my words'
b'what the fuck rose man i know you get hurt easy but fuck man.. they on a winning streak'
b"what the hell is wrong with me today. in the absolute worst mood... and it's the weekend so i should be happy"
b'what the most successful people do before breakfast : a short guide to making over your mornings --... : \xef\xbf\xa5349 (78 %off )'
b'what the? testing testing 1 2 3 testing testing'
b'what time does the jc close?'
b'what to do? help please'
b'what to do todaaaaay?... school work'
b'what we do to the forests of this world is a mere reflection of what we do to ourselves and one another'
b'what what another weekly recap! watch this one over and over b/c one will not come out next week b/c of thanksgiving'
b'what wrong with you... funny lol ha'
b'what you need to know before investing in an inground swimming pool'
b'engga jadi kan! smile abis aku on lewat hp jadi ngga bisa edit prof smile'
b'wheezes i love you both i hope yall have ugly (cute ) ass babies and live together and squeals name ur kid bob pls'
b"when 50 + ppl come to ur house and use the wifi so you're 3g ends up being faster than your wifi"
b'when a bitch blocks you on snapchat for no good reason'
b'when a bitch steady hatin juss to hate its time to switch shit up.. you mad cause i am doing good..? \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when a girl says " you should have just told the truth " what she meant was " you should learn to lie better if you gonna lie "'
b"when a hoe swear she ain't stun you but the hoe always making it her business to first48 & fbi watch your shit weary face"
b'when a is in a relationship and love with you, you will never feel unloved or uncared for in your entire life.'
b'when an edit snowballs out of control grinning face with smiling eyes (vine by )'
b'when a nigga do a drive by and run out of gas at the end of the block. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when an unsaved number text you and there is no conversation'
b"when are people going to realise that gay isn't an insult"
b'when a woman compliments a man without any reason there is always a reason.'
b'when is coming home and you can not contain your excitement japanese dolls'
b'when bae is being clingy'
b'when bestfriend hits you up for sneaker advice'
b"when bing rolls over when he's sleeping and pulls me close to him always makes my heart flutter. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"when buttler gets his eye in & hits form... then he's an absolute joy to watch"
b'when is your new homescreen : dont worry fam i hav more apps its a stupid android expressionless face'
b'when centralia has not won a league game in over 4 years for football. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy -chehalis " -'
b'when dennis prager sings " the happy hour " you know it must be friday! dennis gets friday afternoon started with'
b"when did popping pills become so cute. starting to see mad females bragging about it like that's attractive"
b'when did you get home'
b'whene its cold out side stick togather its better in group just like life be closer to your family & freinds. \xe2\x80\x94 feeling loved'
b'when ellie writes me love letters'
b'whenever my brother hears the rabbit bit in my house he starts yelling at me " seriously 2pm again you unloyal "'
b'when every new song is better than the last one...'
b'whenever you meet someone with your same interests of course you are allowed to get excited'
b'when fb bring back memories weary face loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'when girls go wild, they show their tits. when women go wild, they kill men and drown their kids in a tub. -- comedian, louis c. k'
b'when guys go after your sister/friends first and then you.. or vice versa.. that shit is hilarious to me like get it together bud'
b'when guys say " my pussy " instead of " my girlfriend "'
b'when he hug you and can grab you up with one hand'
b'when her butt is just an epic win : photos'
b'when he says text me when you lose the attitude you know he loves ya!'
b"when his new bitch ain't a barbie loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'when hotsauce calls me pissed!'
b'when i come in at 5am i do not expect to me doing my duties on top of closing shifts duties...'
b'when i do not feel good i can not cranky and bitchy'
b'when i find a new song that i like i play it on repeat allllllllll day'
b'when i found you, it was all pitter-patter'
b'when i get a boyfriend, trust me i am back to being mia'
b"when i get home at the weekend, i'll post pics!"
b'when i get home from school the first thing i look for is food.'
b'when i get home today can i watch bap on asc'
b'when i get jealous my eyebrow twitches'
b'when i get mad at someone, i am silent... because if i speak my mind, shits gonna get real.'
b"when i get my guitar, the first time i am doing is learning how to play foolin ' by def leppard"
b'when i get really mad my eye/eyebrow twitches a little bit and its so annoying'
b'when i grow up i am going to have a house full of children and cats'
b'when i have a crap load of homework, subhan allah everyone talks to me, when i have nothing, the only friend i have is my cat'
b'when i inevitably get asked college, career, or boyfriend questions at thanksgiving'
b'when i inspire my friends & others to hunt & i can not stop thinking about it smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when i lived in hollywood a very successful black designer asked me in the rudest way possible to do the unthinkable. after meeting my girl'
b'when i am bored ill smoke a zip of loud n 2days max.! shame shame. on who face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when i am eating something i love, it feels like my life is finally coming together ha lol'
b'when i am going through something i hate when people take my silence as attitude or anger.'
b'when i am having a bad day, i pick up my'
b'when i am stressed i lose mad weight like over night & i do not need that'
b"when i am tryin to include my cat in my pictures but he's just like"
b'when i rap, i overflow. and my swag is on overload.'
b'when i really wana sleep n ppl wana chat?'
b'when is a relationship not a life lesson?'
b'when i say i do not care... i honestly do not care \xe2\x9d\x97\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when i say something original that someone finds interesting or amusing and they say " what is that from " i fucking die forever.'
b'when i see calum smile i cant help but smile his smile is so contagious i love him'
b'when i see the hashtag this is the only photo that comes to mind sleepy face rip me'
b'when i see wes catch me dropping dead so i dont have to say hi'
b'when is ncat and nccu playing cuz i been seeing tweets about it for what feels like months. just play already man'
b"when i stop responding, it means you aren't worth anymore of my time. it does not mean you win."
b'when i talk, i try to keep it hundred points symbol wit anybody! at the end of the, it was just a lie. hundred points symbol'
b'when it comes to this sweet babe knows all the moves :'
b"when it's sunny and hot ma fi ahla minne, i am full of life. as soon as winter hits i feel like i need to hibernate."
b"when it's time, i'll greet death as an old friend. it's not that i am afraid to die ; it's that i am afraid i'll forget to live."
b'when i wake up i need a solid half hour of laying in bed before i actually get up'
b'when i walk outside & westbound is just sitting there waiting. weary face'
b'when i was 16, i always imagine loosing my virginity in diff ways to suho'
b'when i was a boy, we did not bail countries out. we took their land.'
b'when i was a child, i sure did waste a lot of time practicing my autograph.'
b'when i was a kid, i hated to going to bed. now i cherish every hour of sleep.'
b'when i was a kid in the 6th grade i played little league football. we won the championship that year. i remember'
b'when i was a kid, i used to close the refrigerator slowly to see the light turns off.'
b'when i was growing up, my neighbour used to come home drunk. she would lock her kids in the house with no food & go drinking'
b'when. i was little i was attracted to the idea of half assing life bc im lazy'
b"when i was younger, i couldn't wait to be older. this shit was not what i expected."
b'when i was younger i thought the cool thing was to have tons of friends & be social... now i do not give a shit about how many friends i have'
b"when jae's 2nd album comes out, lets all give our best to support it."
b"when is not only my girlfriend but is also my alarm clock. thank you for waking me up for class when my alarm didn't. i love you face throwing a kiss"
b'when kids love school and want to come, they are more intrinsically motivated and effort increases.'
b'when kodyak spazzes around the fish tank n wakes alfonso then alfonso swims after him like his tryin 2 calm him down/ wonderin wtf is wrong face with tears of joy'
b"when last i looked, mops shouldn't draw blood"
b'when is finally tired of trying, they will just leave, no fight, no argument and sometimes not even a goodbye.'
b"when life gives you every reason to be negative, think of all the reasons to be positive. there's always someone who has it worse."
b"when liverpool play this free flowing football they're unstoppable and it's brilliant to watch"
b"when lorraine from next door is talkin to ya mum and asks her what she's doin for tea tonight"
b'when love and trust are gone i guess this is moving on everyone i do right does me wrong so every lonely night, i sing this song'
b'when ma mum comes home she checks herself in at " costa deal carntyne " fuck sake man :)))'
b'when mum comes home from work with a costa for me, aw'
b"when my boyfriend talks about the importance of women's rights."
b"when my girlfriend gets angry, she starts talking in thai and it's so cute"
b"when my mom curses it's so funny lol because of her accent"
b"*when my name's in a math problem, class stares at me* me : that's right bitches. i bought 60 watermelons."
b'when my sister sees me & how i am dressed she goes to her room & changes into ripped jean a grey shirt unamused face'
b'when my sunday shifts get picked up. i love to lay in bed and sleep dude.'
b'when once again you get blamed for shit you didnt do amazing this is becoming a daily routine now what a time to be alive'
b"when one just isn't enough... long nights with at the but i love this job!"
b"when one of the boys ring me early to tell me they're gonna start drinking at noon today face with tears of joy face with tears of joy uhhh thanks for the info bro lol"
b'when one of your favorite d3 pundits is calling for linfield to be a " disappointment " in the playoffs.'
b'when others come first and you come ladt uh uh booboo thats shit aint going slide. foh bitch'
b"when people come round & your mum makes you make them coffee & they're like a little milky with 2 an a half sugars, erm is this costa face with tears of joy neutral face"
b'when people only come around when they need something... nope sorry now i am busy.'
b'when people say i drink too much. face with tears of joy'
b'when people talk shit and subtweet about you'
b'when ppl try so hard to be subtle yet they end up being obv af lel'
b"when professors are generous enough to give you extra credit but it's the one class you do not need extra credit... loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"when rain starts to pour down and you have no umbrella i have a sliver of hope that you'll not go back home thornapple - gills"
b"when she dishes up two plates and pretending the other one isn't herz 0_o.. blacks around food!.. lol"
b'when showing off w/o a coat all weekend goes wrong \xf0\x9f\x98\x91. i knew they were gonna send me home.'
b'when some bitch wants to try and talk shit about you'
b'when someone is so cute disappointed but relieved face but their conversation skills are so boring you would rather put your hand in the door & knock it atleast 20 times unamused face'
b'when someone loves you a much as you love them smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when someone says bechole is not real and im tired of yelling at them like'
b'when someone tries to hurt your feelings but you do not have any'
b'when songs like this get in a happy mood'
b"when'stay safe ' becomes the new 'goodbye ' you know shits not right"
b"when's the last time you told you love it? check out this cool idea to write love letters to your city :"
b'when thanksgiving dinner starts vs when politics come into conversation'
b'when the assignment you havent started gets its due date moved back :, -)'
b"when the beauty's are looking fucking fab and you are a lucky shit"
b'when the bible says " watch and pray " it does not mean " watch and criticize, " " watch and gossip " or " watch and judge. "'
b'when the boys had an orgy at digi nyc aww'
b'when the coach changes the pitcher when they see your kid is up to bat'
b'when the dj remembers his girlfriend and the drop is coming!'
b'when the driver starts yelling on the phone in chinese'
b'when the food\'s so good you " accidentally " bite your thumb as well'
b'when the grass is greener on the other side...'
b'when the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there. " - cecil selig'
b'when the group chat starts roasting someone and you start laughing so they start roasting you.'
b'when the heat is on in your house and your buried under your blanket...'
b"when the house is silent and the only sound you hear is the soft pitter patter of rain, you know you're gonna sleep well"
b'when the love of your life is holding you in his arms and you feel like you are the only two people in the world'
b'when the new spanish teacher gives a shitload of homework on the first day but you left your textbook in your locker smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when the only charger you got is the one in your car cause you can not find your sisters smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes so my ass has to sit in my car to charge my phone!'
b'when the pastor calls for virgins in church and mum is looking at you. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when the rare time comes around when i do not have school or work and tori does i just be chillin waitin on her to get off'
b"when there's no doubt anymore smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'when the teacher gives you a book to read over break but you hate reading'
b'when the " y\'all so cute " bitch asks about your relationship'
b'when they say the nhs sucks but forget their benefits will not get very far paying for private healthcare'
b"when they start reminding you what's theirs, you know shit just got real."
b'when they tell you come thru and you already washed your make up off and in bed smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when timmy and nick sixty-nined'
b'when you charge your phone and the battery still goes down'
b'when you crazy asf but he still want you face savouring delicious food'
b'when you drink too much and fuck up every good thing that ever happened to you'
b'when you get home from a really stressful day and ur trying not to be negative'
b'when you get home from a shit closing shift and dinner is a fuck off giant serving of potatoes and chickn wings bless you mama moore'
b'when you get in a debate about women\'s rights and all the guys comeback is " whatever you stupid bitch women shouldn\'t have a say in anything "'
b'when you go to school and the teacher you hate has a sub'
b'when you had a bery sad day at work so you stand in the shower for 30 years'
b'when you have the best neighbors'
b'when you have to write an email to a teacher you hate'
b'when you just do not feel like the love shit just wanna be left alone'
b"when you just tell someone about h &l's matching tattoos and theyre like 'wtf they are married '"
b'when you listen to classic pop while taking notes over romantic era music'
b'when started smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes best show ever'
b'when ur 8 yrs old around christmas time & you put all ur gifts on at once & make ur parents take a pic bc ur proud af'
b'when ur excited to get home after a midterm but then you remember you have an assignment due at 12 that you havent started'
b'when ur friend is a dumb and did not charge their phone n tries to use ur charger but ur... (vine by )'
b'when ur oddly attracted to someone but you have no idea why'
b"when ur parents tell you they're proud of you for the first time"
b'when us floridans says its cold then its people like no its not you do not what cold is well nigga its forever hot down here so shut up!'
b"when you think yr reyt happy n ur life is perfect n then you realise it's not n ur relationship is absolutely fucked cos ppl dunt feel same way"
b'when you thought you look all cool n laid back but apparently not ::-d'
b'when you use the last of the hidden valley the original ranch face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when you wanna tweet some petty shit but you do not want no one in your business \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87'
b'when we have our own room, i always go to suho or tao\'s room to slep. it\'s not fun to sleep alone. " - baekhyun (exo 1st box )'
b"when we're sleeping and goes under!"
b"when we talk it's just clicks and the conversation is never boring smirking face"
b'when will i be able to make my parents proud of my achievement pensive face'
b"when will seventeen braid jeonghan's hair"
b"when will we hear chanukah song4? you pulled it from youtube 4 infringing, so sell it-we'll buy"
b'when women go wild they kill you and drown your kids'
b'when ya do not have school the rest of the week'
b"when y'all been fuckin for months and he still asks for gas money every time you need a ride home."
b'when you about to see your bestfriend in a few hours smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you absolutely do not give a fuck about your job. more than half the cheese is literally outside the burger.'
b'when you accidentally blurt out " i love you " and he just laughs it off knowing that it is just habit instead of freaking out like a bitch'
b"when you accidentally delete a video you've been working on... grrrrrrrrrr"
b'when you and your bestfriend video chat during class face with tears of joy loudly crying face i love her omfg face with tears of joy'
b'video camera when you answer correctly in front of your friend.. smirking face w/ no chill t'
b'when you are doing something you love, you do not need motivation.'
b'when you ask someone to vote for one direction and " no thank you " is his/her answer.. unamused face salamat ha, nakatulong ka! one direction'
b'when you become so invested in a show that you wish your life could turn out just like that. thank you for everything'
b'when you & bitch stop bein cool they become friends w/ bitches they claim they did not even like.. lol it happens all the time.'
b'when you both show up at the chapel or church and just thank the lord because he/she is beside you, the person you love. heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b"when you bought a bunch of groceries earlier and remember there's a fridge full of food"
b'when you break up with your girlfriend and forget her and her bestfriend crazy'
b'when you can eat everything you want and still not get fat bc you have a goddamn fast metabolism lol \xf0\x9f\x8d\x94\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x8d\x97\xf0\x9f\x8d\x9f\xf0\x9f\x8d\xb0\xf0\x9f\x90\xb7'
b"when you can only hit skype ips but you make a'twitter ' scaring kids hahah"
b'when you care for people that could careless about you is the best'
b"when you come home and there's no food \xf0\x9f\x98\xbf\xf0\x9f\x98\xbf"
b'when you come home from a long day at work and do not smell no food cooking smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"when you come home from a long day of school but yo house ain't got no food"
b'when you come home from practice to no food. rt if you can relate.'
b'when you come home from school and and no food. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"when you come home from working out and there's no food expressionless face"
b"when you come home to a empty house and there's no food, you just do not know what to do with life grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'when you come home to no food in the house but your mom brings pizza \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'when you do not give a fuck smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when you do not have a life so you sit in a towel 2 hrs after you shower'
b'when you do not have nothing to do but make some daquaris and eat some steak and chicken queso dip'
b'when you do something that only you find funny so you can not tell anyone about it cause they will not get it. i need a clone of me.'
b'when you drink too much and let the girls give you a face mask'
b'when you drive to columbus just for food'
b'when you experience personal joy. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"when you finally get all your friends together but there's nothing to do"
b'when you finish a roast session but then you suddenly think up a list of good comebacks.'
b'when you finish a test early because you did not know shit'
b'when you get a 100 on one physics test but know you straight failed the other smiling face with open mouth'
b'when you get a better grade on a test that you did not study for as opposed to the one you did study for. pass both so i am happy!'
b'when you get back at 3. 30am freezing, get into bed to your boiling boyfriend who you just cuddle for warmth!'
b'when you get hip to some shit you were better off not knowing open hands sign'
b'when you get home after a long day'
b"when you get home from the movies and you realize there's nothing to do \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab"
b'when you get home, try pressing the button on the until desired coffee size then let go - this will set your cup size smile'
b'when you get to sleep in tomorrow without having an alarm waking you up weary face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you give him the opportunity to say some cute shit but he says something dumb'
b'when you gonna stop playing " season'
b"when you got a good girl she's good"
b'when you got nothing to do on saturday worry'
b'when you go to church in the morning and then go to class smelling your shirt for incense!'
b'when you guess on every question on a math test and pass with a good grade'
b'when you guess somethings going on and you end up being right and it gets back to you so you\'re like, " i knew i wasn\'t crazy " white up pointing index'
b'when you hang up on a man yelling at you on the phone at work so he calls back from a new number in order to continue yelling worry'
b"when you hate the class you're in so you sit in the bathroom like this and contemplate all your life decisions"
b"when you have a fridge full food but ain't craving noting that's in it"
b'when you have an assignment due in tmrw that you havent started but you have to vote 5 seconds of summer rip'
b'when you have a stupid android and it does not have the poop emoji. wtf!'
b'when you have been in a patients room six thousands times before someone tells you that they have something contagious. lol ok then.'
b'when you have college apps and homework to finish but you just sit in your bed and stare at the wall instead smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you have nothing to do but to scroll down... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when you have the best bestfriend in the world \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when you have to do chores when you get home from school loudly crying face sleeping face'
b'when you have to make a " hot take " but it\'s too cold for anyone to be shocked.'
b'when you hold back in watching ur fav tv show bc you know ur favorite character leaves the show and ur not ready for that disappointment yet'
b'when you hungry waiting for lunch time so you can do damage rockaway mall'
b'when you in a room full of people you dont fuck with'
b'when you just wake up on a good day and already people being shitty gets you down smile'
b'when you jv but get accepted into the varsity locker room face with tears of joy'
b'when you know that your smile is the reason he smiles..'
b'when you learn & grow from one another \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when you leave your phone at your bestfriend for a while the vamps'
b'when you leave your phone in the office to charge, this is what they do face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'when you literally been thinking about bae all day'
b"when you'll always be pressing phone neutral face"
b'when you mad at him & he text you some cute shit and you trying not to smile weary face weary face weary face smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"when you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship. joseph campbell."
b'when you mind your own business, life is way less stressful.'
b'when you miss your bestfriend but he being petty'
b'when you need ideas about real estate investing fast, read this -'
b"when you need to go to the bathroom at school, but you're not going because the girls bathroom is always packed during breaks weary face"
b'when you open the fridge and its full of food smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when you operating at 10x levels people will feel threatened by your work ethic. let them. haters will promote you to the next level.'
b'when you owe your bestfriend big time ;thanking god she loves my boyfriend too smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"when you pass a test that was od hard. face with stuck out tongue and it's an a."
b'when you pass a test you think you failed'
b"when you playing a video game n you be losing then all of a sudden you think d controller ain't working"
b'when you poppin and have nothing better to do'
b'when you pretty af but a bitch got you fucked up'
b'when you put on sweatpants after eating too much sticky toffee pudding at'
b"when your 6 '4 bae has to drive your car home cus you were tooooo turnt & you get in your car and can not reach the gas pedal face without mouth"
b'when your bestfriend always txts you on her breaks to catch up on the smallest things'
b'when your bestfriend annoying you so much in class face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'when your bestfriend brings you dinner before a game so you surprise her with popcorn in class smiling face with smiling eyes love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss'
b'when your bestfriend dad calls you at work face with tears of joy loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when your bestfriend is a thot but you act surprised.'
b'when your bestfriend is not going to class so you either'
b'when your bestfriend know you irked and she get on twitter to see your tweets face with tears of joy'
b'when your best friends decide your fate " when we are 30 i can see haley either being a nun or driving a van full of children "'
b'when your bf & his friends talking bout sports & you decide to add your input but they roast you for not knowing shit'
b'when your boyfriend gives you the most gorgeous promise ring and you just about die'
b"when you're about to charge ya phone and it dies"
b'when you realise that was just maths. big brother, add maths is on his way.'
b'when you realize how dumb you were for a person who could careless about you'
b'when you realize you should do some work so you do not leave it all to the last day'
b'when you really miss someone but all you can do is hug your pillow and cry.'
b"when you're feeling good, but end up babysitting hate ppl that can not handle their liquor"
b"when you're having a bad day, just look at this tweet okay"
b"when you're home for a week and wake up with the worst sore throat ever"
b"when you're not there cus you do not care."
b"when you're on the bus and your toe is itching soooo badly and you have sneakers on. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"when you're shocked it's winter cold outside then remember oh yeah it's almost december"
b"when you're still hungry after a work lunch... \xf0\x9f\x8d\x95time"
b"when you're stressed/ depressed/ pressured & tired (to the nth level ) talk to your bestfriend loudly crying face face throwing a kiss"
b"when you're such a good friend \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"when you're supposed to have a super fun night but that one person shows up."
b"when you're the captain & coach force you to tell your bestfriend he did not make the team. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xe2\x80\xa2tag your bestfriend \xe2\x80\xa2"
b"when you're totally comfortable around each other, no pressure to act a certain way, no awkward moments"
b'when your ex wears a pikachu costume so you know its real 3'
b'when your father ate your mother food she had packed for work and she mad as shit yelling now'
b'when your friend drop some heat and you right there to catch all the bandwagon hoes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when your friend gets you to go out because she knows calling you boring is almost a dare face with tears of joy have not been out in so long!'
b'when your girlfriend gets angry, tell her to'
b'when your hair is long enough to be tied up grinning face with smiling eyes happy sunday everyone ~'
b'when your house is always packed because my grandma lives here'
b'when your last rpr friend blocks you off of everything with no good reason smile'
b'when your laying in the dark playing your music'
b'when your mom taps you and you have to exaggerate (vine by omg af )'
b"when your mood goes from happy to sad, most of the time its because you're missing someone."
b"when your mood randomly goes from happy to sad, it's often an indication that you're missing someone."
b'when your mum treats you to a study break at costa white smiling face heavy black heart'
b'when you roll over in a stretch and crack your back smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when your parents call you, and take forever to tell you what they need you to do.'
b'when your parents will not let you get a for no good reason smh'
b'when your phone will not charge smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when your professor feels generous and gives out extra credit smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when your prof overhears your conversation and chimes in " that\'s a good argument for the devil not being real. " i love liberal arts school.'
b'when your sheets are freshly washed n they smell like heavennnn 33333'
b'when your stupid android phone unfollows everyone on your twitter'
b'when your term marks are high enough that you do not even have to show up to the final'
b'when you scream like a girl... face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes loudly crying face'
b'when you see all these tuff ass jackets that you want bae to have so his ass can put some clothes on and stop getting sick'
b'when you see the bestfriend of someone who dislikes you & they try to take a snap of you... let me pose for you real quick.'
b'when you see the girl that you curved in junior high school on fb or ig and know that you do not have a chance in hell. weary face'
b'when you see your boys girl cheating on him but you do not care cah you told him she a hoe. he did not listen'
b'when you sleep on your freshly washed sheets that smell bomb!'
b'when you so stressed you decide you do not need a boyfriend, you need a side hoe face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when you spent all day cooking for him & he say " who made this shit? "'
b'when you stand outside tube station in the freezing cold because of a complete lack of ability to accommodate passengers'
b'when you start hanging out with and the dime dropping is contagious'
b'when you start reciting beyonce lyrics thru texting.. so you know its real smirking face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when you surround yourself with negativity you become negative. things could always be worse... trust me.'
b'when you text him " i love you. " and he respond " lol wyd "'
b"when you thank your tight end because he's beating projections when you're the underdog. i am far too invested whilst being in last place."
b'when you tryna play bball but you can not make the shot for captains'
b"when you try to braid your hair and all your layers decide that's a bad idea \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"when you try to do something nice for someone and they're yelling at you the whole time...?"
b'when you try to look cool in front of your crush'
b'when you understand accoutring smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"when you've been laying in the dark for 2 hours and this white screen comes on, ruins your life and burns your eyes"
b"when you waiting on something to come in the mail, but it's taking forever. i need it before thanksgiving."
b'when you wake up and realize that your phone wasnt charging the whole time...'
b'when you wake up to a sweet message smiling face with smiling eyes swear it made my whole day'
b'when you wake up with your hands covered in hives'
b"when you want to cuddle with babe but she's 25 hours away in another country."
b"when you want to go out for a day w/ your husband but can not because it's bloody freezing and there's nothing to do here."
b"when you want to say something really sarcastic on someone's post zipper mouth face"
b'when you want your freshly cleaned clothes to smell like sweat straight out of the dryer'
b"... when you wash your hair and by the end of the night it's greesy..."
b'when you what short and long hair at the same time!'
b'when you work at the movies for as long as i have, you start to smell freshly made popcorn every where you go smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat weary face loudly crying face'
b"when you yelling & being serious but it's turning her on"
b'where and when do you get your best ideas? \xe2\x80\x94 tumblr hehe'
b'where are your prayers for kenya? fake ass world sleepy face'
b'where do you get your best ideas? \xe2\x80\x94 in my office room'
b'where do you get your protein from? honestly! yes we all hate to get this q'
b'where i go to school we do not have football. so our homecoming is a bit late. well i asked my crush out like this'
b'i had that same feeling a month ago'
b'where i am from i am glad i seen all the years that i did'
b'my friend sounds so good no bro pls face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'where is the love? " on last night, discussing how we move past prejudice to unity & love'
b'where my best ideas come from'
b'where my hip hop swag fans in kumasi at? who stands tall at make sure you have your tickets!'
b'where my upper lip tho...? " -question i ask myself daily bc i am white as fuck...'
b'like " yeah man im really sarcastic no1 gets my humor "... nah ur just not funny wtf lolol'
b"where's my body when i came home from hospital omg i want it back :(("
b"where's my cat!?"
b'where the hell is my mail!'
b'team all night shift hot beverage love you! \xe2\x99\xa1 haha. ps : send us coffee please, i mean coffee for our fingers. lol'
b'which butt do you prefer? \xf0\x9f\x8d\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x89'
b"which do you prefer? retweet for liam's long hair quote for liam's buzz cut one direction"
b'which, if it wasn\'t for the disposal nature\'d have seemed reasonable, but ele\'s " rain check " umbrella for future use at seemed overpriced'
b'which is very true everyone that i know is so in love with her and are super excited to meet her specially anthony and me'
b'while i agree that paris and its shows should remain alive, i can not say that this is my kind of show.'
b'while i finish math homework'
b'while i am living here i am going to learn to kiteboard.'
b'while i was making my cake i became the best pinterest mom'
b'while i was working for that... yeah! " : - " my hands almost got cut up today.. " "'
b'while not the best thing in life, 50kph tail winds are pretty awesome!'
b'while you were stalking my twitter and putting tweets i can not see i was having sex with you ex'
b"white boy dancing is usually a turn off but it's my love so it's still hot"
b'america is losing its spirituality and therefore losing the generation to evil and not good. god have mercy on america the great'
b'companies will be infected with cancer sorry hiv=cancer is a plesure died of cancer'
b'dear whitehouse i ask that you intervene in the scheduling of kratom as schedule one drug'
b'like man that no one can do shit to that just like here 14 places through history you can see my work i time travel the movie'
b'love that our oceans are finally getting acknowledged as a valuable resource. it is heartbreaking to see the damage done.'
b'and also you would be giving jobs to people that need them! we are 20 t dollars in deb!t but you knew that did not you?'
b"but you have to pass it to see what's in it, amirite? moron, shut the fuck up."
b'my problem is how many islamic terrorists are you letting in with the good ones? we can not afford to vet these people!'
b'you are lying shit. you know you are lying and still out out your bullshit.'
b'wanna make my life better? all in this corrupt admin need to walk out of the white house and keep on walking.'
b'you dishonored us when you failed your message of change, choosing to side with the corporations over the people.'
b'white milk in cup on brown wooden stock photo, picture and royalty free image. image 36306262.'
b'white people do dumb shit in tv shows'
b'apparently this guy was too scared to walk but not scared enough to drop his drink'
b'my mom went to starbucks without me. rip me'
b'i wanna work at it! ill do it for. free smile'
b'who am i to disagree? syet i love them both. never thought my to faves would end up together (are they dating or what? lol )'
b"who are uk's allies? is uk standing with regime to confront terrorism? this would be the greatest insult!"
b'who can braid my hair'
b'who could use one of these right about now? get your weekend started early, happy hour begins at 4!'
b'who does not want to have ways to promote his and make extra'
b'whoever decided to put a " b " in " subtle " was a master of his craft. " \xe2\x80\x94 uga'
b'whoever lives in hidden valley or stony glenn hmu lets chill'
b'whoever said " ignorance is bliss " ain\'t nevaaa lied'
b'whoever said men and women can not be bestfriends clearly has not met us.'
b'whoever snuck the s in " fast food " is a clever bastard.'
b'who give a fuck we do not care bout nun fam smirking face'
b'who got me sick?! i have the worst sore throat'
b'who has jonathan kent tell supes to let kids drown to prove a point'
b'who i am is not who i wanna be?'
b'who is grafitting creepy things everywhere. its not okay'
b'who is ready for reliable internet on flights? this article takes us one step closer'
b'who is taking your pictures! what is wrong with you! somebody help that bitch up!'
b'who is the best? go to battle of the pages on all social network pages included!'
b'who is wilson playing in the turkey bowl? \xf0\x9f\x90\xaf\xf0\x9f\xa6\x83'
b'who knew could taste this good?! has anyone else tried holiday roast?'
b"whole family is dead after yesterday, but we're glad we were able to give back to the community sleeping face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'who lives in hidden valley?'
b'wholly bright side : julian de guzman broke a major canadian record, played well doing it, and is continuing his post -tfc indian summer. good'
b'who needs a boyfriend when you got cherokee to give you butt massages.'
b'who needs a relationship when you have a cat " me sad i need a relationship sad i am so lonely sad and my cat mauled me on wednesday sad'
b'whoops how did that get in my healthy snack box face with tears of joy'
b'whoops just applied for another capital one credit card and my credit limit is pretty nice worry oh well'
b"whose daughter posts an ugly pic of you w/no makeup on fb.. oh that's right, mine! i just look angry! hehe. i love 2cuddle"
b"who's excited to go to band practice tonight?!? i know i am!"
b'who shop at basic ass stoes? a ) yo momma b ) your sister c ) her and her bestfriend d ) her boyfriend'
b"who's hungry for a prize? congrats to for winning the lunch time prize."
b"who's ready"
b"who's your favorite actor? \xe2\x80\x94 henry cavill for lyf"
b'who the fuck fae possil or the milton had sunday roast, naebody unless we had visitors and then we got the good plates oot'
b'who voted do my home work? i hate you i am not doing my home work'
b'who wants to come over?'
b'who wants to get one? small swag from'
b'who wants to go back to sleep? me!'
b'who wants to go to a football game tomorrow night? i got you for gas! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'who wants to play a game where we guess what is doing right now'
b'who was a cute kid? this girl?'
b'who was your favorite actor that portrayed jesus? click to see the all!'
b'who will win at the 2015 our predictions'
b'who would be the worst actor or actress to play your favorite character from a tv show or movie?'
b'who would be your favorite person to butt fondle?'
b'who would have thought that picking a damn baby-shower theme for a boy would be so hard! weary face weary face weary face'
b"who would of thought causally drinking in sean's and jons basements junior w andrews friend would of made my best friend riley lol"
b"who y'all think y'all foolin"
b'who you foolin?'
b'who you pointing at bitch face with tears of joy'
b"ugh, same. i've gotten it mostly under control until something happens then it all goes bad."
b'why am i always stuck babysitting sad'
b"why am i awake class isn't till 1"
b'why am i covered in hives'
b"why am i explosively hungry right now? it's not even noon. oh well, lunch time."
b'why am i only seeing this casspernyovest kfc add now? i love it'
b"why am i still hoping you'd give a shit"
b'why am i suddenly laughing for no good reason? \xf0\x9f\x98\xb6\xf0\x9f\x98\xb6\xf0\x9f\x98\xb6'
b'why am i up cleaning my room?'
b"why are boys such magical beings what's so amusing and interesting about their dick and they way of thinking wtf the dfhcj"
b'why are talking love?\xc2\xbf i am to smart to fall for your shit smile'
b'why are you having fireworks tonight, your scaring my dogs you fuckstick!'
b'why are you making clickbaity videos? thats fucked up, especially in a community full of children. wtf man? dont be a dick'
b'why are you so boring'
b'why being your authentic self is enough to change the world'
b'why best buy really increased my credit limit on my credit card expressionless face i do not your damn increase when i can not pay off bill now'
b'why be tanned when you can be a tomato? \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f tomato'
b"why bother texting you if there isn't going to be a conversation going. 2 days not a conversation going whatever do ur thing."
b'why can not i have long hair weary face'
b'why can not i hug ally in the streets'
b'why cant i tweet like a full time fan account once again this is not so good'
b'why can not pr come any faster'
b'why can not someone accidentally leave me in the pantry unamused face'
b'why can not we just look at some of these activists and say " i do not give a fuck about your opinions, you\'re irrelevant " and be done with it?'
b'why cnt the majority of white girls get their own style they either trying 2 be latinas or black wtf what happend to them pam anderson types'
b'why complicate life? missing somebody? call want to meet? invite have questions? ask do not like something? say it love someone? tell them'
b'why did my credit card company just increase my credit limit to i am trying to pay it off, not get further into debt.'
b"why did not someone tell him that when translated our saying is 'button your lip '?! ouch... that's going to hurt in the morning!"
b'why did not we spend 8m on jordan rhodes ffs'
b'why did they have to put a yoyos on campus...?'
b'why do cats lick themselves? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy my cat is licking herself on my bed ha'
b'why does crimsix always like convoys? wtf is wrong with him.'
b'why does everyone on twitter believe we are in for a late bid to get moutinho!? a russian link! remember saf just confirmed he will not sign.'
b"why does everyone think they're the shit for formally being a 5sos stan and hating them now lmao"
b'why does he look dead tho lmaoo'
b'why does love have to come with so many arguments and shit?'
b'why does my english teacher hate me?\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'why does my heart go pitter patter?'
b'why does my stupid android keyboard keep changing words at the very last minute. never again.'
b'why does our tv keep messing up wtf " it\'s blocking out the cussing when they perform'
b"why does peoples follow me? that ' not creepy. ha, i love you guys."
b'why does rahul gandhi want to bring back those dark days of the 80s in punjab?-sukhbir badal'
b'why does sc keep telling random ppl i am screen shotting their story when i am not.. fucking creepy! unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'why does work have to be so boring sleeping face'
b'why do i always end up trying too hard to be nice to people when i always get treated like shit'
b'why do i always try so hard for things that will never happen?'
b'why do i get distracted so easily loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'why do i get like 3 hrs of sleep a night i really hate meself'
b'why do i get so many comments about my butt from girls face with tears of joy'
b'why do i keep waking up then falling back to sleep unamused face'
b'why do men think humorous women can be their bestfriends? we (women ) date humorous men!'
b"why do nikkas feel like it's ok to have dreads/braids/long hair and a wide ass taper in the front?! nikka pick one or the other"
b'why dont people love school? school is awesome'
b'why do people bleach their butt-holes?'
b'why do people only talk to you when they need shit?'
b'why do ppl from cali come here and then act all shocked and cold about our weather like what did you think idiot'
b'why do sex bruises always seem so permanent?'
b'why do so many people go to delaware on friday, bridge is always packed when i am going to work friday'
b'stadium right at that moment, thus triggering the 3rd stadium lightning clearance of the day. i guess they could have ended'
b"why do we fall in love so easy, even when it's not right"
b"why do we have to compare players/teams across different eras? just enjoy the warriors, they're a juggernaut and an absolute joy to watch."
b'why do you girls like " ain\'t shit " niggas. that\'s attractive to some of y\'all'
b"why do you support opening our borders to boats allowing more kids to drown? you've missed the boat on detention"
b'why has this dog got a better bed than me face with tears of joy'
b'why have you failed me yet again, immune system.'
b'why i made love to my girlfriend on her hospital bed. if you want to know, click'
b'why insult someone when you can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone.'
b'why in the phukkk is 95 always packed'
b'why in the world do people bring their loud, obnoxious children to the hospital. leave them at home or get a sitter. christ.'
b'why is a prom themed staff night out turning into me loosing my birko virginity with'
b'why is century always packed on the days i work? my arm is realy starting to become numb'
b"why is everyone freaking out over red cups? like there's more important issues... like how they took gossip girl off netflix like wtf"
b'why is he the topic of they conversation? anyways'
b'why is it that people who drink energy drinks seem like the people with the least amount of shit going on?'
b'why is madam secretary such a good show...'
b'why is my dad so dumb for letting people come visit the house as im getting out of the shower.. only giving me 5 mins to get dressed unamused face'
b'why is pollo tropical always packed! unamused face'
b'why is scaring people so damn funny?'
b'why is the fucking nyx aisle in ulta always packed'
b"why is the skyline one of the world's best sports well see for yourself"
b'why is there no crowd!? shit la!'
b'americans over 40 account for 35 percent of education debt.'
b'why i will never be the same after recovery on'
b'why lie, i just want to lay in bed today, eating some pizza & wings & chips & drinking a gatorade & watching movies lol'
b'why men do not fall in love in bed'
b'why? might have to go smoke free again'
b'why name hurricane fag names. name that shit hurricane death megatron 300 and i guarantee niggas be evacuating like they need to!'
b"why not enjoy a takeaway if you're having dinner guests? we will not tell them that you did not cook it!"
b'why not treat yourself to a rasam takeaway tonight and enjoy a 20 % discount.'
b'why on earth is spurs trending!'
b'why q93 rolling this early in the morning?!'
b'why she so beautiful, so jealous!'
b'why should i allow that same to tell me how to raise my kids, who had to drown his own? - robert g. ingersoll 8534'
b'why should i give a dam to it!'
b"why should les miles solely be blamed for the losses of the team? it's not right. miles being fired is undeserved."
b"why should we fight the feeling let's just live in the moment though it's infatuation i am good with that"
b'why tf am i drinking coffee rn? lol'
b"why the 2017 nissan leaf electric car could be a very big deal : looking past the show-car skin, nissan's self -"
b'why the 2017 nissan leaf electric car could be a very big deal " (yet another article not to show ron baron )'
b'why the fuck did i agree to go to newtown anguished face'
b'why the hell is madrid playing 433?'
b'why the hell would carnival put us into a place full of children to listen to the safety regulations'
b'why they talk shit too.. thought we was closer homie.. where tf was you at.. in the coldest moments'
b'why wait to live life if you only live once? there are some rules meant to be broken'
b"why white people want adele to be today's whitney houston. (and why it will never happen )"
b'why will not boys just date me lmao im a lovable person'
b'why wont i do my home work lol'
b'" why worry when you do not have to? caring is an option. focus on the positive. ignore the negative. "'
b'why would you want cigarette break when you can have pasta break'
b'why would you rob the salvation army?'
b'why yall posting yall fake kicks thinking that yall foolin someone yall cant fool me tho'
b'why you get your best ideas while driving -'
b"why you gotta be fake, weren't you just talking shit about them... like always? sit the fuck down face with tears of joy"
b'why you need a wealth manager'
b'why you need form 706'
b'wich song will you perform? " true friends " or " throne "?'
b'wife of man accused of trying to drown their kids arrested'
b'uk : no solution in sight to assange standoff : britain says no solution in sight to standoff with ecua'
b"i know this kid is like kinda ugly but he's still cute"
b'that sounded really sarcastic'
b'will actually have time to watch tonight. panel looks interesting. daily mail columnists are always amusing.'
b'will adele ever stop going on about here boyfriend breakups'
b'will a pretty face make it better'
b'will definitely being doing a cover when we get home'
b"will do, i promise rt : i want to be with someone who's willing to prove that he's not going to run away when things get rough."
b'will do mate thanks... need a break cos to hot down here'
b'and acts of hate against muslims. even i canada. makes me sick to my stomach.'
b'william ackman : everything you need to know about finance and investing in under an hour'
b'good evenin william. hope you have an amazin day! much love from the south land face throwing a kiss'
b'in what is your favorite character, your favorite actor/actress & your favorite ship? me is'
b'williams -producers shut in more gas to transco line due isaac : new york aug 27 (reuters ) - williams cos inc on am'
b'will mia from internet when out cos 2g exceeded lol using wifi now :x stupid singtel'
b'will not be a repeat of last year'
b'will obama attack syria?will lil wayne ever drop dedication 5?will miley cyrus ever stop twerking?find out next time on dragonball z'
b'i am not on any government assistance and sometimes i have to go groceries just for willow. this bitch gets her fridge full'
b'should move back up fella. i am already here... on my own... having loads of fun'
b'i feel bad for those kids'
b'will someone please do my home work weary face'
b"she's a bitch"
b'will you be there as we unlock the new year sketchy bongo has just been added to the list do not sleep.'
b'aww thanks for remembering smile'
b'win a gratitude stone rt to enter help the homeless visit or email donations co. uk for information'
b"wow, that's awesome. it's past bedtime for me. i am going, it was so nice talking to you. smiling face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes"
b'i pressed the wrong one wtf'
b'windows down to 31 % - " : world\'s biggest computer os platforms when tablets & smartphones included : "'
b'windows live movie maker takes sooo long to upload and save a video'
b'yea it has nothing to do with the jaw dropping runs or the fact that at running back he was the detroit lions for a decade.'
b'made my blood run cold so shocked by that islamist scumbags? wtf totally irresponsible broadcasting flaming the fire of hate'
b'winners always learn. " i wasn\'t born a natural entrepreneur. i had to be trained. " robert kiyosaki'
b'winners and losers aren\'t born, they are the products of how they think " - lou holtz'
b'winners of music challenge are sympathy for the devil/gimme shelter, come together/helter skelter & born to run/thunder rd. thanks 4 playing'
b'winners were born on this day'
b'winston churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.'
b"and i am so in love with their relationship smiling face with heart shaped eyes also keenler are finally reunited! good and although that's not exactly"
b'winter health giveaway time! win a from ($299. 99 value! )'
b'really, sarcastic laughs was all i could manage in the second half.'
b'is it fucked up i watched it twice and laughed both times'
b"wish everybody would hop off dukes dick & worry about y 'all team. bandwagon ass hoes!"
b'wish i could be one of those people that had on point makeup everywhere they went but i just do not have the energy/time/money for dat shit'
b'wish i could be told the truth from the beginning not find shit on my own'
b'wish i could do today again, what a day soccer ball heavy black heart'
b'wish i could go to sleep and think about all this shit later though'
b'wish i could just go to sleep before i start talking shit'
b'wish i could put my life on airplane mode or do not disturb to get away from all this bullshit'
b'wish i could skip tomorrow as a day entirely'
b'wish i could throw magic dust on my problems and make them disappear. just like a wizard. or a crack addict'
b"wish i could've layed up with big daddy tonight.. \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab i know he got shit to do tomorrow tho."
b'wish i did not get distracted so easily so i could get things done'
b'wish i got random pictures sent to me n shit'
b'wish i had a boyfriend to spoil for christmas grinning face with smiling eyes but instead i have two bad nephews relieved face'
b'wish i had a cool eye color'
b'wish i had a curvy body.. gimme 3 years for that " skinny girls when they turn 23 " shit lmao'
b'wish i had a fridge full of nothing but wine'
b'wish i had \xf0\x9f\x92\xb2\xf0\x9f\x92\xb2\xf0\x9f\x92\xb2 for shit like pizza that is brought to your front door.'
b'wish i had some nyquil right now, feeling like complete shit disappointed but relieved face'
b'wishing a happy birthday to first female cm of gujrat first birthday as gujrat cm..'
b'wishing cm a very happy birthday & a long life. you are pride of gujarati women & an inspiration to all.'
b'wishing i was at hogwarts because their final exams are always cancelled'
b'wishing the amazing olympic athletes from around the world the best of luck in sochi (finding drinking water and toilets ).'
b'wishing you and your family a very may this spread lots of and in your life.'
b'wish i was at school today ; i hate getting behind more than i hate being sick'
b'wish i was cool with my old squad to catch a ride to jailins \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5 loudly crying face'
b'wish i was out of this fucking house doing something with friends'
b'wish my fam lived somewhere cool murrysville blows'
b'wish the dog would stop fucking barking, hes scaring me'
b"wish there was someone who was down for me & only me.. but that'll never happen \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'wish you would pay as much attention to me as you do your " bestfriend "'
b'thank you for the return follow. have a blessed weekend'
b"me too, but looking on the bright side - only another 6 months to go and it'll be summer again - ahem!"
b'i dont have to say shit. i aint ya man lol'
b'cuz they dnt giv a fuck i loved bet uncut'
b'with 100s of gorgeous european models, is the best place to see babes sucking dick!'
b'with all the drive in the world, swear you still need gas'
b'with all these comebacks i am ready to make vines taking request if wanted and i am here to roast on vine face with tears of joy face with tears of joy winking face hopefully they come out good'
b'with all this snow i bet we do not have school tomorrow hushed face'
b'with a predicted high of 41 today here in sydney it looks like summer has arrived with a bang! i know i am keen to'
b'with a shitty ass car drive that bitch every day to ha shitty ass job'
b'with freedom to fly, to dream, to love, we must live together in appreciation of our gifts and love'
b'with greene out i expect svi to get much more playing time in maui. should be great experience for the young guy.'
b'with my don xxxx i love her too mucchhhh xxx'
b'with my lovely and all the new peeps! this american does not want to leave!'
b'without a doubt, are the new best thing in grocery shopping. so unbelievably worth it.'
b'without a doubt the most wonderful time of the year \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85'
b'without a woman : trey songz 3333'
b'with the ceo of 2perfect entertainment'
b"with two of everything, there's no way i will not mess up! smile"
b"i do not know! america really isn't very good if you have not noticed lol but i think the croatian friend did like"
b"that's awesome! i would recommend a telescope for christmas. just throwing that out there. smile"
b'wizards will now hear the pitter patter of their little feet'
b'happy birthday daddy not gunna lie your the best and will always be i love you \xf0\x9f\x8d\x81\xf0\x9f\x8d\x81\xf0\x9f\x8d\x81'
b'so do you roll your own blunts/joints or do you have someone do it for you?'
b'thanks a lot wiz, it means alot to us visual people. anyways, enjoy yourself and keep it coming.'
b"that's not even a legit question man. you and we all know that answer!"
b'i told you it was the admin account!'
b'we would to visit your office and offer our gratitude for supporting us'
b'woah arsenal, do not make too many signings jesus! let others buy players for once'
b'woah! you see the size of knife uses 4 how we gonna match that? friggen knife has 2b least 10 or 11 inches!'
b'woke up at 1 thinking that i had seen a huge spider in my bed, 15 minutes later, i get bitten and it still hurts now!'
b'woke up at 5am this morning & realized i didnt have work..'
b'woke up feeling fantastic emoji modifier fitzpatrick type 6'
b'woke up feeling good this morning'
b'woke up feeling good this morning if you feel good let me get a'
b'woke up from the worst nightmare of my life weary face'
b'woke up happy & i just got put in a bad mood'
b'woke up n a great mood time to get ready for my day finally 21 happy bday to me'
b'woke up to a win. pretty great start to the day! \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"woke up to from a nightmare where you +the love of your life aren't on the best terms and you abort his baby and it's just ok"
b'woke up to the bus driver yelling at me to get off the bus.'
b'woke up to the terrible news of the have not we evolved at all? my thoughts, love & prayers with those affected.'
b"woke up to this amazing poster of love the look in priyanka's eyes!"
b'woke up with a horrible cough and the worst sore throat ever.'
b'woke up with my face more broken out than it ever has been from the makeup and super stuffy with a sore throat.. worst part of plays neutral face'
b'woke up w the worst sore throat, like wtf is this'
b': you know what i like to do? answer my own questions. "'
b"woman goes 100 days 'without fear ' to reach her picture perfect lifestyle."
b'woman in lidl who is just like bobby from towie ha'
b'woman is a flower. how evil of a man to treat a flower with violence and without appreciation.'
b'woman raped by correction officer for 20 min. while another co watched'
b"woman says cops'murdered ' brother in tussle after breaking into home without warrant"
b"women do the most outrageous things when they catch their men cheating it's mental."
b"women really do not give a shit about what men want cecause they swear they know whats best for us. that's sweet in a fucked up kinda way lol"
b"women's conference 2k15 super excited \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"women's rights are not a lunacy that warrants parody."
b"women's rights around the globe : behind the data via"
b"women's rights & islam can not coexist."
b"women's rights refers to the social and human rights of women."
b'women tried boudoir photography for the first time and loved every second of it'
b'women who love republicans who hate them "'
b'wonderful time of the year'
b'wonder how grizzlies fans will react to chalmers being sent there. he devastated sports fans in memphis not long ago'
b'wonder if my results are at home.. shame im not there.'
b'wonder if these people singing the wrong lyrics on the amas will feel dumb when they see themselves on tv black question mark ornament'
b"wondering if 2's would fit my car"
b'wondering what brand of you should get? educate yourself over at the sleep zone :'
b'woo best part is the library tour'
b'video camera woobielou : vladtheimpalainvalhalla : bugtears : modmad : we interrupt your usual schedule to bring you a'
b'do you think i am too late to try to get elderberries? my time has run away with itself. ;p'
b'woodlawn 16 class on my dick face with tears of joy fuck you niggas & bitches. wait til i graduate to talk shit'
b'woohoooooo i screamed and started running around the house i am so happy congratulations baby boys'
b"woohoo women's rights!"
b'words can hurt. people need to watch what they say on social media'
b"wordsmadetomeasure : give a little time to me, we'll burn this out we'll play hide and seek to turn this aroun"
b': too bored to do nothing. too lazy to do anything.'
b'hahahahaha xd looking forward to seeing it! 3 what should we do? dress fucking metal and go to the beach?'
b'work ethic level goal :'
b'work ethic on metro boomin level'
b'working 12 days in a row i need my day off already weary face'
b'working 2 jobs and going to school thats why i do not have time for " this shit "'
b'working hard for something we do not care about is called while working hard for something we love is called'
b'working in retail gives me motivation to do well in school so i do not have to work retail for the rest of my life'
b'working in + tonight. going to be a chilly one. if you are going out pls do not drink too much +get home safe'
b'working out with dirty 30 today. 21 day fix is a great way to stay on track between the holidays. why wait till'
b'new drinking game take a shot when they say western conference finals during that clip lol'
b'yahoo sportacular shit is the best app to have imo.'
b'working w/ rocky was like having adobe flash player as a 3rd stew. always needing attention & shutting idown for no good reason'
b'work is definitely getting better. calls are going smoother. excited to start having 3 days off a week. i am very fortunate!'
b"work is super boring... but i guess i shouldn't complain today"
b'workplace systems that look more like the of contractors are coming to traditional employers :'
b'works closed thursday and friday so i do not have school or work those days. so happy smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'work should be great today, not.'
b'worksop 1981 - a drive through the town note the gas van accident at 12:55. what the heck happened there?!'
b'swore i deleted that tweet face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\xad. wait do not big bro me like that, i got this school shit handled hear!'
b'i am blaming you if i get arrested for fighting'
b"worried about politics but already stressed over life do not need more stress about who's going ruin this country"
b"worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace."
b"worrying is stupid. it's like walking around with an umbrella, waiting for it to rain."
b'worry not, the best things will stick. so let go a little and enjoy not knowing!'
b'worst canker sore in my life pls help'
b"worst day to be a madridista, lucky it wasn't five nil, can not find a reason we lost. shitty coach shitty team display."
b"worst decision i've ever made!"
b"worst feeling in the world is knowing you are doing the best you can, & it still isn't good enough."
b'worst nightmare i ever had in my life'
b'worst part about being sick is a sore throat'
b'worst part about tattoos is the itching and peeling. ughhhhhhh'
b'worst possible thing is when you have a cold sore right by your eye pensive face'
b'worst sore throat \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'worst thing about being sick is the sore nose from the tissues'
b'worst thing about this season is how dry and sore my lips get \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x91\x84'
b"would also help if they stayed waverly instead if leaving just bc we're not a football school smh"
b'would be a shame if you kept talking that shit and your job found out you still smoke pot'
b'would be great if i was able to get to sleep sometime soon :///?'
b'would give my right arm to go back to ed sheeran'
b'would give my right arm to look the slightest bit like weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'would have enjoyed the movie more. the kids all drown in the quicksand and then max can go back to driving a damn vehicle'
b'would honestly love to live in chapel hill and go to unc'
b'would like to put in a compliment about the driver of the 17:31 602! very happy, polite ; and even apologised for running late!'
b'would like to thank my parents for never giving me the opportunity to ever become emotionally invested in the detroit lions'
b'would love a lil day off tomorrow'
b'would love some head before bed'
b"would love to have my parents together and have the perfect little family but that's not gonna happen"
b'would love to see would be great for the club can not see it ever happening tho \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'would not have been a true duffy send off without my aunty ronnie nearly falling in the grave with mam face with tears of joy beautiful day for a beautiful woman'
b'would not wanna interrupt your busy schedule'
b'would you be hung if you brought a burger to the hidden valley'
b'would you pass the global financial literacy test? try it and see'
b'would you sleep with someone that has the same last name as you?'
b"would you swear that you'll always be mine? would you lie? would you run and hide? am i in too deep? have i lost my mind?"
b'would you use this,, i will via'
b'wow house release on thank you for supporting so much more great stuff coming \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wow 50 followers good'
b"wow! a big ol ' united way thanks to the iu credit union for creating a better community with generous employee"
b"you keep getting better and better! you're amazing!"
b'wow! beautiful! wow! victoria singing sorry - justin bieber cover by victoria skie : via'
b'wow! beauty at its best, i love what i am seeing'
b"wow, best decision i've made all year."
b'wow, cancelled my account back in june, how much money do you waste sending out these to non customers?'
b'wow check out the great photo by an art vending machine! - community crawl.'
b'wow check out the great photo by magic is something you make \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f Canada'
b'wow check out the great photo by continued'
b'wow check out the great photo by'
b'wow check out the great photo by naked fridays 11/20/15'
b'wow, chris smalling has only turned 26 and is already comfortably the best defender in the league. great career ahead of him.'
b'wow completely devastated by that loss. \xf0\x9f\x90\x97\xf0\x9f\x8f\x88'
b'wow fucking best hair hack ever.'
b'wow give me my long hair back now'
b'wow, good thing she stepped forward with this correction.'
b'wow had a great day at school'
b"wow helena. i do not think i've ever loved you as much as i do right now..."
b'wow! highly recommend " it\'s a wonderful life ". great job comets!'
b'wow.. how freaking awesome was that.'
b'wow, i can be really mature sometimes sometimes, i like to take my emotionally immaturity out on twitter because this is america!'
b'wow! i can not believe it.. just fav my tweet'
b'wow i cant wait to have a nice long island bagel \xe2\x9c\x8a\xf0\x9f\x91\x85'
b'wow i did a great job painting my nails'
b'wow i fucking love waking up to go potty and never falling back asleep'
b'wow i get really sarcastic and bitchy once i am up past 11'
b'wow i have so many twitter notifications my stupid android never tells me anything'
b'wow, i just got a great deal on 8 - or 16 -mode tens electronic pulse massager at livingsocial shop'
b'wow i just had the best dream ever, it neeeds to come true asap sleepy face'
b'wow. i am glad he was convicted.'
b'wow... im really sick and was holding my breath... hard to breathe now!'
b'wow i am sooo happy!'
b'wow i need to watch what i say at restaurants weary face weary face weary face'
b'wow i think love in the dark is going to be my fav, this song, the instrumental so good'
b"wow! it's crazy how you can be there for someone and be so nice to someone and they cant wait to screw you over. unamused face"
b'wow its great to be a tiger loudly crying face'
b'wow... it was a really great year! really looking forward to being your " hockey mom " again this season!'
b'wow your fans have serious class. you must be so proud'
b'wow. lol. just failed that physics quiz'
b'wow look at arsenal splashing out the cash'
b'wow looks like this whole week is just dandy.'
b'wow my fridge is so full! sad'
b'wow. my train would be local neutral face'
b'wow! oh wow! great! so great! wow! " - what i imagine my dog thinks every time he rediscovers his own butthole'
b'wow ok fucking rotted fuck you floki. fucking killed the best character in vikings. fucking fuming here, do not even wanna watch the rest'
b'wow - please sign & share. this hate group encourages people to adopt out bulls & then kill them. sick!'
b'wow portugal... just wow xd ps : best freaking set ever carlos matos ill post pictures and stuff once i come back to life'
b'wowsers. knew it was cold but shocked to see all the snow in surbiton first thing this morning'
b"wow so many of you have already confirmed that you're coming to our meet up on sunday! can not wait to hug you all."
b'wow so my phone died right after i tweeted that and i just got to charge it now... persevering face face with tears of joy'
b"wow -- less than 24hrs to sell a phone. is the place to sell your phone, that's my 5th successful sale. good work gents!"
b'wow, thank you for sharing, these two are quite an impressive pair.'
b"wow that's attractive"
b'wow, this android phone is stupid cheap - the next web : the next webwow, this android phone is stupid...'
b'wow this break has started out so great'
b'wow, this dr. phil episode is crazy! reminds me of the glory days of lost! i sure hope this does not end on a cliffhanger!'
b'wow " this great weather here in florida is non stop still into mid november almost mid 80\'s everyday like summer'
b'wow, this is amazing. so happy for you. god has blessed you very much, tell him thank you. love you!'
b"wow! this is great news, seiu new hampshire, bravo! you've made the correct choice for the country! now let's"
b'wow, this is some really great stuff! - drinking a head high by pints by the pool \xe2\x80\x94'
b'wow! this is truly sad, especially since myself and thousands believe that he is innocent. pray for louis and his'
b'wow this just really made my day better loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'wow this year is almost over'
b'wow, tu for sharing & for the love. what a great for profit partner to local nonprofits.'
b'wow! thanks for the option of high speed internet at a month or 6 months free to save 30 depending on the plan.'
b'wow you seem to be in a great mood now'
b"wow! watching india's daughter on rmpbs about the girl who was gang raped on a bus. the bus driver, convicted of rape & murder, said :1/2"
b'wow way to smoke on a smoke free campus, lady.'
b'wow what a game tonight to come out and take the game to panthers they could not handle our game and got dirty. well done'
b'wow what a great day'
b'wow! winter sure has arrived. if you are storing away your caravan this season best to use covers!'
b'wow wtf is wrong with me, i actually know about nail polish and stuff and some of the different kinds loudly crying face loudly crying face fs need to go gym to cancel this out'
b"wow you're so drunk i can really tell by your snap chat stories! wish i was all cool as all you face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b"wow you're such a good friend unamused face"
b'wow. you sure know how to reel in the hotties'
b'interesting! i can see where your coming from though. i thought it was great though, a strong 8 or 9 from me. -jacob'
b'i am looking forward to getting you trashed'
b"write a 5 page paper due tomorrow morning that i've had a month to do..."
b'writing about the tales of beedle the bard, fantastic beasts and where to find them and quidditch through the ages for my tomorrow class.'
b"writing love letters you'll never see"
b'i would of never guessed'
b'wrong link.. lol i love you, this is awesome'
b'wow great journalism. she should be proud. really drilling the presidential candidate.., idiot'
b'ws : complex protocols great, but hard to implement. need more of " pull " to make easier for ppl to use protocols to help care'
b'where did it all? i am pretty sure this is a very simple question for yahoo to answer.'
b'its called " liquid evil " aka: alcohol. when too much is consumed, it makes people act in ways they would not if sober.'
b'he is a criminal, if the west really meant what they say on paper, he need to be try.'
b"or better yet, i'll keep following and when you tweet out and interesting story, i'll go find it elsewhere. thanks."
b'sure sign you are a yankee : taking the high road. joe girardi, turn in your pinstripes. a -rod shows class in not publicly complaining.'
b'the world is encountering some serious weather all over... all at the same time...'
b'why? i have never even heard of this holiday till today. you report on economics...very well. why tarnish your reputation?'
b'when i saw morgan freeman was in the cast i rejected it outright. i am so sick of him.'
b'he has lived 89 years for who he was.'
b': who tf takes baths with bleach? dumbass face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy wtf wrong with ha'
b'wtf be wrong with bitches weave face with tears of joy'
b'wtf do you get ur mom for mothers day when she deserves a mansion over looking the ocean in fiji but you have 00 in ur checking account?'
b'wtf i literally hate my spanish teacher angry face'
b'wtf is going on with me today, since morning i been making these silly mistakes at work, sending wrong msgs, im just nt thinking straight'
b"wtf is on nicki's butt? fearful face"
b'wtf is this guy doing " dry humping selena " face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'wtf is wrong here?'
b'wtf is wrong with flagler schools, first dress code, now 3 days of thanksgiving the pilgrims did not die for this'
b'wtf is wrong with hhs and this coffee rule i paid money for that coffee i am not gonna throw it away'
b'wtf is wrong with me'
b'wtf is wrong with me 5 seconds of summer'
b"wtf is wrong with me since 5:30 am i only ate 1/2 piece of cupcake and 1/4 (pernell's meal?)"
b'wtf is wrong with me today i fancy everyone help'
b'wtf is wrong with people!'
b'wtf is wrong with telling the truth?'
b'wtf is wrong with these people writing the news?'
b'wtf is wrong with this man'
b'wtf is wrong with this spencer? wtf?'
b'wtf is wrong with you guys'
b"wtf is wrong with you? being nice isn't measured with sponsorship of dms face with tears of joy"
b'wtf is wrong with zayn stans right now'
b'wtf is wrong w this bitch'
b'wtf is young thug saying in his songs'
b'wtf my sister used all the makeup remover cloths and she does not even use makeup.'
b'wtf with venus \' " i feel american " comment? oh, right, cuz you\'ve never gotten any support before'
b'wtf wrong with my leg bruh \xf0\x9f\x98\xad?'
b'tee he, note how many hours ago i prepared... maybe years actually'
b'w -weegee has some/really/ sick thoughts. j -just why. i hope mitsu does not mind when i do not come over today'
b'i got you roaddogg. i am going to keep it 100. i hope creative do not lose it swag with owens. that man represents us big folk!'
b'some really sick teams in the comp too, matches were really great to watch.'
b"awh thanks sweetheart but nah they will not that's why people who do not have kids that are in school & complain, i am like really?"
b'made the semi pro team bruh ran a 4. 54'
b'did you finish your math homework?!?'
b'country music is the best!'
b'[ yes that is one of them heh you got 10 point to guess for the first time right xd ]'
b'" i love being up early "'
b'i do not have classes on fridays :-))) 5 seconds of summer'
b'i turned my phone off to charge so hmu on here if you need me'
b"y'all just keep getting better & better & it makes me so so so so happy!"
b'xoskinnybratxo to pass as male with hair as long as harry styles. that is the dream, folks'
b'but alex looks nothing like oliver imo'
b'-- finding yoghurt instead of his favorite juice. but still, he chose not to voice his disappointment knowing very well that --'
b'you are not a jerk. we love you always supporting us! 33 unlimited voting. =)'
b'oh bummer. you can get the yahoo sportacular app. it follows every sport play by play. or lap by lap, as the case may be. winking face'
b"providence tonight. friday's are always packed so get there early and avoid the line! see you tonight!"
b'oh i thought you hadnt tried either hehehe sizzle pie is good i jus love burgers a lot'
b'awooo i am shitting it. reply to my whatsapp babe'
b'yeah i just subbed today (bonzo1996) why would i lie? lol'
b'i am just annoyed i am losing sleep over this dickwad. i am not team kimmel'
b'so glad use are mates again, drinks soon face throwing a kiss'
b'i am living, i am blessed, i am thankful! thank you for asking love'
b': blonde teen woke up and had her first sex in the morning after loosing virginity'
b'yaaas. heavy black heart sounds awesome. oooh! we should road trip to the beach when i come visit! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lol i am saying man shit i was hoping i would fucking get my phone back in time but he still has not dropped shit yet'
b'ya bestfriend stay in drama and always drag you in it for back up see how they react when you do not come to back up face with tears of joy'
b'ya boy getting better at this cooking thing.'
b'ya do not want this game at all lol exactly how we want dis game'
b"i am really sarcastic and passionate about things that are important to me but damn that's what life's about so i am not sorry."
b'ya gotta pass the test'
b'i do not retweet much... but this is worthy! bring back the last airbender!'
b"yah it's not hard to learn it every 4 hours... duh smile"
b"ya know i continue to put myself out there to help people or go above n beyond for people. and i feel like it's worthless"
b"y'all ain't shit man i swear"
b'yall aint subtle'
b"y'all are too dumb to know that all winners know what awards they're winning before the show. everything on tv is scripted"
b"y'all arguing about who momma make what best but when y'all post it on instagram all y'all shit look nasty."
b"y'all be knowing the person could careless about you and still be trying"
b"y'all be too impatient for a relationship, marriage, etc... but have not got a chance to live life!"
b"y'all better learn tha difference between a nigga who aint worth it, and a man who aint perfect!"
b'yall can shut up about what a feeling because the dumb tv just said perfect'
b"y'all do not care"
b"y'all do not know how strong my peep game is lol"
b'yall ever get so bored you start looking for stuff in ur room you lost like 6 months ago lol'
b'yall ever got that one mutual ur really intimidated by'
b"y'all hoes really groupie tf outta him y'all just hoped on the bandwagon y'all wasn't around when he was a underground rapper smiling face with sunglasses"
b"y'all i do not understand how does not have a boyfriend, she's freakin gorgeous & is wifey material. y'all niggahs missin out"
b"y'all if you have not seen it, go watch testament of youth.. it is fantastic, but be prepared to cry like a freaking baby"
b"y'all, i only meant to insult the japanese population of virginia, so we're cool, right?"
b"y'all i swear i was going to cry that was so sweet of her"
b'yall just like shit to look cool'
b"y'all little boys need to quit trying to degrade woman and making our sex look stupid. you came from a woman. without us yall aint shit."
b"y'all mfs annoying man fuck! enjoy that concert not post shit"
b"y'all nigga's mad cause im running the game better than y'all running it smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat if that's what suppose to make me a hoe lol ok smiling face with sunglasses"
b"y'all not gone see this shit coming \xf0\x9f\xa4\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x88"
b'yall on national tv dry humping and shit'
b"y'all swear everything is a relationship goal. stfu"
b"yall were actually sleep on adele's first album! bunch a bandwagon hoes! i was poppin my pussy to chasing pavements on vh1 back in 08"
b"face with tears of joy of course we're dancing to disney music (mollyuyy i love you )"
b"you should so watch jim henson's labyrinth if you want a classic, or thirteen ghosts if you want a horror!"
b'yams & dressing too crying face crying face crying face i am looking forward to the mac & cheese and the honey baked ham'
b"okay lol i'll have the baby at the game with me too"
b"cool, i took marshall to the o's last night, he asked to leave in the bottom of the 5th."
b': one more from pregame... the captains have a chat (jeter and christie ):'
b'be3yonii 3 3 a beautiful romantic song 3 3'
b"aww \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 thank you for these beautiful words, i will one day i swear, i always wanted to, i promise i'll meet you sweet yasmin"
b'good andrew corbin is in my english class'
b'good and ust books a trip to the finals to go up against feu.'
b'good another fantastic day at lhs highschool'
b'good bae coming to school to have dinner w me relieved face'
b'good is back tweeps! stress no more about that awkward to buy for person, we have the pawfect gift!'
b'good bc reunited w ugli tonite smile'
b'good because they reunited cast members from clueless loudly crying face'
b'good b &n is selling signed copies on black friday again. the list is amazing this year.'
b'good can not wait to babysit my spanish boys this week \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good do not have to go to school tomorrow smile'
b'good dyana! would it spin their heads if they read the quran, where christ is a prophet that brought tariqua from god'
b'good everyone is reunited'
b'good finally done with that lab report. smile'
b'good ~ finally our anniversary well happy anniversary isa! i love you lots! alw... (vine by ;bangtae// s-h )'
b'good for being reunited with'
b'good for feeling better today. tired but hopeful'
b'good for finally being reunited, and a wonderful date night'
b'good for finally getting my classes figured out for next semester'
b'good for friday classes.'
b'good for me not having to go to school tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good for morning classes on fridays'
b'good for new books smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good for no school tomorrow'
b'good for no school tomorrow and snow weather coming our way'
b'good for not going to school tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good for not having afternoon classes and not having school today loudly crying face'
b'good for not having any classes today! smile'
b'good for reunited friendships! so thankful i got to hear this beauty jam tonight'
b'good for school in 4 hours'
b'good for taking 5 english classes next semester'
b'yay, friday tomorrow! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes how i love my day off to chill, appreciate nice things & generally embrace all that is good about life smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes heavy black heart'
b'good george and jorgie are gonna be reunited smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good george and jorgie are reunited in the jungle! i envy her \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x92\x9d'
b'good george is going to snake rock, jorgie and him will be reunited smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good get to be reunited with my 2 fav guys'
b'good get to be reunited w tonighg'
b'good got all my classes for next quarter'
b'good got all the classes i wanted for next semester grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'good happy birthday now give me some damn cake!'
b'good i do not have to go to school tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good i finally registered for the classes that i want to take next term \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a.'
b'good i finished making and fixing up some graphs for my lab report/o/'
b'good i found the books i wanted smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good i get to be reunited with my paigey tomorrow sunflower'
b'good i get to read 2 books and cry all week :))'
b'good i got all my classes!'
b'good i got into both of my waitlisted classes!'
b'good i have my classes picked! taking speech, math, english and dance \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good i just finished my lab report with 2 hours to spare *sunglasses emoji *'
b'good i love being at home bc home =no school and no school =no stress and no stress =a happy and unstressful life smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'good i love doing geometry homework'
b'good i love the doctors'
b'good i am 18 happy birthday me'
b'good i am back home from school'
b'good i am back reunited with wine wine ban lasted long neutral face'
b'good i am so happy i made it to state!'
b"yay, i am so happy it's tuesday?"
b'good i was done with my classes before 10 and i have no class tomorrow grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'good lab is cancelled'
b'good last day of school before break!'
b'good last experiment (@ lab 7 unit operation )'
b"good so happy you're an official buckeye! can not wait to be at the same school!"
b'good love doing homework for my online classes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good love doing homework to get my grades up in 1 day before grades come out! smile'
b'good me and daniel are picking up joycie from school on tuesday and i am suuuuuuper excited smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good my tuesday classes are cancelled i can go home on monday'
b'good new day is here! just in time for the holidays. awkward developer gift giving solved.'
b'good nialler and luke reunited face with tears of joy face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes hope to see all the lads reunited again soon winking face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good no classes for me next week central'
b'yay, no classes tomorrow, doing something with genocides the whole day'
b'good no school for a week = happy angela smiling face with halo'
b'good no school for me!'
b'good no school tomorrow & get to spend it with the fam \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'good no school tomorrow! going back to my internship.'
b'good no school tomorrow smile'
b'yay. now all lsu fans can be happy that arkansas lost too. lol'
b'good one class today then 5 days off from school'
b'good one more day of school then a crap tim of food'
b'good one of my classes got canceled today smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good on the way to nottingham for a weekend reunited with indi and eden'
b'good on way to school'
b"good phil is posting a new video! i am so tired of seeing cat's face so i am pretty excited"
b'good reunited with my besties hahahaha'
b'good reunited with my fav uncle'
b'good reunited w my bffs tonight smile'
b'yay. school. if you could only see the joy on my face.'
b'yay.. school in 7 hours. so excited'
b'yay... school shopping tomorrow... that means school! yes! i am jitty jacked off life!... wow is rubbing off on me!'
b'good sfsu students win as pouring rights contract goes down in flames'
b'good so happy for my school'
b'good so happy to be watching the little mermaid under my heating blankie \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c my kind of saturday night!'
b'good such a happy sunday morning my boy made nutella and milo for me'
b'good thank you school i luv miguel'
b'good the did not edit it or censor it. the boss editor must have been out for cigarette break! money mouth face'
b'good the london chooses as one of the best books of the year.'
b"good the whole squad's reunited tomorrow"
b'good this baby was dumped because " she was always by my side " tha fuck?!?!? so happy she is now adopted!'
b'yay. this hypebeast is sitting next to me -___ -'
b'good this is tom and he is home now thanks to his finder our post and shares! smile'
b'yay. tired & very much ready for sleep. so of course, this is a good time for heartburn to arrive.'
b'good today is the last day of physics lab!'
b'good to reunited friends sparkles'
b'good was finally able to choose my classes!'
b'good when you only have 5 more classes for the semester'
b'good wish granted ha mcdooooo! face throwing a kiss smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes lab you paps!'
b"good good good we're being reunited this weekend!"
b'yayy i have my english class from 9:00 to 12:30 today! this is going to be fun!?'
b'good you can go to vet school now'
b'yayyy avicii you haz a new song 3 omg i can not wait for it to be remixed! vocals added! sped up! slowed down! backwards! poloed!'
b"bu but but i thought bendtner was the only one striker available on the market, that's why marotta want to sign him"
b'yea bitch i am official tell the ref blow da whistle'
b'yeah and hang it up in our big ass house full of children'
b'yeah and worst thing is i get home at 6 and ugh weary face thanks too. i needed someone to talk to'
b'yeah. but it\'s a fine line between careful and boring, romeo. you do not have to worry about me. "'
b"yeah, coz it's so hot down here we're all wearing sunblock & raybans"
b"yeah for real it's hot down here!"
b'yeah i agree! i am just gonna miss them! ha'
b'yeah, i do not think they meant paws when they asked the pitter patter of tiny feet.'
b'yeah i lied to you but do not you lie to me'
b'yeah i love when my girlfriend runs off and hugs some hot girl i do not know.'
b"yeah i am pissed... you're supposed to be my bestfriend and not leave me alone pouting face"
b'yeah i should fucking sleep'
b'yeah i snap/tweet/instagram a lot but i am not blasting my personal shit for everyone to see.'
b'yeah its been a really shitty day'
b"yeah it's kinda hot down here too, even more so now"
b"yeah it's really not htta hard. get more followers! check out this tutorial"
b'yeah, mom and dad, i know i am a true disappointment. you can start picking a new favorite child now.'
b'yeah mom and dad. i love you too'
b"yeah, probably. i'd like to reciprocate but hate just isn't something i carry in my heart, so disgust is the best i can do."
b'your eyes are so pretty'
b"yeah so 8 hours at was sufficient. some good beers there for sure. enjoy, all! now it's home and stodgy takeaway for me!"
b'yeah that will never happen'
b'yeah, there was good villains, too (3 john lithgow ), but i agree about most side characters.'
b"yeah, y'all sure do keep it classy"
b'yeah you sick for trying to hit me in the face bitch call me a leader as a joke and touch my face again ill kick your ass'
b"year 3 ready to go! year 3 children are all wonderful and we're very proud of our representatives"
b'yea seriously. wtf is wrong with people? so yesterday i shared (via my mailing list ) something awesome ; a'
b'you hit the nail on the head with this shit sleeping face'
b'yelling arzaylea to pay her rent does not make you funny or cool it makes you a sad human bean'
b'yelling at computer to record my japanese homework i quit japanese for a reason'
b'yelling " i still got it! " after hitting a routine layup in a driveway pickup basketball game'
b"yelling just 'coz you 'r angry or sad! not only no one will accept ur anger (or sadness ), but they will look down at you and hate you for it"
b"---- yells 'four ' while playing mini golf at every single hole"
b"yep! i love you like a fat kid loves cake. lol ='d"
b'yep, it gives me advice all the time. rt : : i have a scale in my bathroom.'
b'yep that rapping guy totally makes me want to go to your school...'
b'yep this about sums it up!'
b'yep time for a haircut'
b"yes b! it's hard with biases though like they're all so lovely sad"
b'yes christian radio on the bus!'
b"yes de jong out, richard wright in, today's going to be a great deadline day at"
b"yes, he's serving his audience, it's a great service, but calling it the truth and bringing journalism into the discussion is wrong."
b'yesh! smile hehehe gotta love gas at 2001 prices.'
b'yes i agree! thanks so much for talking to me girlie. i appreciate your friendship!'
b'yes, i agree with sir, since d govt is trying to diversify d economy wit agriculture in place, it wil go a long way for d youths'
b'yes! i can not wait to play tonight after work!'
b'yes! i love waking up to and her little brother fighting!'
b'yes i spoke to a very nice lady called michelle. she apologised & said they were hoping to replenish asap.'
b"yes it felt like they weren't honest with us, and they weren't using our tablet campaign money to make and ship tablets."
b"yes, it's a shame as we have not played free flowing football for a while, but still get pundits saying it."
b'yes kids with vaccine injury aka elope and drawn to water many drown. thats what you meant right?'
b'yes, look, you get out of hell through the devil\'s butt. " - comments on dante'
b'yes my song jordan belfort finally charted! i can officially say i listened to it before you bandwagon hoes!'
b'yes of course there are valid issues on both sides.. i agree. sadly blm can only see their side'
b'yes sir " to everything face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'yesssss love how ellie n chloe have a bucket by their bed x good night or what?'
b'yesterday at for the champagne spray in my bikini \xf0\x9f\x91\x99\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f loved it! great day x'
b'yesterday, did not go with zubair, saqib to baqai university to attend the seminar because i had to do my home work assigment,! smile'
b'yesterday i ate too many cinnamon candies and actually burned my tongue a bit. it felt weird all day! guess what i am eating right now.'
b'yesterday is gone. today is okay. tomorrow will be better.'
b'yesterday night was fun smile'
b'yesterday was such a calm fun night smiling face with halo'
b'yes! " : so we need to do something now'
b"yes, women's rights in the workplace, but what about men? do we care about paternity leave?"
b'yes. yes i love when people do not talk to me. and then they do not tell me why they have not been talking.'
b'yes you are your perfect smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x80\x94 thank you smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'yet another disgusting " christian " cover up. this time from the hillsong happy-clappies. via'
b"yet another ad targeting apple's new"
b'yet another shitty day to add to this shitty year.'
b"yet he did nothing when there was actual anti-semetic, anti -black and anti -mexican hate crimes in '11 -12"
b"yet she is being pushed into oblivion out of political correctness and that's not right."
b'yg needs my prayers bc i do not want him to lose his sanity and for my babies to come back to me.'
b'safeguard its prob my favorite aside from kill confirmed'
b'yhh im gonna take up release some pent up frustration'
b'yixing is reunited with his brothers good let me slap this news to the people who said that he will also left exo'
b'mama do not cry. your pretty face will get ruined,,,'
b'i dreamt you were here and you were telling me something very important but i was waking up!'
b"yodel has apologised after one of its workers left a parcel in an unusual'safe place '"
b'yo everyone watch the cs go stream! we front row for my butt 9 game'
b"yoga canceled bc of cultural appropriation? yoga is based on danish gymnastics and the ymca. it's white y'all"
b'yoga class cancelled over cultural appropriation concerns. by this standard no one should learn a foreign language!'
b'yo gurl needs to learn how to french braid so i can french braid my hair for work'
b'~say quietly. pieces were coming back to me but they did not make sense. the glimpse of me, blonde long hair in braids, ~'
b'yo guys this is not so good because my ipod died weary face weary face'
b"xmas shopping, writing book, dinners. was planning to see sn\xc3\xb6vit but it was sold out. smile glad it's a success & cont into '16!"
b'yo it would be sick to have a female president but hilary clinton is not right for the job, nominate ur boy plz'
b"yo i've got the worst sore throat and cough ever tired face"
b'you rock! i am so out of it. i never pay attention.'
b'to feel the ground by walking with barefoot is to feel our origin. the lord god formed the man of dust from the ground.'
b'yo mama\'s so fat that when i tried to drive around her, i ran out of gas. "'
b"i am sorry ur getting the wrath she can hate & judge bcuz she is behaving no better only god can judge & he's always watching"
b'i cant wait for finding nemo \xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wow, thanks for this info! did not know it. i love that choir part so much, one of his best use of choir, imo'
b"yoo did you guys hear new song it's just like her"
b'yooo mas convention during thanksgiving break starting thursday! can not wait to see me fave speakers & get away for a bit ready? grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'yooo i would kill to go to the game tomorrow night, anyway you can make that happen?'
b'takes us to marlboro country in the philippines, where the grass truly is greener and the sky and sea'
b'yo someone screenshot her tweet i have a stupid android ://'
b'yo travis miles just said " an old friend once told me : you\'ve gotta fight the good fight " threeee doooooooooggg awoooooooooo'
b'yo you and got a classic with this conversations track. this newark album is really a great piece of work'
b'you a cool kid and i wish i could be you'
b'you adorable jerks! i love you so much ha'
b"you ain't doing shit but mooching. you think i care?"
b"you ain't foolin nobody."
b"you ain't gotta lie to kick it i swear ima fuck with you more when i know you keep it 100 all the time like really!"
b"you ain't never jumped out the water you used to swimming that means you never jumped off the porch, no type of sports"
b'you all laughed at me when i put macaroni in my pockets before the game, but i laughed at you when i ate it for a snack at halftime.'
b'you already made my day by giving me this shout out smile'
b'you always got something to say. smart ass mouth.'
b'you always have homework & when you finish it all... you still have homework. even on the day you do not have any homework, you do'
b'you and your scientology shit is disgusting! all respect'
b'you and your " sidekick " need to watch what you say about me and my sister.'
b'you are 28 years old and you want to progress in your career but you do not know what is linkedin.'
b'you are a blessing and i appreciate each one of you'
b'you are always spread of joy and happiness in the ocean. be optimistic no matter how intense circumstances.'
b'you are attracted to a wide variety of new ideas during this t... more for capricorn'
b'you are in a stressful frame of mind today and things that are... more for taurus'
b'you are missing from me. pensive face'
b'you are my hero my world earth globe asia australia my sunshine my everything cyclone please take a second and follow me \xe2\x99\xa1 pls ilysm shooting star x500'
b'you are my perfect queen! i love you. please follow me smile xo'
b'you are pretty smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"you are the best thing, that's ever been mine"
b'you are the finest, loveliest, tenderest (sic ), and most beautiful person i have ever known -- and even that is an understatement.'
b'you are too full of life to be half loved'
b'you are tooooo pretty for 17 years old girl babe! ha btw, you sekolah mana? \xe2\x80\x94 smile thank you. section 9'
b'you are wise beyond ur years ; i am sure ur parents/family are proud wisdom ill come'
b'you as leader always inspired to give our best. wishing you loads of happiness on your'
b'you better be at swimming tonighg'
b'you better go in the kitchen and eat \'cause i am not cooking when we get home! "'
b'you better go release them demons woman face with tears of joy got some sexual frustration built up'
b'you called trans people " sick mental patients ".. that\'s preaching hate pouting face'
b"you can always count on sexy euro sluts for a good ole porkin ' but am"
b'you can call my phone at four in the morning, you can ride shotgun everytime i am rolling'
b'you can get an attitude w me but as soon as i say something to you i am the bad person and need to watch, like wth?!?'
b'you can hate me or you can love me, but in the end only god can judge me.'
b'you can have a big ass wish list of nice things but if you do not put the time in you will not get shit. i work everyday for a reason'
b'you can have a great life while you make mine a nightmare'
b'you can have all the money in the world it do not mean shit if you fake'
b'you can know someone for so long but not actually know them. time has nothing to do with real friendship.'
b"you can lay here in the moss choose to fall in line, i've been laying in the dark think i'll be just fine"
b'you can make your life is your heaven either your worst nightmare the choice is yours.'
b'you can not run game on someone that knows the game lol no'
b"you can now find my lp notebooks and coasters at press books. coffee. vinyl - good it's a coffee shop. and a book"
b'you can sense a shift in the cosmic energy as beautiful venus... more for aquarius'
b'you can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.'
b'you can not be subtle with niggas because they do not take hints well. you damn near gotta throw the pussy on their noses.'
b"you can not get restless when mom does not want to put her coat on to go outside \xf0\x9f\x98\x8awhen you're hungry and its lunch time awareness"
b'you can not handle my swag. smiling face with sunglasses keep clam and suit up gentleman. necktie swag & class i do both. \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f winking face necktie'
b'you cant keep these kids off the internet.. its their world. " damn right'
b'you can not kill terrorism with kindness'
b'you can not make people appreciate or value you but you can make them wish they did.'
b"you can not screenshot a face to face conversation. that's why i do not do the text/phone shit. get caught up if you want to."
b'you can not teach an old dog new tricks. you can not teach a cat anything, ever.'
b"you can not tell me you ain't got no love for me"
b"you could have all the drive in the world but remember you'll always need gas"
b'you could move a mountain and tweeps will still hate/judge for farting'
b'you could really feel with love between these 2! congratulations mr and mrs wang!'
b'you could win a love your skin instant results gift set with'
b'you deserve rounds tonight, shout out to my home boy drizzy'
b'you did not allow for capitalism to " take care " of shit. you forced socialism into the system and now complaining about it.'
b'you did not see that shit dirty d keeps it classy! smile'
b'you do favors & you remain uncredited.'
b"you do not care one little bit.. it's okay because i am losing interest too"
b'you do not care, you never did, you do not give a damn about it'
b'you do not close a sale ; you open a relationship if you want to build a successful business. " patricia fripp via'
b'you do not have to compromise convictions to be compassionate'
b'you dont have to say everything to be a light. sometimes a fire built on a hill will bring interested people to your campfire'
b'you dont have to say it'
b'you do not have to say that you\'d love to, but baby please that you\'d want to, someday " - memory serves -'
b'you do not know how many stores i visited to find those frames - kudos to my dd for an awesome job on senior gifts!'
b"you do not know me but you're sooo gorgeous \xe2\x80\x94 awh thank you!"
b'you do not know what a good friend is until you call them daily, bullshit around talk about you day and say talk to you later'
b"'you do not look sick! ' the words every person with a chronic illness hates to hear | metro"
b'you do not love being late. you hate being earlier face with tears of joy cactus'
b'you do not need a doctor when you are stressed all you need is a journey -takdos - [pic ] \xe2\x80\x94'
b'you do not need to do much to put a smile on my face. just a dumb meaningless text is all it takes'
b'you drink too much. hit the stair master'
b"you'd think by the way the mr. reacted, the credit card company increasing my credit limit was a bad thing. smiling face with sunglasses"
b'you ever play call of duty n wish you could be that cool? guess what, there is a thing you can sign up for and do that in real life'
b'you feed off of the energy of a group, but you do not actually... more for aquarius'
b'you fine bro mind them'
b'you fuckin wit a bitch who do not give ah fuck'
b'you get a for that one'
b'you get home and realize this is not the plate you packed'
b'you go girl! trophy is the favorite female artist - pop/rock at the'
b'you got something i need'
b'you gotta remember to learn'
b'you gotta upload a pic of you eating em and tag him in it like " they are delicious "'
b'you guys are so amazing today! please support us always! ; ) we will give our best'
b'you guys i am up past my bedtime and i do not even care! i mean total am i right? \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'you guys no awkward taylor dancing loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'you guys should listen to adele new song title millon years ago! her voice is so perfect smiling face with heart shaped eyes crying face'
b"you guys, using an old toothbrush to clean the gross corners of my bathroom is one of the best ideas i've ever had."
b'you had one job...'
b"you have no clue how happy i am that my parents are proud i have a fan account they think it's so. cool lol"
b'you have no good reason to smackin your lips and making sucking noises while you eat you make me cringe'
b'you have to a priority to someone for them to at least care about you.'
b'you have to live within your means... stop trying to impress ppl who could careless about you!'
b"'you have unlocked the hangover sticker '"
b'you heard it here folks \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b"you heard it stevie, we're here 4 you ok? cheers"
b"you hurt me? i am ok. you hurt my bestfriend? you're my problem now."
b'you jogging ah? no la i dancing *started dancing *'
b"you just told me i ain't shit i guess im proving it right now"
b"you just wake up every day and hope you can get through it without being devastated before it's over."
b'you know how you think of something & it just being bring back a feeling you do not want to feel again'
b"you know i'd fall apart without you"
b"you know i'd fall apart without you.. do not know how you do what you do 3"
b'you know i\'ll take you to another world " one direction'
b"you know it's cloudy outside when you look outside and there's a lot of clouds."
b"you know it's gonna be a log day when breakfast goes wrong. get me out of this place!"
b"you know it's monday morning when you go to put lipgloss under your eyes rather than concealer"
b"you know it's that time of the year when work starts playing royalty free covers of christmas songs"
b"you know it's time to sleep when it's 1 am and you're thinking of writing love letters"
b'you know it was a fun night when even the rose man was dancing lol face with tears of joy'
b'you know i usually go to bed at like 10 or 11 but its 3am and i could not be more full of life'
b'you know like after you confide in someone w/ like a huge secret you always have that moment of " shit... should i have said that? "'
b'you know living good feeling better \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you know money was getting saved if they had this guy in the film'
b'you know real madrid is playing when ronaldo wants a penalty... again.'
b'you know that feeling when you finish your homework?... because i dont face with tears of joy'
b'you know that moment of satisfaction when you finally understand math? yeah, me neither.'
b'you know, this waking up to pee, but can not go back to sleep shit is for the birds. why you no love me?'
b"you know what i love about this thanks giving is patrick dean's sistine chapel turkeys. can you make prints or something?"
b'you know what makes me hungry? seeing someone w/ a box lunch and then told " lunch time changed, you need to wait 30 minutes! "'
b'you know whats funny... its 4:30pm and i still havent started this assignment, oh wellllllll. weird to think this is my last assignment ever'
b'you know what we could be together for life but you f**ked me last nigth and i was drunk..,'
b'you know when a snail eats smth & you can see it bc their head is semi-transparent. i am glad the snail has a snack but that freaks me out'
b'you know when its really late and you can not sleep so you just binge watch niki and sammy videos... yeah, me too!'
b"you know who'se fucking awesome? mercury. i love him very much he's so cute and funny and smart!"
b'you know your a master procrastinator when its 3:10 and you havent started your 1 page assignment'
b"you know you're really becoming an adult when you're in a happy mood and you find yourself praying that the mood lasts."
b"you know you're such a good friend lee? i may not saying this before but yeah, thank you for being my friend ^^"
b"you know you're sunday is good when you start the day with roast potatoes and a coffee"
b'you know your new bestfriend oh yeah she called you a bitchy slut the other week loooolll'
b'you know you watch too many videos when you start treating the word " bitch " like a period'
b'you ladies are hurting me smile lol. i love both, especially cricket. i think you need to understand how it is played.'
b'you lie to me over and over & then expect me to believe whatever you say!'
b"you listened that's all i needed now you and ya ugly kids can drown in a lake \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'you literally can do anything and everything and not get shit for it but anyone would'
b"you'll always be in my prayers.?"
b"you'll never guess what movie is on right now... independence day?! yes!"
b"you'll never meet the great jester, but if you do, you will not know it's him."
b'you look like a movie, you sound like a song.'
b'you look tired " is just a polite way for someone to tell you that you look like shit.'
b'you make it easier when life gets hard'
b'you make me feel like im loosing my virginity! -humming bird heart beat?'
b'you may feel as if you need more attention from others today a... more for taurus'
b'you may only post in this thread if your favorite nfl team is a massive disappointment'
b'you mean to tell me i have to pay the school to let me wear sweat pants... we will see about that'
b'please come to manchester soon. i miss you. oh and just do not wear a tshirt at all next time.'
b'you might be a d1 athlete but you a d7 dancer -paige &gaborig'
b"you might be considering which of your values aren't reflected... more for aquarius"
b'you must be leaving me love letters in places where i just can not seem to find them'
b'you must be really hurt'
b'you must pick a side! rt i dont root for anyone. i root for the usa. i look at all the data and then i make a decision.'
b'you my fam and i love you to death will kill for ya but i cant keep seeing these tuff ass tweets and you smiling hard as hell in yo avi'
b"you need to face the truth already. that's never going to happen. ever."
b'you need to have something calls wallets of the owners capitals share whch you invest in instlmnts for other projects'
b'you need to watch what you eat " i watched my bowl of spaghetti for ten minutes now and its safe to say its not threatening at all'
b'you never know homie, about these hoes homie, you need to pump your breaks and drive slow homie.'
b"you never know what might happen when you stand up for yourself, but it's great to see what happens when other"
b"you never know what's going on in someone else's life so you always need to watch what you say and do to them"
b'you never know what you have until you clean your room.'
b'it will not let me see it :(. stupid android. send it to me?\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1 love you'
b'young student does not mince words when it comes to back to school time'
b'fantastic feeling i feel like i can take on the world now but i am gonna go play xbox instead.'
b'is looking forward to facing his old club when visit watford on saturday :'
b'you only got yoself \xf0\x9f\x9a\xb6\xe2\x9c\x85 the rest do not give a fuck my nigga'
b"you put on a show last night. hope you're feeling good this morning."
b'your 1st start was on my bday nov 15, 1992, the year i grad high school. now an rn, married, 4 kids.'
b'your acc is literally perfect & i was really intimidated when you first followed me aha we should talk more xx'
b'your an amazing human and i am glad your all mine. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"your body can do anything, it's just your brain you have to convince."
b'your body is a reflection of what you are. if you want to look healthy you have to eat,sleep, and breathe healthy!'
b'your boring.. i can not do boring'
b"you're a bitch you're a b you're a you're you yo y you you're you're a you're a bi you're a bitch oh, you're still a bitch"
b"\xe2\x9d\x9dyou're a charming gardener that makes my soul blossom \xe2\x9d\x9e thanks for bringing hope & happiness into my life i love you"
b"\xe2\x9c\x85\xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f - you're a complete fag & ily more than anything & you need to hook me up"
b"you're all so considerate. it's crazy."
b'you really made my day la sayang. ai kenot lah macamni loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"you're a shark and im swimming"
b"you're as pretty as your soul"
b'youre beautiful? are you single? can we go out? \xe2\x80\x94 thank you! no, i am not. no, cause idk who you are. lol'
b"you're different from the others, and that's attractive af smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"you're dragged down by the very people who claim they're trying to inspire."
b"you\xe2\x80\x99re going to be angry that apple is getting rid of the iphone headphone jack. but here\xe2\x80\x99s why you'll still buy it"
b"hibiscus you're gorgeous and you and your boyfriend are soooo cute!"
b"\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8- you're gorgeous girl! you & your boyfriend are cute! smile"
b"you're happy it's friday and maybe you're in a good mood, too. following will cure that."
b'you\'re like an indian summer in the middle of winter, like a hard candy with a surrrprise center. " -'
b"you're like the fast lane west bound. you feel like a windows rolled down. i cant wait until we get there, somewhere sunny and 75"
b"you're my bestfriend!"
b"\xf0\x9f\xa6\x84: you're my bestfriend, you are a hottie and you're forever here for me, and so am i smiling face with halo i love you"
b"you're my everything"
b"\xe2\x9d\xa3- you're my fav loudly crying face you're so nice &sweet &im so glad we are getting closer, i know you're gonna do big things in life &cant wait for season \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"you're my kryptoniteeeee! 3 rt als je dit herkent (((one direction )"
b"you're my main nigga even tho ur white. sometimes you're an ass, but i know that's how you show your love fam. smirking face you make me want to puke"
b'youre not an athlete nor dancer when you dont have leg muscles tbh'
b"you're not getting older, you're getting better. 3 you"
b"you're nothing more than just a pretty face."
b"you're not interested in defending your feelings against attac... more for aquarius"
b"you're not really a disney fan and certainly not a dove fan if you try to hurt others just because they're happy."
b"you're perfect man \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f forever wishing i have a relationship like you & tony loudly crying face i love you, mya &taylin alot face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"you're really lovely underneath it all. and you want to love me underneath it all. and i am really lucky underneath it all."
b"\xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8e\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84-you're so funny lol i hate what you be doin to me in 6th hour though"
b"you're so nice and you're so smart you're such a good friend i have to break your heart i tell that ily then i tear your world apart"
b"you're so nice! i love sleeping on planes - they're ruining my vibe lol! i got to tell them to shut it in a nice way."
b"you're such a good friend"
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbf\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3-you're such a good friend and i trust you"
b"birthday cake you're such a good friend and you always know how to cheer me up relieved face"
b"you're such a good friend, god bless you"
b"\xf0\x9f\x98\x83: you're such a good friend & i hope life is good to you bc you deserve it smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"you're such a good friend. lol not"
b"you're such a good friend shania, thank you for being one of mine! blue heart \xe2\x80\x94 aw cutie x"
b"\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f : you're such a good friend & so pretty & i guess you can be thick. always remember where home is winking face"
b"you're such a good friend to have i mean your strong and wise at some points at such a young age"
b'you\'re such a good friend " " you\'re like a brother to me " " i wish there were nice guys out there like you'
b"you're the best part of my everyday."
b"you're tweets are so great"
b"you're welcome, chick. you're so awesome. repay you for the 1000's of hours you kept me entertained in your stream and off stream. 3"
b'your eyes are like mini oceans! so pretty! :3 \xe2\x80\x94 thank you anon. kissing face with closed eyes'
b"laying in the dark. it's only 1 in houston"
b'your governor is being a jerk to we love and your lame attacks will not work.'
b'your grass is only greener because its artificial'
b'your great im so very happy you showed me 2 succeed on ur program i have made in 4 weeks'
b'" your gut feelings are usually accurate and correct. if you truly feel there\'s something, chances are there is. "'
b"your hair has grown so long since the last time we talked... it's been too long"
b"no i don't. they are words written by people. i have no good reason to think a god was involved. nor do you."
b'your idea or definition of success in life will determine the type of people you attract or are attracted to in life.'
b'your life is a blessing remember that! appreciate the things and people god blessed you with!'
b'your life is fucked if your biggest concerns are relationship goals rn'
b"your life seems to grow crazier today, as if everything hasn't... more for aries"
b'your local barnes & noble northcross has joined social media keep up with us here for great holiday events happening in store!'
b'your marriage is what you make it. so.. mine will be tf happy and full of children and allat good groovy shit.'
b'your moods continue to shift throughout the day and your curre... more for aquarius'
b'love you so much. i will miss my family \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'your not going to believe this but were on facebook - check us out'
b'your parents must be so proud of you,,'
b'your parents should be proud of you coz ur addicted to twitter not to drugs. tama ha'
b'your perfect honestly why you so cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x80\x94 uhh im not but thank you!'
b"your pretty face ain't gon get you nowhere if your personality is crappy"
b'your pretty face is a piece of art \xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8.'
b'your pretty face turned into a pretty big waste of time'
b'your really going to accomplish something with your life you know that?'
b'your relationship just ended which means your life ended too!'
b'your sapiosexual girlfriend gets angry when you can not recite the periodic table before you eat'
b"your snapchat story doesnt even count unless the person you want to see it has seen it. until then it's like it does not even exist."
b'thanks. made my day better. you really thrive for attention dont you. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'\xf0\x9f\x94\xb1your such a waste of a pretty face trident emblem'
b'your ugly personality ruins your pretty face.'
b'your work ethic has to match the level of greatness you wanna get to.'
b"you say it's too late to make it but is it too late to try?"
b'you say wanna!, but do you wanna runaway? a great escape'
b'you say you do not care but you can see the hurt in your eyes'
b'you say you love rain, but you use an umbrella to walk under it. you say you love sun, but seek shelter when it shines.'
b'you say you love the rain, but you open up your umbrella every time it rains'
b"you say you wanna stay by my side darlin ', your head's not right"
b'you scaring me lmfao'
b'you seem like a basketball player! \xe2\x80\x94 i am thank you!'
b'you see these four guys? yeah, see, these guys mean so much to me. i love them so much.'
b'you should always date someone with tattoos, they are obviously not afraid of long term commitment.'
b'you shoulda never doubted me'
b'you should be in bed get some sleep'
b'you should have never doubted me.'
b'you should make a video playing dead ops 2 on bo3'
b"you shouldn't have never doubted me ima work til my last breath"
b"you shouldn't never doubted me!"
b"you should sleep but when you're sleep i am bored lmfaoooo"
b"you should've never doubted me"
b'you should write a fucking book on how to destroy a tv show dumb cunts'
b"you smoke? - no. - you have a cigarette in his hand. - true? - really. - it's a shame, a pancake. so smoke."
b'you stole my happy, you made me cry, took the lonely and took me for a ride.'
b"you sure? okay, yes, he was dead, but he's pretty much confirmed to be coming back"
b'youth has been pretty fun \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'you think i am afraid of isis? bitch i am from detroit! " i mean i am really from but that made my day!'
b"you think i am shit. well, you're wrong. cause i am champagne. and you're shit. and till the day you die, you, not me, will always be shit."
b"you think it's cool to hate things. and it's not. it's boring. talk about what you love and keep quiet about what you don't."
b"you told me that i ain't sh*t, i guess i am proving that right now"
b'you took a piece of me and i let you. and that will never happen again. " - cristina yang'
b'25 likes on this tage before 12 pm pacific tmrw and i do a face reveal'
b"fix up pls. all because 12 year olds stumble across videos that aren't meant for them does not mean you have to fuck people about"
b'fix your system please stream has been taken down 3 times to fake claims'
b'i can not change my youtube name can you help me'
b'i fell asleep with the book on my chest woke up and upon seeing it the first thought that went through my mind,,and the song!!dora'
b'i am sure you know this, social media manager for youtube. why do not the engineers know it? which marketing guy needs a mob visit?'
b'is already destroying my hopes and dreams before i even got started on the website.'
b'lol you will make ur page go to trash'
b'maybe there should be another variant for girls, too smile'
b'big kiss honey i love really your music big kiss bebe'
b'apparently lost their fucking minds. they have to be trying to be this stupid.'
b'subscribe my channel guys on youtube my channel name is how in hindi'
b'the greatest version of single ladies. beyonce was like get back to work bitch'
b'think about it everybody inbetween is a dog'
b'this documentary is less than 20 years old but poor technical quality. a bad copy?'
b'this is a small wedding who cares'
b'this song makes me sad and makes me think of someone'
b'youtube to stream london summer paralympics live'
b'why am i getting people that i am not subscribed too on my subscription feed?'
b'you failed us all of us well i am ready for every one to get banned'
b'you guys suck at running your own website. get a fucking clue'
b'you turn pink when you step out of the hot shower.'
b"you unfollow me because you're afraid of falling in love with me, i know."
b'you use to be my bestfriend but you changed that ur self'
b'you usually corny but this video was kinda okay " well i usually like my mentions but today you\'re in em'
b"you've been asked to have your say on the nhs. you just do not know about it"
b"you've got to keep it real : the astonishing power of authentic praise"
b'you wanna increase your presence? be sure to watch this video'
b'you want her back? then come and get her and her bestfriend'
b'you were fantastic today. take a bow hazard. just continue this form and costa should wear his scoring boots now'
b'you were more then just a pretty face'
b'you will get back what you give stressing me out'
b"you will need an because it's gonna tomorrow as am showers."
b"you with the long quiet sighs when you're having a bad day."
b'you will not ever catch me losing sleep over someone i do not even wake up to sleeping face'
b'you would not know this was happening in england! great support for stan at the o2'
b'you would piss me off before my game.'
b'you would rather fuck with a little junkie ass bitch while i am here waiting for you to get out of jail wtf is wrong with these mfs i swear'
b"you would think after 17 years of school i'd have motivation to finish strong.."
b'you would\'ve thought that the most uttered phrase in a lab would be " eureka ", but all i hear is " i am tired " and " this protocol is shit ". good'
b'then do not talk shit. why everybody in crosby always salty? take the l and get on with you life.'
b'yo you write that new song yet?'
b'shit in da flat dry, cant get cocktail cant get the weed man to slide so na jus praying this snow shit make everybody else day shitty'
b'yu and i am not feeling good this morning! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'yuck " : i\'d pick my nose and lick it sef in front of her "'
b'lick me mum'
b'yuck sperm prolly taste like a salt lick & sewage'
b'yugyeom my gorgeous boyfriend whom i love so much i want him to be happy always'
b'yum, i just had lemon garlic dressing on my salad, it was delicious! looking forward on trying different flavors.'
b'yummy fruits from tesco. specially the mangoes which are delicious.'
b'i was kinda hoping you were cuhz i was gonna spit mad shit at everywhere loudly crying face'
b"i've listened to it so many times i downloaded it from yt to mp3 on my phone immediately. can not wait for warlord"
b'i am immortal'
b'yup had good dinner. got to lick dads plate with gravy on it n mom gave me lil pieces of her pot roast. puppy eyes always does it'
b'yup. my guess is right. disappointed face'
b'yup... this about sums it up.'
b'yvestlarent harry_styles when we meet can i braid your hair'
b'nice at all'
b'i thought this said nutleaf and laughed for like a solid minute.'
b"if i was leaving in the usa not australia and had tinder, with no questions asked i would've swiped right for sure."
b'what do you think of making a video on the channel her?'
b"steph is special tho coach walton said only other work ethic he's seen like stephs is i love watching steph."
b'receiving the nba finals mvp trophy should guarantee a happy mood for 5 + years easily.'
b"i had this argument in one of my classes like ugh it's considered a freaking sandwich"
b'really sick art man! could you send me a dm? smile'
b'says atlantans love burgers and that we love arguing about who has the best burger almost as much.'
b'we do not have school wednesday'
b'thanks brotha! love you too man, keep up the hard work!'
b"&' its from olive garden, so you know its real loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'do not ya worry smile 2016 will be your year af smile black heart suit'
b'i love you black heart suit'
b'i am hurting, please follow me, i love you so fucking much'
b'wow busy day for fast horse. they spoke at brand matters this morning and it was great!'
b'can i have a hug?'
b'shame my friend, i am jc at home i am going to chill eithe few friends just now,'
b'thanks for the follow guys :)x'
b'i took this pic ages ago im glad i finally can use it'
b'it would be great to see you hosting a date a the new house. too pretty to be alone.'
b'fantastic. all love to you. you are such a great role model. your parents should be incredibly proud.'
b'makes my day all the time i love her shes so cute'
b'please do not ever get plastic surgery or botox or anything. you so beautiful!'
b'what time will you be in the nyc pop up shop weary face the anticipation is killing me'
b'my message was in this video i am shook'
b'zero down - 0 % apr financing - zero payments till summer tax season sale!'
b'your videos always get me in a happy mood smile'
b'you should i have a degree in sleep with a phd in naps'
b'hahahaha spm, nightmare once in a life time, mungkin twice kalau repeat face with tears of joy'
b"love how he uses the term suspect, like he was an actual cop, but couldn't pass an intro criminal justice class"
b"you're doing an awesome job miss volunteer"
b'true test of character'
b'happy birthday baby girl! hope you have an amazing day filled with lots of alcohol! miss and love you lots \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you for the reply, can you please dm us your email address and we will look into this'
b'zombie on field attack. that would be awesome'
b'girlll no one got time for yelling i was taking in some box of cloths i order online face with tears of joy weary face'
b'zo slapen 3 dreams about of. him my love forever and always never break no ends!'
b'no, not yet. but plan to do my home work on both before i sign any contract/papers etc.'
b'think they bring back the greys?'
b'zumbawear is super excited to join the twitter craze and will keep you updated on the latest fitness fashion!'
b"05:35am & i've better gonna back 2 sleep now. last half hour ago i had annoying dream about my ex. why the hell i dream about guy i hate!?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'100% failed both physics exams great'
b"100% gonna have to go out for tea tonight because i'll either burn the house down or give myself food poisoning if i make it myself confused face"
b'10/10 thanks for replying'
b'102 out of 100 on an exam is a great thing to see'
b'cant wait to hear you talk about the nfl problems. dying to hear what you think about it!'
b'105 degrees and a drought. i really do not know why i do not love socal face with tears of joy'
b"10 days until grey's anatomy comes back on. i am on season 3.. i think i can catch up in time hahah"
b'10 hours of clinicals & i still did not wanna leave today. i am so ready to be working in the hospital doing what i love smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'11 days till i finally get to go to :))'
b'11 hour shift tomorrow on my day off... love that'
b'11 months with this perfect guy \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb, happy we get through things and become a stronger relationship bear face'
b'11 pm : i think i might go to bed early tonight 3 am : lol'
b'120 seconds into the fault within our stars, shits going to be real uplifting.'
b'ahhhh have fun baby girl do not do too many drugs 333'
b'12 hour play rehearsals every day are so much fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'1/2 received a text from a company i applied to a long time ago inviting me for an exam and initial interview. wanted to make things sure, i'
b'12 year old conversation : hey hey wats up nm wbu same cool so who do you like you oh ok do you like me yea lets date ok ily ily2'
b'12 years of school and i am still not sure if it\'s " grey " or " gray "'
b'13 hour day at school, i can finally sleep know since i got home about 1 and a half hour ago, good night'
b'algebra got the best of me'
b'15. 6 years in jail is a fair term & i am glad he will now be used as a jailhouse bitch or pin cushion. i just feel sorry for the kids.'
b'180 minute state exam is just what i wanna do today'
b"but he's a gunner do not you know"
b"i miss you more.. i've been working so much.. i have not had a day off since last wednesday.."
b'1998: stop playing pokemon and go outside 2016: stop playing pokemon and come inside'
b'1% battery left and you run like a ninja to get your charger.'
b'1 class cancelled. in my only other class i am watching a movie.'
b'1 class next week, 4 papers and presentations, one week, finals and done for a month! i cant wait'
b'1d is fixing to kill me smiling face with heart shaped eyes they are gonna perform love you goodbye on ellen god my faves and my favorite song'
b'1. go to police station 2. say a gang mugged you 3. describe your own relatives to police sketch artist 4. claim free family portrait'
b'1 hour and 15 minute experiment after class smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"1 hour nap turned into a 2 and a half hour nap... did not get a legit amount of sleep last night, s/o to my body you know what's good 4 me lmao"
b"1 in 5 bosses will let you leave work early if you claim to have 'lady problems ' then start crying. it works even better for guys!"
b'such a nice thing to say!'
b'hey last tweet 4 a few days.. things getting busy. so be safe be careful be well have a great weekend ;-):-) enjoy family time.'
b'1st road test passed.. on to the next one tuesday another great team win 14 assists. beast game by nae!'
b"1. this weekend has turned my life upside down 2. i just realized finals are in like 2 weeks & i still do not know what's going on 3. i suck"
b"1 time at the beach a guy was swimming in the ocean yelling 'help! shark! help! '. i just laughed, i knew that shark was not going to help him"
b'1. woman from mark zuckerberg has coused a lot of pain, becouse she has given to me a lot of poison into food and is destroing my hair too'
b'2004: fear that people of the internet find me in real life. 2013: fear that real life people find me on the internet.'
b'did not you say you were going to sleep like a half hour ago.'
b"2013 is almost over and -i lost no weight-didn't learn anything-haven't made an effort to save money-still ugly"
b'2014 is in 1 month and i still write 2012 on my school papers.'
b'2014 is so close i can almost taste the lips i will not be kissing on new years eve'
b'208 books are on my to-read list right now. i should not add anything else until i get that list under 200.'
b'20 minutes of laundry at 1 am. awesome'
b"2 1/2 gym session went fantastic... i love that feeling when you feel like you're gonna faint and throw up from how hard you push yourself"
b'2 + 2 = fish. 3 + 3 = eight. 7 + 7 = triangle. rt if you get it!'
b"dollars for a drake ticket? just hold on we're staying home"
b'25km cycle back from dropping car for a service, need to do lots of then woohoo! actually love it no'
b'26 and my mama sits on the phone with me while i whimper about being covered in hives.'
b'2 computers singing mj while playing 6 tables. caught in the act lol. i am such a good singer you guys...'
b'2 days is just not enough for a weekend. unamused face'
b'2 fantastic awards evenings at g &w for the class of 2015. good luck and best wishes to them all'
b'2 headphones in : dont talk to me 1 headphone in : dont talk to me no headphones in : dont talk to me'
b'2 hours later... an hour is added! excellent'
b'2 hours of sleep'
b'2 minutes feels like 500 thousand years to wait for the damn bell to ring so i can get the fuck out of school'
b'2 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter.'
b'2 months till exams, woohoo'
b'2 people already had dreams about death related to my little sister.'
b'2 reasons why im fat 1) i eat when i am bored 2) im always bored'
b"2 second picture break up on reporting scotland when the yes guy is speaking... bbc's fault no doubt they are ruining democracy..."
b'2 stubborn people = arguments 24/7 face without mouth'
b'2 tests, microbiology lab final, 1 research paper, plus hours of homework all due in the same week good'
b'2 years later and bangerz is still relatable to my life \xf0\x9f\x94\xa5\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b"2 years to wait for something like this again... but it's worth it"
b'30am fire drill was just wonderful. unamused face'
b'30am then realizing its tonight and leaves in 30 minutes'
b'30 freezer meal ideas for busy moms | great idea for making dinner time easier!'
b'30 people were arrested at an aerosmith concert in 1978 for smoking and drug possession - the band bailed all of them out after the show.'
b'3 -11 shift is my love'
b"3 12-hours shift i need that he'll i would fucking love that! let me get it please"
b'31 - gladwin with nice some nice play across the top of the box, threatening at the moment.'
b"well that's going to get you what you want."
b"3 bad days in a row... body you're doing great"
b'3 benchmarks tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thats like me being a hero, for saving a baby, from a fire that i intentionally set'
b'3 essays, 2 due next week pensive face each about 1000 words.'
b'3 essays due and 2 tests tomorrow... gotta love being in college'
b'3 horrible facts : today is not friday tomorrow is not friday the day after is not friday'
b'3 horrible things in life :1) seeing your mom cry. 2) seeing the love of your life fall in love with somebody else. 3) slow internet.'
b'3 hour drawing class is exactly where i want to be right now...'
b'3 hour game design class... good'
b'3 hour lab... ye thats what i want to do right now...'
b'3 hours is reasonable'
b'3 hours of doing nothing before work sounds great'
b'3 hours till my birthday and i am stuck babysitting and my family is no where to be found'
b'3 lab reports, 4 quizzes, 2 worksheets, and 2 exams! all in the past 48 hours... tell me again not to get faded tonight sleeping face'
b'thinks i am copying her tweets..'
b'3 papers due this week lml smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'3 rules for life :1. fuck 2. do not give a fuck 3. do not get fucked over'
b'3 tests and 2 quizzes tomorrow in exchange for a week break from school good'
b'3 years ago today was actually thanksgiving. how fucked up is that? thanks obama!'
b'420 -247: premokid : off my old camera so look kinda pants so i... - or'
b'48 degrees right now i been sick since other night -- think time to move south again sis! happy ((('
b'49% of this class failed the exam. " that\'s how great of a math professor i have.'
b"4 hours of sleep is enough for an entire busy day tomorrow yeahhh i'll survive"
b'4hrs of sleep how great is that?! ha unamused face *note the sarcasm'
b'4hrs of sleeping'
b'4 hrs sleep and i am up & raring to go \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1 sleeping face'
b'4 more days before payday.'
b"4 o 'clock and i am laying in bed blasting music so yeah... incase anybody wanted to know how boring my life is"
b'4 sme rain means badness, iv me rain has always symbolized great things ahead so i wanna thank you god early evn if this time ive misspoken'
b'4 subjects to go and i will leave this school smiling face with heart shaped eyes good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'levi stadium " everybody " wanna go in there but they'
b'i have not received it up front yet though. i just did not get the advance yet just like cut me out as producer on...'
b'i put in nada they put in dolla$ heres ma litter &fill it up 100 i put in zero they put in 100s ha i jus fill her upp'
b'50 shades of done with your bullshit'
b'5 1/2 hours of sleep, sure i am ready for a 6am practice'
b'5-1 is the final result. this side is something special! their free flowing football is an absolute work of art!'
b'520 million dogs in the world and you think i need you lol'
b"52% of people are women... that means my penis is larger than over half of earth's population. things just keep getting better."
b'54 degrees outside and we have the doors in our office.'
b'57 days " party in the usa \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'5 and half hour of sleep left oh no my end is near : " -( need to get more sleep man'
b"5c and rain does not make good weather for work or cycling. what can you do when it's like that?!?!"
b'5 classes and 17 units good for spring'
b"5 doctors line up behind a blue sheet. what's hidden behind? i can not stop smiling!"
b'5 hour exam tomorrow and i can barely breathe out my nostrils and i cough constantly for about 5 minutes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes can not wait'
b'5 hours of sleep.'
b'5 indian women die per hour in childbirth according to who and we really needed our prime minister on world tour for its solution.'
b'5 kinds of fear : - panic - terror - 15 missed calls from mom - wrong password - we need to talk'
b'5 min before you leave for a meeting. and you grab the hairspray bottle instead of dry shampoo.'
b'5 minutes until i get off work... perfect time to try out the fire alarm system.'
b"5% of girls can pull off highwasted shorts the other 95% look like they're wearing a damn diaper"
b'5 period is my fav face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'5pm & closing down my laptop is the perfect time for 13 updates to take place. no inconvenience at all'
b'5 showers later and i am still covered in hives. maybe i am allergic to myself.'
b"me too sad i am trying to not really think about it lol. i hope so too! go have fun for us that couldn't make it haha!"
b'5sos should make a live album for sgfg and name is sounds live feels live like the tour bc i need a live album omfg 5sos'
b'omg i was the 3 thousandth retweet, i deserve a follow smile'
b"even tho i can not even draw on my 3ds (it's so hard wthh ) i liked getting cute notes from my friends weary face & sending them dumb stuff heh"
b'5 words that win my heart : " wanna go out for breakfast? "'
b'5. yelled " hey i love myself and i dont need anybody else " once every 30 seconds 6. done the worst forrest gump impression i\'ve ever heard'
b'thanks for the sarcasm. lol. it was totally a better time back then.'
b'6. 15am. just got busted a new one by but still smiling lol'
b'69% of people are able to find something dirty in every sentence.'
b'6am came round way too fast. i sleeping is such a chore. unamused face'
b'6 days! less than a week! literally dancing with excitement'
b'6 hour wait in the city. loving it.'
b'70 abandoned old buildings.. left alone to die, halloween in ohio i love the upper floor with shutte'
b'74% of teenagers drink alcohol and do drugs. retweet if you like ice cream.'
b"yay. eddie davies isn't pouring any money into the club and we can not even get any loan players in right now."
b'7 billion people in the world and i have like 3 friends'
b"7o 'clock & it still takes 15 minutes to go 1 mile to exit i95?!?!? get the politics out of the way & fix these traffic issues!"
b'7th graders nowadays are worried about dating & drugs. when i was in 7th grade my main concern was how i was getting out of running the mile'
b"829 you're so adorable face with tears of joy you're so quiet in asb but just wait till i get back to school ans we are gonna be talking up a storm winking face face with tears of joy"
b'83 slides to study and memorize by wednesday yaaass i love college'
b'85 question math review to do over break! good'
b'888 casino surprise players with raining jackpots'
b'8 am classes on fridays next semester rip me'
b'8 am math classes are wonderful.'
b'8 and a half hour day at work on 3 hours sleep, 100% can not do this'
b'8 and a half hour shift tomorrow pensive face i hate working but i love money, and with no money, i can not buy the things i want loudly crying face'
b"8 more days of school then i get 2 months off good then i'll have more time to stalk (watch heaps of vids )"
b'90/100 on my seminar. pretty great for being such a busy week raised fist'
b'he better keep his mouth shut today.'
b'90% of conversations with me : me : who is that me : what are you talking about me : i do not know what that is me : wait what'
b'90% of the people in the " people you may know " feature on facebook are people that i know, but intentionally choose not to be friends with.'
b'90 problems in math due tomorrow and have not even started'
b'9:30 am on a thursday and i am done with class! perks of not having classes on fridays!'
b'930 on my birthday waiting for a met to go to theory test'
b"95% of the time when im smiling at my phone it's bc of something i said, not something someone sent me. im hilarious"
b"96% of scottish mp's voted against the bedroom tax yet it was still put forward. shows how fair the system is"
b"i'd give my right arm to see ac/dc here in atlanta"
b'98% of the cars rick ross mentions he has, he can not even fit in.'
b'99. 9% of my sentences start with oh my god yeah no basically wait so yeah like you know oh um what well but'
b'99% guys get turned on when they see two girls doing this.. check my last tweet and see for yourself.'
b'9am - 9pm work day done. round 2 tomorrow'
b'dorman and west ashley will be close as well... but a 9 beating an 8 is not really an upset... first-ever home p/o game for west ash'
b'9 match accy let down by celtic 1/10 and rangers 1/4 why why why'
b'9 months before i was born, i went to a party with my dad, and left with my mom.'
b'9 out of 10 doctors will agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.'
b'9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. the 10th man prefers the other 9 men.'
b'9 pm : i think i might go to bed early tonight 3 am : dammit! 7 am : ughhh school.. nooo one more minute in bed'
b'9 year olds now worry about iphones and makeup when i was 9 i was worried about if miley was gonna pick jake or jessie on hannah montana'
b'a14b : going to austin in august is essential. that chapter has simply exploded and i know it will be a great'
b'aaaaand breathe and attempt sleep and stop stressing over work you physically can not do and get off of twitter cody'
b'aaaaand so much for going to bed before 1:00 in the morning. i really need to get out of the habit of staying up so late.'
b'aaaah soo hot wow eish this weather thou interested face'
b'it was getting too dry anyway!'
b'1st you insult hindustan of intolerance & now you insult again by using sakshi name for selfish gain'
b'a walk of shame from the 24 hour computer lab grinning face with smiling eyes good me.'
b"aaron rodgers is okay, nothing to sneeze at... you all love calling these good qb's great & elite when they have not done anything yet"
b'a baby-sitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.'
b"a baby's laughter is one of the most beautiful sounds you will ever hear. unless it's 3am. and you're home alone. and you do not have a baby"
b'i love my friends'
b"i passed out last time i gave blood. it's wasn't fun face with tears of joy"
b'i just heard about that thing & met a couple that drove out of there today.'
b'i will till you a way for safe in nuclear test.'
b'police: man shot after several people kick in apartment door via'
b'said by the liar who covered for hillary and obama and spewed their lying benhazi talking points on tv never forget'
b'the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. dems never learn'
b'vote for me as your first female president but dont you dare address my gender.'
b'the obamas tell the world something: the black people can also be corrupt.'
b'what about its failure space research station soon it will tell'
b"he ain't a lil kid that man was working for summer jam ain't no kid get that job"
b'a beautiful face makes people love you. but a beautiful attitude is the one that will make them stay beside you.'
b'a bed designed like a toaster : it just launches your unwilling body out when the alarm goes.'
b"abercrombie & fitch is so dark and loud i do not know if they're selling clothing or the girls from taken."
b'wanna kiss then lick your asshole wet good then fill my dick inside with a hard spank mmmmmmmmmm'
b'a big shoutout to all those people who write answers in textbooks'
b'a big thanks to everyone who decided to piss me off today.. burn alive'
b'a body at rest tends to stay at rest " should be an acceptable excuse for missing work.'
b"about 69% of smokers want to quit completely. here's five ways they can"
b'about 8 days & im going to be whipping automobile face with stuck out tongue'
b'about to be a fun 3 days...'
b'about to board a flight to vegas and taking this plane...'
b'about to do a seminar. serious power point styles'
b'about to go babysit my favorite girls! can not wait to spend some much needed time with them!'
b'about to go to work on a test shoot for someone very special... winking face heavy black heart'
b'about to make up an entire essay good think i am creative smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'about to rip my contacts out and throw them on the floor. -today'
b"about to say, out loud, a word i've only seen in print. wish me luck."
b'about to start a petition to cancel school tomorrow for'
b'about to start this hair process sleepy face rain fucked my day all up'
b'abso love missing the bus'
b'absolute joke the lack of response i am getting from uni staff'
b'absolutely awesome can not wait for the album for christmas " cough cough " \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'absolutely delighted to still be awake at this hour.'
b'absolutely fantastic result'
b'absolutely in love with ppl that ignore me'
b'absolutely love being left to hang'
b'absolutely love being second choice to everybody! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'absolutely love being wide awake like'
b'absolutely love coming back to work - to a day of nothing but mtgs'
b'absolutely love waking up to the sound of the garbage truck out my window...'
b'absolutely loving how i am on a bad school id picture streak unamused face'
b'absolutely no one can text faster than a pissed off woman.'
b'absolutely perfect time to have a fire alarm'
b'absolutely perfect weather for a fire alarm to go off in the residence hall'
b'abt to study for this test & theeeen ima attempt to sleep the rest of the day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'space problems : thought i was barely wet at all because the fit was so good and capacity so high. xd'
b'a bug flew in my nose and my mom is ttippin over mt everest. gee, i dont remember why i was dreading this day at all.'
b'a bunch of gay guys are in a hot tub and a condom floats up.. one of them says " alright! who farted?! "'
b"pretty wet one. you are brave cycling in all the wind and rain we've been having recently. hope all well with you."
b'a cancer will love you so much you wanna be left alone. lmfao'
b'a car with a car rack looked like a police car, so i slowed down, only to realize i had been tricked into obeying the law for no reason.'
b'accept your past without regrets. handle your present with confidence. face your future without fear.'
b'accidentally forgetting your headphones at home is like accidentally leaving your first born child at the gates of hell'
b'accidentally missed the freeway exit for home, now i am heading north to start a new life.'
b'accidentally punched myself in the face while tryin to pull my blanket up & if that doesnt accurately describe my life i dont know what does'
b"accidentally sending smile instead of smile and feeling like you've just offered them your body"
b'accidentally stepping on your pet is the worst thing ever. they trusted you & you stepped on them & they can not even understand your apology.'
b"according to astronomy, when you wish upon a star, you're actually a few million years too late. that star is dead. just like your dreams."
b'according to the 19 citations i got for trespassing and peeping, " neighborhood watch " isn\'t what i thought it was.'
b'according to the life plans i have set out, we have another 7 years to wait.'
b'according to webmd i have something called " your computer is not connected to the internet "'
b'accounting problems about tacos makes homework so much more fun!'
b'ac has to be the biggest party campuses in america'
b'i had a lot of fun with it when i homebrewed it but then i bricked the thing, lost all my saves, and it was never the same'
b"they're great though i love crash course. i used it to review for my ap bio exam face with tears of joy"
b'a cliffhanger is just like a regular hanger, except you have to... wait for it'
b'acne is so rude like hi bitch i did not ask you to invade my skin thanks though for being a piece of shit'
b"good luck with your new drummer then! i am sure he'll be loved."
b'a coke bottle just exploded and it just gushed water everywhere. on my laptop. and on my fucking sketchbook. life is great. life is great.'
b"a convenient thing about friending people from your high school on facebook is that you'll never need to buy a book of inspirational quotes"
b'a cop stopped me & asked " do you know why i followed you " so i said " because my tweets are funny " & we laughed & high-fived & i am in jail'
b'a coworker just told me i look tired and i said thanks and he was like that wasnt a compliment.. well that made my day so much better'
b"a creepy guy called me beautiful and asked for my number.. i said i wasn't looking for a boyfriend right now..."
b'you seem like a person who likes good music. you should give this a listen.'
b'activision fucked up big time. the new cod black ops 3 is disappointing to say the least. thanks for nothing.'
b'actors kiss each other for like 7 seasons and do not fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for like 4 months'
b'actually if you get in a argument just contact me ill do the arguing for you im the best at fights'
b'actually love arguments hahahahah'
b'actually love missing the bus'
b'actually using the cord that came with my phone...'
b'actual voice mail : " this is your mother. i just texted you but i do not know how to make the facey-things so... happy face at the end. "'
b"you know me so well it's sad"
b'i get all excited to wake up and then nada'
b'but like in ponr it would be like the cloaked phantom walking up to the microphone cool'
b'why would they go on hiatus if he did not do anything wrong? i do not get it!'
b'great to hear adam love his queen performance great to hear is solo work'
b"good luck this weekend! you suck bc i am currently in physics and you aren't weary face"
b'adding " and shit " to the end of any sentence makes it sound cooler and shit.'
b'adding to the fun i am completely covered in hives now unamused face'
b'add me on snapchat for really awkward snaps yay?'
b'adele : " are you breaking up with me? hold on, let me grab a pen. "'
b'adele gets her heart broken and writes a album. i get my heart broken and write a textl " i have your sunglasses. "'
b"nah do not think they'll help mate but thanks, nah i've just fucked up ha story of my life x"
b"adele holy i've been waiting for this for 4 years i love you"
b"adele's 25 album makes me wanna cry for the rest of my life, it's so beautiful i cant live like this so many feels i am done."
b'should you tour in us or need on in the uk i would love a chance to work for you as a nanny and assistant. excellent references cheers'
b'when we were young is so good and love in the dark im love'
b"a dick has a sad life : his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, & his owner beats him."
b'admit it, at least once in our life we have all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.'
b'admit it. sometimes, no matter how much you tell your heart you are over someone, your heart knows the truth.'
b'admit it, you care about someone who probably does not care about you.'
b"admit it... you've sat in class imagining how you would save the school if a gunman shows up."
b"admit it you've wore an outfit on sunday then wore it again on monday for college."
b'dock, you always know how to make my day better.'
b'adult : " do you know what college you want to go to yet? " me : [sweats nervously ] monsters university'
b'adult halloween costumes are literally just kid-sized costumes that are marketed as sexy'
b'adulthood is a constant question of " can i go to sleep yet? "'
b"adulthood is like the vet, and we're all the dogs that were excited for the car ride until we realized where we're going."
b'advance and vanquish by 3 inches of blood is a fun listen.'
b'aesthetic : being a dumb nerd but at least i am cute while doing it'
b"i killed a spider & it's dead carcass is underneath a plastic cup in my bathroom. it's literally been there for 2 weeks."
b'a fantastic afternoon at mudeford junior school. working with the year 3 class in the pe lesson and then the after school club'
b'a fantastic evening celebrating the class of 2015. great to welcome pne star paul gallagher too.'
b"a fat person does not eat what's right but eats what's left."
b'a female mantis kills the male after sex. that used to seem cruel, but now that i am married with kids i think the male mantis gets off easy.'
b'a few weeks ago i mentioned toilet paper in a tweet and got toilet paper in the mail. so, here goes : dragons.'
b'a fine is a tax for doing wrong. a tax is a fine for doing well.'
b'a fire alarm right now.. perfect'
b'what will he ask the pope? perhaps "is it okay to let my people starve so i can stay in power?"'
b'a friend of mine said onions are the only food that could make you cry. that was before i hit him in the face with a coconut.'
b'a friend who understands your tears is much more valuable than a lot of friends who only know your smile.'
b'afrikaans on monday, history on tuesday, physics on wednesday and math on thursday.. great week hey'
b'after 11, please stop counting in months how old your kid is.'
b'after 11 pm my upstairs neighbors let their elephants out and engage them in a game of soccer with bowling balls'
b"after 16 years, it's only now that i've discovered that i have dimples. thanks bio homework."
b'after 3 lots of laser treatment on a partially detached retina i was thrilled to receive this offer by e mail'
b'after 3 lots of laser treatment on my left eye i was thrilled to receive this offer'
b'after a 8am meeting now to domestic abuse training for 7 hours \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95.. omg i so love my job at times'
b'after a busy number of days battling a nasty cold my body finally gave out. but after a day on the couch i feel pretty great this evening'
b'after all these years, i am still waiting for the second incredibles movie.'
b"after all the things he's done and been accused of he finally gets suspended for one half by jimbo fisher, good job fs"
b'after a long stressful weekend i love having a busy day of classes and activities.'
b'after an argument, i always think of awesome things i could have said.'
b"after announcing our weight at birth, parents shouldn't stop. if they announced it at every birthday we'd all be little skinnier"
b"& after awhile, i started thinking'damn, she's watering those plants like crazy ' so i go to check nope it's been raining lol"
b'after committing a crime, always carry a fire extinguisher. no one gets stopped while running with a fire extinguisher.'
b"after enough curling it around my finger i think i've almost straightened marth's sword out completely"
b"after finally watching the footage of kevin ware's injury, i have decided to never jump for any reason ever again."
b'after four hours of reading and researching.. my presentation is written! now just present it tmr with fucking up unamused face'
b'after getting 2nd highest for the 1st two lab practicals, i finally got the top score for the last one & i did not even study! 58/60 good microscope'
b'after having my day ruined my mom told me to not do homework today, to sit and watch a movie to just relax.. gotta love my mom heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'after hours of sleep the hangover is gone sleeping tonight ragrets hate hashtags, but can not find the will to stop'
b'after i start to love you i do not mind letting you win arguments... but when i mean business you better act like you fucking know! unamused face'
b"after mating, a female praying mantis kills & eat's the male. guess she knows it's easier to claim life insurance rather than child support."
b'after my facebook argument with you, i delete everything i wrote so you look like a crazy stalker.'
b"after opening this month's electric bill, i am no longer afraid of the dark."
b'after playing in the rain brushing your hair is not even a thing'
b'after practice selfies are always the best grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'after roughly 5 months i am finally cleaning my room smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'after school or work.. do you ever just wanna sleep for like 2 days sleeping face'
b'after spending 10 hours on internet i asked to myself " is my internet connection worse than my life or vice versa? "'
b'after summer everybody gonna be like " i missed you " i am gonna be like you ain\'t hit me up all summer swerve bitch.'
b'after the 4th wrong turning.. back on the m1. class travelling like'
b'after the impressive display of stupidity i saw on i -40 this morning, i can not wait for the next phase of construction to begin.'
b'after thomas being born not breathing and spending nights in the nicu watching and hoping i must admit this hit'
b'after today i have 2 more shifts and then i do not have to set my alarm for a week'
b'after working 9 hours in the rain everyday sometimes all i wanna do is cuddle and have my hair played withhhh'
b'a fun game to play is " guess who your boyfriend or girlfriend has slept with based on their body language in old facebook pictures. "'
b'a fun thing to do : say " no thanks, i am a vegetarian " when people hand you their newborn babies'
b'well its not really fun until its really messy'
b"a gf's logic is like terms & conditions you come across before d/l -ing software. you never really bother to understand, you just accept it"
b'agh i only got 5 hours of sleep last night. & fee night is tonight so im gonna look a mess. great way to start off the school year.'
b'just the tonic needed to sway those undecided voters'
b'a girl on facebook legitimently just posted " i am the most popular person at our school, not trying to be selfish! " ok goodbye i hate you all'
b'a girl posted on fb : " sum 1 cum 2 ma house nd sav me frm boredom " a guy replied : " sending an english teacher immediately "'
b"a girl's group message with her best friends holds more secrets than the united states government"
b'a girl\'s " whatever " usually means " fuck you ".'
b'a girl tweeted " you might be ghetto if you bring food from outside into the movies " no you might be stupid if you pay 4. 99 for a bag of skittles'
b'please know that i am the type that laughs at my team and myself during these discussions. that fan/guy'
b'a good friend : calls you in jail. a great friend : bails you out of jail. your best friend : sits next to you while saying " wasn\'t that fun? "'
b'a good friend : calls you in jail. a great friend : will visit you in jail. your best friend : *blows up wall* " get in the van now! "'
b'a good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.'
b'a good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, and realize how blessed you are for what you have.'
b"a good man can make you feel sexy, strong and able to take on the world... ohh sorry that's vodka... vodka does that."
b'a good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.'
b'a great start to the school year! -'
b'a great way to make friends is to spam the entire student body about your dumb survey...'
b'a green text bubble is the same as sending a message in a bottle in the ocean bc how do you know if it was delivered or lost out there'
b'a group of your least favorite people is called a facebook.'
b'a grown 60 year old woman having a tantrum at work. cute...'
b'a guy cheated on three different girls who found out -- john tucker must die : real life edition'
b'ahaha today is the first day... in a while.. i did my homework and studied wow'
b'ahah hey guys look this fag can not defend his he need his side to help face with tears of joy'
b'a haiku about finals i am really fucked where did this semester gofuck fuck fuck fuck fuck'
b'a haiku about mario kart : are you kidding me who the fuck threw that red shell i will fuck you up'
b"ahh do not you just love when microsoft tells you that you're spelling your own name wrong"
b'arguing with his date. like, keep your opinions and all but question her beliefs on a first date? maybe not the best thing to do'
b'ahhh this is such a great monday smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'ahh it makes me feel really special and loved when you do not text me back!.'
b'ahh yes, i would love a \xc2\xa36. 5 million donation, let me just give you my bank details...'
b'ah lucky today is the only day i actually didnt straight my hair so i can actually walk in the rain smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"sometimes it feels like they're playing a game of chess. meanwhile obama is doing a great job at doing nothing."
b'ah my daily wait an hour for the magazine bus ordeal! squee!'
b'ah only 2 full years to wait until i can start college, not long at all!'
b'a hoodie and underwear is all you really need to wear tbh'
b'i hated it when it started it was too " cheery " and " happy " for me personally but once it got dark it got really good'
b'a house is not a home until you can find all light switches in the dark.'
b'ah the elephants are awake upstairs. fantastic'
b"ah wednesday's, an evening of washing clothes and watching house of cards. a thrilling life i lead!"
b'ah, yeah, i really do not want to get caught up in anything troublesome.'
b'ah yes a refreshing half hour nap before my class as my entire night of sleep for the second time this school week. my favorite.'
b'ah yes love being wide awake at 4:30 in the morning when i have to be up at 6:30 for class'
b'i am so impressed'
b"ain't gonna lie yeah it be some night where i really do miss you"
b'aint have sex since june rushin lol'
b"ain't it fun, living in the real world."
b'ain\'t nobody got time for that " is this generations " whatchu talkin bout willis'
b"ain't no friendship like a friendship where you're either confused as siblings or gay lovers"
b"ain't nothing like a little payback. smiling face with horns face with tears of joy"
b"ain't nothing like a white boy party, hella faded and we act retarded"
b"! ain't nothing like freedom!"
b"ain't nothing like having somebody come to they senses & realize who really down for ya"
b"ain't nothing like sleeping with a snake unamused face smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"ain't nothing like that d 'usse"
b"ain't text him ina long time"
b'airport security did not want to feel my head today or perform a " skirt check. " so, good for less awkward!'
b"a jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. if she doesnt get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers."
b'your captain skills came in handy today smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'compensated for your time. my partner is organising it but does not think he could get you to come which is why i (part 3)'
b'ha ha we used to call it bag a minger. all that lesbian food first thing.'
b'alarm clock off. thank you'
b'alarm clocks should come with sounds like " tiny doll feet scampering into the closet " because i am not hitting snooze when i hear that.'
b'alarm did not go off for rehab, i feel like absolute crap, and i have a test today.'
b'your lucky, most of my teachers said i would always have homework. good'
b'lmao probably worse! we use to play games, go get tons of food, and tell stories the entire time! lol'
b'alcohol is never the answer... but it does make you forget the question.'
b'thank you for being my alarm clock in the mornings'
b'bruh you wish interested face throwing a kiss'
b'this looks like an awkward am &g photo weary face face with tears of joy but good i am excited!'
b'you didnt sent me a pic on my birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2nooo...'
b'you do not be bothered either who cares sorry face throwing a kiss'
b'please stalk me'
b"i'll have to look for her name she was one of the best algebra teachers i've had"
b'algebra 1 and algebra 2: there will be a test on friday november 20 and then... thanksgiving break!'
b'algebra teacher is the best'
b'i was supposed to cut it this saturday but something came up. " " something came up "'
b'do not get pulled over without that license you left in brom'
b'a little nervous to start school? 5 classes in one day should be fun'
b"al literally think i'll drown - even in the shallow end ha"
b"all 10 floors of our dorm evacuated for a legit fire alarm... this is going to be a long night neutral face not to mention it's raining"
b'all adults do is ask me about my plans for college like do not you want to know what my favorite color is'
b"all day i've been feeling tired, stressed, and sick... a hilly 7 mile run was exactly what i needed"
b'all day long i think about sex and all night iong i think about sex and all the time i think about sex ~'
b'allergies are weird as heck. you can snap a humans leg in half and they can recover but if you eat this peanut you dead'
b'allergy attacks confused face love em'
b'all guys are the same " nobody told you to try them all, bitch.'
b'all holiday used up for this year. no more days off.'
b'all i asked, was if the building had an elevator. you should have seen the stairs i got.'
b'all i ask for in life is another season of gossip girl'
b"all i can say in french is hi, bye, see you later, and chocolate. that'll get me far in france."
b'all i did this weekend was play call of duty and i still suck ):'
b'all i do at night is stay up losing sleep over you. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'all i do at school is wait for it to be over.'
b'all i do at school is watch all the girls pretend to be friends with each other.'
b'all i do is stay up all night losing sleep over you'
b'all i do is stay up at night losing sleep over you, all i do is drive myself crazy thinking about my baby'
b'all i do i talk that hoping try to pull weird face with tears of joy'
b': " let\'s test out skype. " *two and a half hours later* me : " well, that was a great test run. "'
b'all i have done is get dressed for work and owen is already away.'
b'all ima say is woman up, && get ur dollars up dat baby 1st check eitha'
b"all i am saying is, you've never seen me crying and eating tacos at the same time"
b'all i need in life is a tan that does not fade away or come off in the shower, a boob job and a mac voucher.'
b'all i need is a real bitch she do not never fag off and she do not never switch'
b'all i need right now is a hug, and five hundred thousand dollars in cash.'
b'all i really want to know this year is the secret to clear skin.'
b'allison obrien and i were the last people to give blood so we just hung out with all the nurses and they did a fun dance for us it was swell'
b'i am not retarded'
b'all i want in life is to lose weight and gain money yet instead, here i am, gaining weight and losing money'
b'all i want is a cute penthouse apartment in new york'
b'all i want is to settle down with an extremely wealthy dog'
b'all my classes start at 1 and i do not have class on fridays next semester smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'all my competitors for h. i. this weekend : so sorry i am going to suck so badly'
b'all my coworkers are making fun of me cause my eyes blood shot'
b'all my friends are either in a relationship or about to be in a relationship. i am just sitting here re-watching " the notebook ".'
b'all my mathmatic proofs are done using the guess and hope method.'
b'all my plans have been canceled thanks flu, really'
b'all nighter studying for my physics exam what a charm'
b'all of my plans for the future start out with " when i get rich "'
b'all of the classes i need for next semester are full. good'
b'all of this awesome bbcf stuff going on. not exactly the best time to find out my untouched math homework is due in an hour lol'
b'all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary'
b'all of your boyfriends probably have cute nicknames for you, but mine is " stupid "'
b'all of your selfies look the same " it\'s almost like im the same person in all of my selfies'
b'all our life our parents told us not to write on walls. facebook teaches us differently.'
b'all school has taught me is how to look extremely busy whilst doing nothing at all'
b'all that matters in a relationship is that you like the same pizza toppings'
b'all the buckeye haters get to enjoy themselves 2day. they will have another 4 years to wait before they get to again.'
b'all the kids in my school were nerds. i was the only one sitting at the cool kids table everyday.'
b'all the other networks apart from understand their viewers. an article about it.'
b'all these fag boys need to cut their hair " 100% agree rebecca'
b'all these quote/pictures about your emotions are so inspirational'
b'all the songs of made in the am are actually my favorite! still fixing my emotions though! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'all this and the europa league draw today! ahhh yeahhh!'
b'all this makeup is hiding how certain girls really look. smokey eyes, thick ass eyebrows. gotta take these bitches swimming on the first date'
b'all this tragedy makes it seem ridiculous to be excited for my birthday tomorrow. the whole world is hurting'
b'all you hear is a heard of elephants running towards the fight from upstairs and downstairs'
b'all you really need in life is good food and wifi.'
b'all your other complaints about " freedom of speech " are not really about " freedom of speech ". this. this is'
b'almost burnt the kitchen down - fun smile'
b'[high five ] sleeping is the best part of not going to school'
b'almost did a full high school swim practice and i am beat!'
b'almost every college student will come home for break and be ready to go back to school soon as our parents start tripping face with tears of joy'
b'almost getting run over on the way to the diff eq exam =great omen'
b'almost got ran over today while crossing the street with the walk sign. i love people.'
b'almost passed out at the lab and had to lay down in their tiny room and drink juice. good fasted bloodwork!'
b'almost passed out. that was fun...'
b"almost set the fire alarm off in wilson and it's raining outside... everyone would've killed me loudly crying face"
b'almost the end of the school year smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes good'
b'almost too pretty to eat'
b'a load of books just fell on my head, ive only got my shelf to blame'
b'a locker door to the face really feels amazing!'
b'a lot of attractive people are like nice cars with the check engine light on.'
b'a lot of people are going to get rich(er) at this tiny wall street firm'
b"a lot of people believe yoga is good exercise but i think it's a stretch"
b'a lot of people think the job is supposed to get them ready... no.. you are supposed to be readybfor the job! a rehab'
b'more or less my thoughts as well. still nothing to be upset about though, just an unfortunate situation'
b"a love being wide awake when i've gotta be up in 5 hours. like why can a never fall straight asleep?"
b'already can not wait to nap after my 9:00 class tomorrow'
b"already have a kiyo to call their own www. it's fun though, i am not really a kiyo anyways xd just makes me laugh is all."
b'already modeled a few outfits! come help with the last one! this time i am teasing my pussy first to get it good and wet'
b'already was late to my first class suffolk parking sucks so bad'
b'alright 8 am is canceled, thanks for telling us'
b'alright who fucked up ".. probably the best thing i just read. thanks keegs'
b'also convinced that the people above me move all their furniture at night and roll around their apartment in desk chairs. unamused face'
b'also forgot to change my empty med packet out for the full one. awesome.'
b"also, if you did not call that blown save you aren't a tigers fan."
b'also i only shaved one leg in the shower & completely forgot about the other so i def have my life together.'
b"also let's hope she actually leaves them on"
b"also making fun of triggers... it's not really funny"
b'also please stalk me lmao'
b"also that's not really fun stuff at all. do not become an adult ever pls save yourself."
b'also video editing is fun and not really any difficult, makes me wonder why i did not pick it up sooner'
b'alternative phrases to " calm your tits " : - soothe your boobs - hakuna your tatas - give that chest a rest - do not have a rack attack'
b'altogether have 6 hours for work next week smiling face with open mouth'
b"you'll love it. taking some friends to the show who missed it the first time around; worth paying again ^^"
b"i am not arguing that it's a bad question, just that this maybe isn't the best response."
b'always an accomplishment when you can make it thru a shower with no one turning the light off. face with tears of joy'
b'always believe in god, because there are some questions that even google can not answer.'
b'always believe in your dreams and do not let anyone stop you from reaching them.'
b'always be positive *trips down the stairs* " wow! i got down those stairs fast! "'
b'always be yourself. unless you can be batman. then be batman.'
b'always envied the kids who showed up to school with their 64 count crayola crayons. if i wanted burgundy or salmon i had to ask in shame.'
b'always follow your brain. your heart is stupid as fuck.'
b'always fun scrunching up my body into a 2x2 foot square-like space until i wake up tomorrow morning.'
b"always good listening to greg's bs stories"
b'always gotta kill them with kindness mouth'
b"always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that's the one that is going to help you grow"
b'always helpful'
b'always keeping it classy'
b'always love sleeping in and missing the bus face with tears of joy face with tears of joy worried face'
b'always nice hearing we got hacked again'
b'always nice to be woken by the at the end of the bed with a in its mouth.'
b'always said delaney was amazing'
b'always used to wish for snow when a was in school now a think all just cry when am on a roof grafting me tits off soaking wet in a blizzard'
b': what a shocker i woke up sore disappointed face " do not think the hash tag was necessary'
b'a man and a woman can have a completely platonic friendship as long as one of them is lying.'
b'a man asks a trainer in the gym : " i want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine can i use? " trainer replies : " use the atm "'
b"forget the album... the bigger disappointment is that the kardashian's and bieber are your favorite things"
b'i am literally sitting on the toilet right now trying to let off some weight before going to the scale.'
b'a mans job should always be making sure his woman is happy'
b'i am determined to make 2016 the year that i am a morning person bc i do love being up early it just never happens'
b'oooh good one'
b"had to make it rain to put out the weekend's fire"
b'amazing bubble butt'
b'*coughcough* can not wait for you to come to america *coughcough *'
b"that's probably why he got in the class from the wait list"
b'i love that you and one other person immediately identified which game was being talked about here'
b'wait a minute could i recommend you to the parents i babysit for because there are a lot of times i can not make it'
b"am coming back back of some people i've missed the"
b"it's fine that i literally texted you this exact phrase and then you tweeted it"
b'thank you, i am so excited, working my arse off. day off today and spent it all in the college library \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you for the help and much appreciated. if i win big in vegas, i am overnighting an alarm clock to that flt attendant smile'
b'american literature has been an interesting course'
b'american pie " ruined it for any kid that actually does have an amazing story from band camp.'
b'americans want their protection until they get caught with hands in the cookie jar! police sre being damned!'
b'so you showed up like a stud all wet and flexing?! oh the horror! __'
b'am i going to be sleepy every day for the rest of my life'
b"a milf is a sexy ass mom over 35. if you're 18, you're just a bitch with a baby"
b'am i overreacting or do i have a valid reason to feel the way i do : a novel by me'
b'am i the only one that gets excited about wearing new underwear even though noone can see it?'
b'am i the only one who calculates how much sleep i can get before i go to bed'
b'am i the only one who feels like everything is falling apart but coming together at the same time'
b'am i the only one who measures time using songs? " oh it only took me 4 songs to get here! " " that\'s not too long! "'
b'am i the only one who misses cartoons like totally spies and hey arnold'
b'am i the only one who wakes up then stays in bed for like another hour'
b'am i the only person that texts someone like 5 messages at the same time that could easily be put into one'
b"could be. i like cats but my daughter has a 'cat ' allergy so i love her on 2 counts."
b'i am waking up with a smile'
b'thank you! love to read more recipes and tips from another allergy mom.'
b'a moment of silence for all the teenage couples who compare themselves to romeo and juliet'
b"a moment of silence to all the kids who can not wait to become a teenager because they think it's fun"
b'aww anything or anyone who makes you smile is worth losing some sleep.'
b'also foggy in cola. miss your reports on the morning show. have a good thanksgiving.'
b'congrats on the episode of dumping ground today great acting overall you should be proud of yourself'
b'you just think losing weight will mess up your tramp stamp.'
b'i love it when i am not the one getting yelled at! ha fuck you kyle!'
b'you caught me! smile'
b'an 8 hour day in uni with an exam and injections with only 4 hours sleep. this should be fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'a naked iphone is so beautiful but too risky.'
b'analysis is another word for stalker...'
b'an apple a day will keep anyone away if you throw it hard enough.'
b'an astute observation : most people are kill them with kindness and i am just kill'
b'anatomy lab test on birthday good'
b'an awesome day at school with keegan, then to top it off we went out to jitters and did a little homework. \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'and can not play baseball because it can subject him to physical injury, but softball is fine...'
b'and crappy day 2 ends just as it began tired, stressed, and still behind on homework... awesome'
b'andd both my uh classes on tuesday got cancelled and i have the whole week off on thanksgiving too! good'
b"andddddd surprise it's raining again in atl"
b'and fuck the school for not putting my wet clothes in a dryer. like would it kill you?!'
b'and here i am doing it all over again...'
b'and here it is 4am and i lie here, wide awake, thinking. oh the happy days.'
b'and i have double lab, which means i have it for two period instead of one smile good'
b'and i hear that nine my be like a melty blood character. i did play a lot of mb so she might be fun to use.'
b'and i love getting cheered on and being talked to when i hitting hard, younger ones well... " you hurting me " confused face'
b'and i am back to the real world of working a crapy job by day and being a musician by night.'
b'and i am pulling a 12 in the er the night before thanksgiving.'
b'and i am so excited. like.. bruh. if you was sleep wake up. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'and i am so glad my insomnia is coming back.'
b'and i am so good at going to bed early when i have to be up early'
b'and i thought chugging coffee at 9 pm was a good idea... \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'and it was funny to see emily lose to julia, she thought it was gonna be easy'
b'and it was nice not having to suffer a day in school good'
b'and i was hanging on a fence in the air and it felt like i was bungee jumping, but not really. it was fun, but i was scared shitless.'
b'and just like that, another day had passed without any study'
b'.. and made up for it with this very cute cartoon about dumb ways to die, full of tiny fun details'
b'and noooo secret, no matter how nasty, can poison your voice or keep you from joy'
b'and now hes the cool uncle in another small even more dysfunctional family hoping it doesnt all go to shit again'
b"and now i am fucking sick, that's really fuckin cool. good way to start the week... \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7"
b'and now is a great time to get sick smirking face'
b'and off to run a trillion miles i go unamused face'
b'and on fridays we have pe then a long break so we would wait for everyone in the class to bathe/change before heading to high sch for lunch'
b'thats so stupid thats not aggressive its called defense against something said about you and btw you are really beautiful'
b'do not let up on the benghazi story truth needs to be found sure it can be with this admin'
b'waking up at 3 is even better'
b': do not you just love only being able to eat soup? it\'s delicious. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i see the advantage but i find cricket appallingly boring. each to his own as the bible says'
b'and rippin donuts on a quad in a field is extremely dangerous ha'
b"and she also thinks i have a reason to be upset about it as i've darn well put forth a great amount of success"
b"and she's not responding. this fucking day gets better and better."
b"and she's the smart one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'and so the first cold of the season is taking hold. on my second day of working 2 jobs. fantastic timing'
b'and super ginormous thanks to trey & jfraye for trekking here & kel for putting up w/me all weekend + all my amigos'
b'and the final textbook total plus tax comes to just under 400'
b'and the fire alarm goes off right as we are about to take off... perfect'
b'and the good luck of this family keeps going a car accident and another aunt on the hospital'
b'and then all of my tuition went towards watering the grass while it was raining out'
b'and then god said, " seems unfair to have given man an extra limb so to balance it out i\'ll give women the power over which to control it. "'
b'and then you go check clash of clans and the server is done try again in 45 mins cool'
b"and there's sun goes down around my love history \xe2\x99\xab tragedy on september by the flins tone \xe2\x80\x94"
b'and the weirdest compliment i\'ve received was from jess saying i " have a nice sneeze ". " it\'s quiet and non threatening ".'
b'and they ask me how do you take ur coffee? reply : " very seriously... " a morning person'
b'and this day just keeps getting better'
b'and this is why i am doing so great in my math class'
b'and to think i was gunna stay home from nashville.'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy and water is wet. when you got a good girl she's good"
b"and we as in and i have most of you females mad loudly crying face face with tears of joy \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f that's okay tho. birds need love too."
b"and we could have had an extra half hour's sleep and taken the car and still got there earlier grrrrrr"
b'and we did not talk after that " is probably the saddest thing to say'
b'and we get to play 4 of them. good rt : the latest ap poll has 7 teams in the top 14.'
b'and we just stopped talking... " the worst way to end a friendship/relationship'
b'(and when i am not even the one that has been cleaning the room )?! person bowing deeply unamused face'
b': my beard has got back to the " stroking in contemplation " stage... my wife will be so happy "'
b"and yeah i post a lot about her, but she's always on my mind so she comes first"
b'thank you refs for making fantastic calls tonight " rfttttt'
b'actually i am transferring to millikin at christmas but will not be working at the pool this summer'
b'and you need to apologize to me for having me excited all week to see you and for hurting my feelings like this'
b'and you take what you get and you turn it into " honesty "'
b'a new record - after my wife left for thanksgiving vacation, she was back home 20 minutes later thanks to a canceled flight. fuck snow.'
b'an ex asking to stay friends after you break up is like a kidnapper asking to stay in touch after they let you go.'
b'an " ex " is called an " ex " because its and " ex " ample of who you shouldn\'t date in the future.'
b'anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.'
b'angry people who can not take a joke have no idea how hilarious they are to those of us who can.'
b"well you heard the man, he's camera shy... smile"
b"yes yall are tf lol and i am sorry you do not have to get jealous tho there's enough love for both of yall face with tears of joy \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"an hour left of work and phone's at 5%, this should be fun!"
b'annabelle\'s solution to life " let\'s just get steaming and fuck everything up " yeah great life advice from ac'
b'plus my face be lookin real cute'
b"i've got the same one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy and the gryffindor one"
b'annoying person : " you need anger management classes. " me : " you need shut the fuck up classes! "'
b'annoying thing about cycling in the rain, having to hit the brakes going downhill after all that effort to get to the top!'
b'another 8 am... super sweet'
b'another big congrats to for becoming a dad! so proud of you! can not wait to babysit!'
b'another class display by ozil'
b'another coursework complete 8 days in advance smiling face with halo bossing it despite having appointments and being stressed and tired good'
b"another day at work, another day of doing nothing but thinking about i need to be home playing. it's so great!"
b'another fab class tonight! well done all everybody this week is looking fantastic in their movement and'
b'another fine visit to the dentist.'
b'another happy day at this residence. pensive face'
b'another heart op right before christmas just what i wanted! merry christmas ya'
b'another nice family dinner'
b'another reason why i am getting off social media. these people will poison your mind with rubbish validation'
b'another restless night'
b'another rough night but i got through it somehow without waking up much. just been on the phone to doctors and got some appointments.'
b'another student in this discussion class is literally arguing semantics about the views of nazis and the aryan race.'
b"another thing that happened at the art thing : dude - i like your slicked-back hair look me - thanks, it's rain"
b'another weekend means another game that the eagles suck.'
b'another weekend of two teams trying to out-suck each other?'
b'good ill try not to be an awkward piece \xc3\xb3 trash'
b'i just love being second choice and being a piece of shit probably'
b"i still ask that question fam, wait till after high school. you'll see who's really for you then"
b'an unexpected argument - and'
b'anxiety attacks are just loads of fun'
b'anxiety : here i am me : please take ur shoes off at the door'
b'anxiety : well that was a great day filled with doing nothing but crying and hyperventilating'
b'anxiety : when that " five extra minutes " of sleep turns into a half hour'
b'anybody have any plans to stare at their phone somewhere exciting this weekend?'
b'any day when you can stay in pajamas the whole time is a good day'
b'any girl can become my friend literally just hmu in my dms like " girl you will not believe this mf " what he do babe what he do'
b'any land in which parents do not have first and last authority over what and how their children learn \xe2\x9c\xbf anthony esolen'
b'any man who says his wedding day is the happiest day of his life has obviously never scored a over-head kick on fifa.'
b'anyone can make you smile, many people can make you cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.'
b'anyone else love getting yelled at for every little thing? yea? cool me too'
b'anyone else running on a half hour of sleep?'
b'anyone here neck deep in algebra and statistics? looking for the best way to wrap my head around stuff.'
b'anyone in chem that has to do owls knows my pain right now... weary face'
b'anyone know if liverpool are back in the champions league tonight? have not seen anything about it...'
b'anyone really ever been stuck babysitting in new years and had to sneak out to a party or is that just the disney channel original movies?'
b'anyone wanna come help me with my homework?'
b'anyone want to form a fight club with me? first rule of fight club... do not talk about fight club! second rule of fight club... no hitting!'
b"anyone who isn't adding positivity to your life, shouldn't be in it."
b'anyone wishing to talk to me about the current scotland situation, please do not unless i approach you first!'
b'any psycho girls wanna hang out? just text me like 5000 times and let me know.'
b'any salad can be a caesar salad if you stab it enough'
b'anything you say and do, can and will be screenshot against you.'
b'anytime a bird takes a crap on my car, i eat an entire plate of scrambled eggs on my porch. just to show the birds what i am capable of.'
b'anyways i am just gonna post art and make an attempt at a da description so i can sleep soon'
b'a one night stand is when the toilet seat is too cold and i have to take a shit standing up'
b'a pair of black jeans will get you through a month of class, winter is awesome! less laundry'
b'apa kabar? im checking you all the time face with tears of joy but no reply, i hope ur ok enjoy ur sunday, miss uuuu smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'apartment shopping is so fun white smiling face weary face'
b"a perfect dinner for a busy weeknight is pork chops and gravy! a comfort food that's great for fall!"
b"a perfect relationship is when two people dont give up on one another regardless of each other's flaws"
b'a perfect relationship = two people never giving up on each other.'
b'a person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons :1) they want to be you. 2) they hate themselves. 3) they see you as a threat.'
b"a person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. when telling a lie, a person's hands will stay noticeably still."
b'a person who hopes to be reincarnated as a doe is holding on for deer life'
b'a picture speaks a thousand words. but with photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.'
b'this is a good show. put it on to pass the time but ended really liking it.'
b'apologies for all of the drunk texts i sent on a sunday afternoon. but be honored that even with little brain function, you were on my mind'
b"apologizing does not mean you're right or wrong, it just means you value your relationship more than your ego."
b'a potato has skin, i have skin. therefore i am a potato.'
b'apparently " bae " means " before anyone else " i always thought it was a ghetto word for " babe "'
b'apparently beer contains female hormones. after you drink enough you can neither drive nor shut the hell up'
b'apparently " cheesecake & tacos " wasn\'t the answer the interviewer was looking for when he asked me what my weaknesses are.'
b'apparently, i live in a gang infested neighborhood, where i can witness drive by shootings from my front porch!'
b"apparently i am working on opening up and being honest this week (but being nice at the same time ). it's great..."
b'apparently i only shaved one leg in the shower this morning and i did not even shave my whole leg just my shin.. lazy keirian is back'
b"apparently it's hard to be funny with a swollen throat and sleep deficiency."
b'apparently, the average person looks at their phone 150 times a day. not me. i look at it just once. for about 12 hours.'
b'apparently typos only become visible to the human eye after you hit send'
b"apparently you need 4. 6gb free on your phone to install ios8. alright, apple. i'll get right on deleting everything off my phone."
b'apple and blackberry should team up and make a phone called the pie.'
b'apple : i look like a human heart mango : i look like a stomach grapes : i look like eyes banana : i do not like this game'
b"apple's google glass knockoff attaches a small screen on a frame above your eyes, and it will be called ibrowse."
b"apple was considering making an ipod for kids but apparently, the name 'itouch kids ' did not sit too well."
b'applying to schools ; 00 just to apply? sure i have nothing better to spend that money on'
b"april fools day is a day when you shouldn't believe what you hear or trust anyone... so its basically a normal day"
b'april fools day is tomorrow but it does not matter because everyday of my life is a joke upside down face'
b'thank you! better late than never winking face'
b'sure what to do'
b"arcadia's cl kick-off was a success! now to maybe catch a quick nap before bible study?!?"
b'i know you did im saying you dont appreciate you dont even text me as soon as you buy ur wl you ignore me'
b'a real boyfriend sees no other females because he only has eyes for his girl.'
b'a relationship is kinda like a nice warm shower, everything feels good til the water gets cold'
b'a relationship where you can be weird together is the best.'
b'are people becoming more annoying or am i becoming more angry'
b'are the boys being interviewed? because this is a joke and i am losing sleep over them singing perfect in not about this'
b'are there any workout programs that target the face? you really need one of those.'
b'are there cute guys who will not have you out here looking dumb or? bc i want 1.'
b"are there problems in the world? yes. but we've also figured out how to get milk from almonds, so"
b'are they trending because of me?!'
b'are you math cause i just cant understand you'
b'are you always that ugly or were you about to sneeze?'
b'are you an astronaut? cause all of a sudden i wanna explore uranus.'
b'are you a pokemon? cause i wanna throw my balls at you.'
b"are you as bored as i am?' makes sense even when you read it backwards"
b'are you athletic? " - " yeah of course, i surf... on the internet. "'
b'are you awesome at maybe not so much? you can still help your child with read how a parent does it'
b'are you crying? " " no, my eyes are sweating'
b'are you still upset about this? " well yes considering you did not even tell me until it was finalized'
b'are you sure your cat is cute enough? pour it water. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'are you taking chem ii next semester " " no not really " " okay, have fun. ciao'
b'alright caitlin? are you still on duty & not sneaking out the back for a fag? if so i need a response lass. ta. oggy.'
b'arguing about football is the best'
b'arguing about social media best practice with a colleague. 20 + years of traditional marketing exp. vs. obsessive social media user'
b"arguing over who's truck is the best is dumb. it'd be much faster to just whip out your dicks and see who's compensating the most."
b'arguing with angry girlfriend is like talking to harvard law school alumni'
b"arguing with a woman is like buying a lottery ticket... you're probably not gonna win but you're sure as hell gonna try."
b"arguing with customers via the official company account isn't exactly the best idea."
b'arguing with my mom is the best.. lemme tell ya'
b'please stalk me mom, i would rly love that'
b'please stalk me pensive face'
b': love this " lol oh yeah this me all over!'
b'around parents : normal mode. around friends : silly mode. around babies : barney mode. around crush : retarded mode.'
b': i literally get so turned off when guys say they want to cuddle " "'
b'a big fan of cozorla19 on the bench for this big encounter bt i fear not cause sir. wenger alwayz knowz what he is doing!'
b'art class should be interesting'
b"speaking to nastio mosquito, art's new cool guy : who speaks at least three languages fluently and i..."
b'" i love his eyes. they\'re the color smiling face with heart shaped eyes of boogers smiling face with heart shaped eyes " i can not take it anymore im changing the channel before i puke everywhere'
b"as a boyfriend/girlfriend you shouldn't be talking to anybody that used to like you, likes you, or you used to like.. that's the first rule."
b'as a child, i could be anything. as an adult, i just wanna be that child.'
b"as a college student you realize there is no such thing as summer break anymore, if you're not taking classes then you're working."
b"as a college student you're either struggling academically, financially, or spiritually. or all 3"
b'as a kid, during the pledge of allegiance, i often wondered why it was a good thing to be invisible, with liver, tea and justice for all.'
b'as a kid i always be trying to force the round peg into the star hole. as an adult not much has changed'
b'as a kid, i had no idea that my favorite thing as an adult would be napping.'
b'as a matter of fact people can work up in capitalism, i do not agree to your socialism. capitalism is more established also.'
b'as an adult, i am not eating any where near as much ice cream ave cake as 10 year old me thought i would.'
b'as a sports fan : overtime is awesome. when working in sports : overtime is the worst thing in the world keeping you at work longer'
b'as a student the most comforting words you\'ll ever hear are " i have not started either "'
b'a screen on 3rd & 2 makes a lot of sence.'
b'a selfie and a pic of how wet i was in school today'
b'a selfie with my chick'
b'as fun as the comeback was last game, i am not really in the mood to be given a heart attack right now so score please?'
b'well this is attractive'
b"you're so and i am so enjoying it."
b'thank you, i had no idea what that meant unamused face'
b'well it was initially white out, but people got upset about it so the last i heard it is black out'
b"stop pretending to be when you're"
b'ash literally looks at my agenda to see if i work the next day or not lol.'
b'a short car full of short guys stopped by my bus stop and one said hi to me raised hand'
b"a shout out to all the beautiful women who do not need to dress half naked to get a man's attention. stay classy! the rest of you, come w/ me"
b'i was'
b'as i get older i realize that your attraction to people has very little to do with the way that they look'
b'asked the elephants upstairs (kindly ) to temporarily quit killing each other or fucking so obnoxiously... i can now hear her bitching face with tears of joy'
b'taygan, you need to convince this little fag boi to get on'
b"asking your parents after you've already made plans."
b'saw velvet at a bar tonight i asked her what you would think if you saw her i told her i would give my right arm to have'
b'ask me if i care any more?'
b'i did and no response! killing it at customer service again!'
b'help in running on 3 and a half hour sleep and i am at school weary face'
b'a " slut " is just a sexually confident woman who sleeps with everyone but you.'
b'as much as i just studied... ask me about the settlement of american colonies back in the 1600s...'
b"as much as i love 'em both, i can not wait to see someone else get a good push *cough* *cough*"
b'as much as i love the boys and would do anything to get close to them i would never purchase nor sell any of their puke'
b"as much time as we spend at the library, we should have all a's!"
b'a soaking wet ohio school trip, in front of the white house. dc'
b"a solid 50% of snapchat this week has been all about and there's nothing like the rivalry to make me miss college"
b'as per usual, thanks again for replying to my tweet guys. unamused face'
b"assumption's wifi is just too fast"
b'i fell onto a puddle once near the gate of my school. does this signify that i am being fenced by a wet dream? hahahhhhh'
b'asthma attacks are not fun at all. especially when you forget your inhaler.'
b"it's not really self control as much as it is not wanting to ruin the fun"
b'a summary of how my day is going so far : i only shaved one leg'
b"as you can probably tell he's just bursting with energy sleeping face"
b'as you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones'
b'as your girlfriend, all i want is for you to be happy... and naked.'
b'at 33, graham gooch, mentor to was still to enter his great yrs as a test batsman. at 33, bell has the work ethic & talent to do same'
b'at a bus stop with 6 grade nines...'
b'at any given moment you have the to say " this is how the story is going to " ---'
b"at any given time, my wallet is worth more than it's contents."
b'ate a 3 day old sandwich and shaved one leg... as performance art'
b'a thief broke into my house last night. he was searching for money. so i woke up too and started searching with him.'
b'at last no planes going over for at least 6hrs, can not wait till 6a. am when they start again'
b'at least it was a great sports weekend!'
b'at least kim and kanye understand that at a young age you must give your child direction.'
b'at least main line has a lot of options'
b'at least men and women agree on one thing, they both do not trust women.'
b'at least miley cyrus is getting paid to act ratchet, the rest of you do it for free see no evil monkey'
b'at least my alarm woke me up in time for class this morning'
b'at least pretend you did not want to get caught'
b'at least she can use natural products... i can not use anything organic. i love her explanation of " hypoallergenic " lol'
b'at least thirty percent of my workout is spent picking a different song.'
b'at least this next tattoo only costs 500'
b'at least we have matt cassel'
b'atletico madrid b vs indonesia u19 2 -1 bad for indonesia,, go go!'
b'at me or stfu! hate people who walk like elephants in upstairs apartments'
b'atms should require you to pass a breathalyzer before you can make a withdrawal after midnight.'
b'at my funeral play the super mario original theme until my casket is lowered in the ground then play the underground music'
b'at my wedding : *you may now kiss your bride. * " wait babe, i gotta snapchat this. "'
b'at one point you quit being a dick and just ignore people you do not like & really learn to appreciate the ones you call true friends'
b'a true friend cares like a mom, scolds like a dad, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother, and loves more than a lover.'
b"at school at 7 in the morning and there's no place i'd rather be \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83"
b'at school lonely and wet sad'
b'*at school* me : im tired. me : im gonna go home and sleep. me : i can not wait to sleep. me : good sleep woo good *gets home* me : *doesnt sleep *'
b'*at school* teacher : " watch your language " me : oh shit sorry'
b'atta boy hawks, making it onto espn for getting stuck, representing us well!'
b'customer service logic. " go to this website " but the website is down. " call this number " and get hung up on.. thanks for the help?'
b'attempt to go to sleep remember jean cry can not sleep'
b'attempt to sleep in further?'
b'at the doctor... can not wait to turn my head and cough!'
b"at the end of the day, life should ask us, 'do you want to save the changes?'"
b'& at the heart of any democratic civil society is a free & independent media'
b'at the lows - not my thing. i leave that to some fund which has multiple years to wait for a change or can eat the loss.'
b'at the rate this weekend went, i can tell this whole upcoming week is going to be an absolute disaster and thanksgiving is going to suck \xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba'
b"at the store buying 50 condoms. 2 girls behind me started laughing. i turned around and looked them in the eyes and said,'make it 52. '"
b'at the vinyl fixing to see my favorite band perform'
b'at this point in life, i really do not stress myself to communicate with people. if you talk to me then okay, if not then okay lmao.'
b'at this point, " tired " is just a part of my personality.'
b'attractive person : hey whats up? me : who paid you'
b"a tumblr text post titled 'here's my road to liking jason grace :' my road diverged off yours a long time ago old sport!"
b'at what point can we just start blasting the hamilton soundtrack in the csi? all involved students love broadway and revolution, yeah?'
b'audience can take you to the top, but same audience can not take a joke.'
b'thank to mama hall mama hatch a star in the kitchen'
b'a uk couple has been convicted for keeping a nigerian man as a slave for 24 years. wow'
b"it's perfect dark too! you look good with both colors and a lot of people can not even pull off one hair color girl."
b'autocorrect is changing correctly spelled words. i am starting to think it has a mind of its autocorrect is harmless. go about your business.'
b'automatic doors are making being a gentleman difficult. does not seem as romantic rushing to jump in front of the sensor to open the door.'
b'who does not love polka dot panties! so cute and innocent.'
b'my sister has a year long cough. so when i lose her at stores i just wait to hear a cough. ha'
b'oh i love you'
b'avoid office small talk by maintaining that facial expression between first sneeze and second sneeze'
b'awake and getting ready for school.. do not you jut all want my life'
b'a watched pot never boils, but an unwatched pot boils over, so i do not know what the f *** you want from me life!'
b"aw, bless all those who'd planned for a year to march in the lord mayor's show in costumes & it's pouring with rain. good spectators"
b'a webmd that takes you to a page that says " you\'re going to be fine " would be nice.'
b'aweee how cute. the kids at the bus stop coordinated their outfits today.'
b"awee that's cute. unamused face"
b'awe i love it when my coworkers say that they like working with me because i actually make work my enjoyable!'
b'awesome 5 \xe2\x98\x86 " " outstanding 5 \xe2\x98\x86 " " one of the best reads i\'ve had in a very, very long time 5 \xe2\x98\x86 "'
b'awesome break'
b'awesome homework from one of my students! breaking news : landforms'
b'awesome homework hand in for geography projects in year 8!'
b"awesome just found my lingerie and scrap booking boxes. just what i've been missing."
b'awesome playing at dirty laundry in hollywood december 2nd smile'
b'awesome someone stole my headphones... man i love holt'
b"awe what a sad day. definitely feel some type of way right now and it's only 8. that's always a good sign."
b'awh i feel so bad for you'
b'awh my classmates are so sweet'
b'aw i love doing homework sooo much smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'aw i am so happy for you!'
b"good i couldn't quite get your skirt right but still good"
b'awkward eye contact is just fantastic'
b'awkward moment when you wake up and puke all over your bedroom floor, love pub golf'
b'aw love jack & his new friend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'a woman always gets the last word in an argument, because anything a man says after that is the first words in a new argument.'
b"a woman's mood is the best challenge for a true man's patience."
b"awsome homework on the first day. that's just what i wanted"
b'aw thanks for texting me.'
b'aw they repeated this like every sunday evening. remembering watching it with wet hair day before new week of school'
b'ha ha ur so funny'
b'aww i love getting cute texts "... bitch, some of us do not get cute texts... some of us do not even get texts.'
b'aww man i thought that bitch looked better than what she do face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes girl you are not as cute as you pretended to be'
b'aww ppl are so nice wow i love everyone xoxo! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'aww thats cute its a pity i dont give a fuck though'
b'awww gonna drive all the way over to braid my hair smiling face with smiling eyes expressionless face'
b'awww i love getting cute good night texts from no one.'
b'awww my lil cousin was born today \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d cant wait to babysit'
b'awww! thank you for thinking of me, but i already have 3 of them!... however, i can never have enough chocolate'
b"aww good okay, good! i was afraid you took it to be patronizing or awkward.. hope you're doing okay smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i am out of class at 1:50, so you can let me know where to meet up & if you stay a little longer i'll wait smile"
b'aye my dark amiga \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f lmao how you been hopefully you been doing good \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f your a gr8 friend'
b'ay love being wide awake feeling like shit talking to no one'
b'i love, luck is " fate? " ehhhh anyway love the time i am trying to not fall asleep cos its super relaxing'
b"yeah me too. sucks cause i am at work all day then come home too tired to cook lol. and then there's no food to make either"
b'b4 i raise my blood level i move away frm the subject & disclose my attempt 2 b friendly fun & helpful about my'
b'i love the fact that the above question is still being talked about on'
b'baby girl \xe2\x80\x94 i love being called this \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i like oscar isaac. the guy has been doing nothing but great movies!'
b"baby, you're like a snuggie. i want you wrapped around me when i am at home but i would not want to be seen in public with you."
b'back at the doctors, have not been here in forever'
b'back from fire alarm im so cold its raining'
b'back from the on famtrip! it was such an amazing weekend in the rain forest'
b"back in at last from an early fire alarm call at holiday inn plymouth. glad it wasn't raining!"
b'back in pa omg so happy smile'
b'back in sunny uk!'
b'back in the day you could get a family passport photo. note how beautiful my mom and older sister are... me,'
b'back n forth all the time. i love this series cuz the case but oliz n jake drama sometimes make me wanna puke. bring me the case. gladiator'
b'back? nvm nvm. lemme attempt to go back to sleep'
b'back to sleeping in the lorry all week'
b'back to that tome we all know and love'
b'back to the oral surgeon...'
b'back to work unamused face'
b"back when i was a teen, no one sexted. all we had were fax machines, so we'd fux each other"
b"bad bitch i am fuckin ' her good i give her all dick all these niggas some pussy cuz they all wet"
b'bae : " are you mad? " me : " no i am fine " bae : " ok " me : " i just think it\'s funny that... "'
b"not really sis but that's a positive thing! energetic people are fun"
b'bae means " before anyone else " i always thought it was a ghetto word for " babe'
b'bae " means " before anyone else, " i\'ve been here thinking it\'s a ghetto word for babe/baby.'
b'bae might be cute as hell but dumb as fuck'
b'i am missing a sock too.. its black and says " " on it. seen it anywhere? lol'
b'balancing equations in chem is sooo funnn weary face weary face weary face'
b'bald head bitches be thinkin they the baddest hoes be having more attitude than hair. hair do not even touch yo ear. you a bald bitch.'
b'balloons are so weird... " happy birthday, here\'s a plastic sack of my breath "'
b'baltimore :2 days till goes down. please come out and help us show baltimore some love'
b'bam! we are waking up! refuse gmo. refuse non organic. refuse monsanto. refuse doctors who do not talk to you'
b'how stupid were we, this is way cooler than that other shit'
b"fans are wondering will hope leave wyatt, some fans hopes they're sexiest couple the chemistry is incredible. liam/ivy"
b'bank rakyat has a great customer service i think. i said i can not go out to their branch during my lunch break and they come to my school.'
b'can not believe this is a money grab. you can not wish him a happy bd w/o paying?'
b'everytime i fart i make a change? can i get a participation trophy?'
b'have to be a place where even the are locked and like a mess run by them'
b'fuck off. i am surprised that you have not picked up your pen and phone and just did what you want already.'
b'hope and change = hope for a new president because i only have change left in my pockets.'
b'how can we stop and to get you another 8 years in office?'
b'how do you propose we take away all of the guns that are illegally owned and used by gang members in all us cities?'
b'we need to fight with a hundred percent honesty you can not do it i will'
b'plz do me a favour plz allow to fight election in usa is the only guy who can take head on'
b'the world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.'
b"where can i get covered with health insurance for 75 dollars a month that pay for anything. it's a joke"
b"your a great speaker and your making so much sense... let's get elected come on male voters turn out and vote!!"
b"you're busy bashing while nyc is going through shit! you are one fucked up piece of shit! golf next you pussy?"
b'barely half hour sleep in over 24 hours?'
b'i was once timed out in twitchcon chat for posting to many hearts showing my love to twitch. bots are jerks smile'
b'bars are weird its the only business that kicks you out for buying too much of their product'
b'just double checking to see if you are free for aggborough goal fest tonight mon?'
b"based on our twitter names, i think it's best that we all did not have the ability to name ourselves at birth."
b'based on the sound of her walking, my upstairs neighbor seems like the kind of woman that starts sentences with " fee -fi -fo -fum. "'
b"basically anything you buy at the hardware store looks like you're getting ready to take hostages."
b'basically doing nothing today and it feels great smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"basically had to delete half of my iphone for the update... i mean... that's fine..."
b'basically i dont care if you drink or smoke as long as you can hold a conversation about something besides the fact you drink or smoke'
b'as much as i would love a day like this to highlight toxic masculinity, the jerks come out to play today.'
b'bathroom tip : if you run out of toilet paper use cardboard roll as a megaphone and yell " mooooommmmmm! "'
b'bathroom : where i can sing and no body comments on my song'
b'batman based his superhero off what terrified him most. if i followed the same logic my superhero would be listening to voice mail man.'
b'batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.'
b':57 days " party in the usa \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'me i am real as'
b"i've had the earworm of james taylor's fire and rain all weekend. not even the 36th anniversary of my birth can explain this"
b'breaking that it " may " have been state sponsored, but the 2014 yahoo hack was well known'
b'i took a steroid but i did not cheat \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89 yeah right'
b'general public will be thrilled by plans to involve the word & his wife to make policy etc-jc unable to do it'
b'yes will avoid the town centre for nxt 3 months not good for xmas trade i would think science'
b'cant go by that chart! you make ap look like a winner'
b'john of patmos wrote revelation at turn of 1st century and we still exists. who will write this apocalypse as we go mars'
b'this is so sad my prayers go out to these two elderly people.'
b'bc going to cvs 1130 in pajamas and slides to get sleep & sinus medicine is what i had in mind for tonight'
b'bc having blood shot eyes and being sick is fun :, )'
b"bc we're cute [@just_float_on bc you can not be tagged in pictures that's dumb ]"
b'bday in two weeks good'
b'be a good person, but never waste time to prove it.'
b'glasses yea i can probably get those changed. sleep? now that is something that will need a great deal of effort.'
b'beautiful day for a ride'
b'beautiful day in the burgh'
b'beautiful evening for soccer...'
b'beautiful weather for camping'
b'beautiful weather'
b'beautiful weather were having!!'
b'i missed a bus so i am hit from walking home luckily. i am hoping to even out soon! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'be careful whose toes you step on today because they might be connected to the foot that kicks your ass tomorrow.'
b'be careful who you call ugly in middle school not because they might get hot or something but because its mean'
b'be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.'
b'because 5:30 - 7:00 pm classes are the best! crying face'
b'because almost 1am is the perfect time to feel super sad and lonely.'
b'because being a bitch in front of everyone is so classy.'
b'because going running after i twisted my ankle was a great idea...'
b"because i do not want to get caught by people i do not like. that's why i stay in these woods"
b"because i am happy... :'("
b'because i am that dumb i do not know your tweets are about me'
b'because i wanted to miss 2 important classes today'
b"because of course i'd feel pretty great walking out of my practical only to be crushed by my lecture exam grade... awesome timing boros smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'because of the glare from the sun, of course'
b'because of the rain this weekend, we not have many drinking holes in the garden'
b'because posting all your problems on social media will make every one of them go away...'
b'because surprise quizzes are the best quizzes'
b'because the point is for you to appreciate the visuals along the song lmao if you do not agree w me just ignore me'
b'because we can kill viruses... hypocrite obama decides to send troops against ebola, not isis via'
b"because what i really needed was a fire alarm tonight. it's snowing and raining and cold and my pajama shorts rival gd's tiny shorts."
b"i've never had em olive green so i think that would be cute. thank you smile"
b"i'll let you think what you want... neutral face"
b'nope no doubt another of your oh so funny digs'
b"become a nurse, they said it'll be fun"
b'be crazy, be weird, and do not be afraid of what anybody thinks.'
b'bed rest is honestly such a fucking party. haha.'
b"been a good day for 'writing so good it makes me jealous, furious '. rob smyth's blizzard piece is fantastic :"
b'been doing nothing but writing for the past week do not know but i know the topic is great.'
b'been in chem for an hr and 20 min and we have gotten through 7 slides'
b'been in the car for over an hour and i am not at work yet. gotta love those fools who forget how to drive in the rain.'
b"been locked in my boyfriend's bathroom for an hour because i am not sure if the smell of my poop is gone and he can not know what i did."
b'been sitting outside for a good half hour injoying the weather \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb5\xf0\x9f\x98\x88 but time to sleep. goodnight'
b'been up for way over 30 hours.. i will attempt sleep. wish me luck.'
b'been working nonstop. first day off tomorrow. i am so glad i can finally sleep in and relax.'
b'except for jj watt though. lol'
b'before dating : " you\'re so sassy, i love it " actually dating : " why you always got an attitude? the fuck "'
b'before facebook, i had told maybe six people happy birthday, ever.'
b'before guests come over i always put live snakes in the medicine cabinet because there is no reason you should look in there'
b'before humans and dogs were friends who fixed dog ears when they went inside out'
b'before i die i am going to get my hand stamped just in case i want to come back in.'
b"before i graduate high school i will joy ride the security's golf cart"
b"before i workout, i like to warm up with 10 sets of selfie's."
b"before people get to know me : oh my god you're so shy.. and quiet... it's adorable. after we become friends : dear god do you ever shut up?"
b"before sex, you help each other get naked. after sex, you only dress yourself. moral of the story : no one helps you once you're fucked."
b'before someone gets their drivers license they should have to beat rainbow road on io kart without falling off.'
b'before the internet, we did things and thought things and ate things and had no way of letting strangers know what they were. it was brutal.'
b'before the invention of the train, people had to run a wagon on your mom.'
b"before you make fun of someone's foreign accent, take some time to think about how they speak more languages than you and how you are a failure"
b'before working for j crew : ew turtlenecks now : plz give me them all i am in love'
b'before you begin a serious relationship make sure you agree on the import stuff like children, marriage and levels of pulp in orange juice.'
b'before you decide to spend less time on social media, make sure you go to every social media website and tell everyone.'
b'before you get married, ask yourself ; is this the person you want to watch stare at their phone the rest of your life?'
b'before you marry a person you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.'
b'before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.'
b'be happy in front of people who do not like you, it kills them. this is what meant to her motto " kill them with kindness. " smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'behind every chick who says she has a " stalker " is actually just a normal dude who is responding to her slutty texts.'
b'behind every great woman, there is a guy looking at her ass.'
b"behind every sweet smile there's a bitter sadness no one can see."
b'be honest, you have not even walked a mile in your own shoes.'
b'being a bitch isnt just a hobby at this point, its a lifestyle'
b'being a & a does make one a one who has been married & divorced 4011 times is'
b'being addicted to texting someone... then they suddenly stop replying, & you find yourself checking your phone constantly.'
b'being afraid of north korea is like calling the fbi because someone threatened you in a youtube comment.'
b"being a guy, it's always hard for me to sit behind a girl on two wheeler."
b'being a junior without your license is probably the worst thing possible'
b'being allergic to my own house is one of the greatest things ever. maturity level of both fanbases atm is astounding.'
b"being a man means doing what i want, when i want, and not having to answer to anyone. this is my... shit she's coming. to be continued."
b"being an adult is all about how well you can hide the fact that you're still a kid."
b'being an adult just means telling less people about all the poor decisions you still make.'
b"being angry over someones sexual preference is like being angry over what some stranger behind you orders at mcdonald's."
b'being an internet zombie is fun!'
b'being a person is getting too complicated. time to be a unicorn.'
b'being a stress binge eater is such a good quality to have in college'
b'being at the hospital all day was the highlight of the day face with medical mask'
b'being bitched at is a perfect way to start the week.'
b'being bored is seriously the one thing i like too do.'
b'being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.'
b'being covered in hives is so fun.'
b'being defriended from facebook, my heart is broken face with tears of joy'
b'being famous must be so hard they probably have to shave their legs like everyday'
b'being forgotten is always fun.'
b"being happy does not mean that everything is perfect. it means that you've decided to look beyond the problems."
b'being hydrated is great, but at what cost?! nothing like waking up from a deep sleep to pee then not falling back asleep.'
b'being ignored a million dollars because i love it so much.'
b'being ignored is always fun..'
b'being ignored is fucking sweet eh?'
b"being in a relationship isn't about kissing, dates or showing off. it's about being with the person who makes you happy."
b'being in college makes you use your debit card like a gift card... " not sure how much is on this but we\'ll give it a try. "'
b'being in the friend zone is like an employer turning you down for a job, then calling regularly, bitching about the person they hired.'
b'being on a calorie deficit and working overtime can really take a toll on you. i am so glad i have at least one day off throughout the week'
b'being pissed off and about to take an exam, what a great combination unamused face'
b'being sick brings out the bitch in me. i should be sick more often \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'being sick is amazing'
b'being sick is awesome smile'
b'being sick is cool unamused face'
b'being sick is my fav unamused face'
b'being sick is so much fun'
b"being single is like a vacuum : it sucks when you're turned on!"
b'being skinny might be nice, but having pizza is nicer'
b'being stuck in traffic is actually awesome when you have blasting!'
b"being the gym w no ear phones more useless than watering a plant while it's raining smfh"
b'being the " third wheel " is so much fun-no one'
b'being this sick is definately how i was to spend my day.'
b"being told that there's nothing good about me and i am an all around bad person was probably the highlight of my day"
b'being too nice can be a problem with me especially when people take advantage of that thats why be a bitch'
b'being yelled at a customer till i cry i love the kind spirits of the holiday season \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'being yelled at by the person you love is heart breaking honestly'
b'very mature! worry justin will love to see this trend, it will show him what nice fans he has! worry'
b'bells its 3am and i am up just waiting to be tweeted so i can finally go back to sleep, love you so much'
b'hopefully i am fully well by next sat which is my birthday if not i will be very upset. face with tears of joy'
b'bellevue looks real nice on the front of the register!'
b"your prob fly over me in in london. i'll be waving at the sky unamused face"
b'good now you can drive me 2 school \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89'
b'big country where do you most of your hunting? can not wait to see your incoming class between the hedges!'
b'i am ruined but i would give my right arm to be back there! we will get robbo to put some hardcore techno on in the owi'
b'benefits of being friends with me - shitty jokes whenever you ask for them - shitty jokes whenever you do not ask for them'
b'looks like a great time to don a neon rain poncho and go hang out down by the river. likely would get beaten with a tripod though.'
b"be nice to people on your way up so they will not get suspicious when you're rich and you invite them to your island to hunt them for sport."
b'wow you should be a comedian unamused face'
b'i thought he was offering some solid advice that the student body needed to hear'
b'ben! silly question time ha is there anything that makes you sneeze a lot? ha love ya! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'" i can feel the venom pouring out of me as i breathe! " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i think she\'s the greatest human being that\'s ever been born...'
b'pink ties do not make you like like a fag'
b'be optimistic : all the people you hate are going to die eventually.'
b'be right back, gotta go wake up that guy from green day.'
b'when are you going to ask for donna b to resign for shatfing you in the primary? or have you lost all self respect?'
b'did manipulate your position on aca? are you on the take like most of the'
b'oh us men color yes brown is a color get paid less also.'
b'nothing but a sell out and a man for a murder oh well your still human i dont hate you for it just sad your so blind'
b'besng in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.'
b"best comment of the day! 'algebra is a conspiracy to stop girls learning maths ' who knew?!"
b'best friends do not let you do stupid things... alone.'
b'bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does backstabber.'
b'best friends = they know how weird you are and still choose to be seen with you in public.'
b'bestfriend : the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.'
b'best kind of laughter : laughing so hard your laugh becomes silent.'
b"best -lovequotes : dear algebra, please stop asking us to find your x she's never coming back and do not"
b'best moment of my life... i love doctors.'
b'best moment to sleep : 10% - in the evening. 90% - in the morning.'
b'best news is finding out your class is canceled the night before and being able to sleep in. thanks college'
b'who says you have to send your blood pressure soaring to set out a satisfying holiday sprea'
b'best part about arguing is the make upppp'
b'best part about college? not being at school till 3:00 every single day.'
b"best part of being a new mom : unwarranted, condescending advice from strangers. i just realized i need straight a's this year to go to the college i want to go to. i fucked myself over freshman year"
b'best part of the night : getting throat punched.'
b'best start to my birthday ever!'
b'best thing about college is is that everyone gets sick at the same time... unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'best way to sneak past is to avoid loudly arguing!'
b'i am just wondering what in the world is a secret menu when everyone knows about it'
b'be the strange that you want to see in the world.'
b'i kind of feel bad for him though...'
b"wait yes it does because it's the day where i can get away from all the annoying people in my school"
b'i love these jerks that are like " 1 or 2 might slip thru " so who\'s kid is it ok to kill? how many?'
b'better try n attempt to go sleep'
b'love you too &i duhh but i got the homework'
b'between the rats and my overthinking i am not going to get any sleep tonight...'
b'bevng in love withzyou makes every morning worth getting up for.'
b'beware can make you the more i see the more i want to eat.'
b"be wary of someone who calls all their exes crazy. they're probably the reason."
b'be with someone who always wants to know how your day was.'
b'be with someone who gives you the same feeling of when you see your food coming at a restaurant'
b"be with someone who wants to hear all about ur day & lets you know everything's gonna be okay when ur sad"
b'bewwbs : just enjoyin this - or'
b'oh good i thought i was super awkward haha! xxx'
b'beyonc\xc3\xa9 is trying to teach us not to be bitter, take those lemons & make lemonade & let that hurt go, so you can glow'
b'beyond exhausted. can not wait to be done with art history and cuddle up with netflix for the night \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"bff's who encourage each other's bad behavior are basically soulmates, and maybe cellmates, but mostly soulmates."
b"bf gone come home and see ain't no food cooked"
b'love you, thanks for coming! can not wait to hang out'
b'is to funny'
b"bicyclists, it's one thing to hog the road, but it's quite another to expect us to know your fancy hand signals. also, i can see your balls."
b'biden made another racially offensive comment? surely america will display the same outrage as if a republican said it!'
b'i said sweeping and dishes not cleaning a room'
b'we are crazy busy! which is great! gotta step up our social media game though'
b'is the 18 + move for wednesday & its free all night \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'" thats good enough " he then wrapped her around his arm then spreads his dark wings " you ready? "'
b"bigbang and shinee are both under avex? pray for shinee's bluray from the album including the avex concert live like they are"
b'big bear is looking great for this season hope it keeps dumping snow up there see you thanksgiving weekend \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8c\xa8@bear_mountain'
b'it was good. but man it was intense and dark.'
b'ask him how he become so amazing... why everyone loves him... is it hard being so pretty...'
b'big change on twitter?'
b"doing nothing but always present in everyone's talk in the house. she is great and we support her"
b'biggest lie i tell myself : " i do not need to write that down, i\'ll remember it. "'
b'biggest lie of all time : the doctor will be with you in a couple of minutes.'
b'i have to put up with bullies.'
b"did the history homework? i'll love you 5ever face with tears of joy weary face"
b'im glad you find that funny lol im sad.'
b'big shout out to the firetruck that came racing by my house and destroying what little sleep i had left this morning.'
b'big sports night here in the dmv. probably time for most of the fans to start paying attention.'
b'big t shirts & no pants w/ shaved legs & clean sheets is the greatest combination known to man kind'
b'yea and the police had no sense of gaming stupid reckless driving ticket'
b'bikini season is right around the corner unfortunately so is chick fil a'
b'just because you kill every high level person who objects to you does not mean we do not know who you are you repulsive rapist'
b'we need to talk. i am a very important person who you do not know yet. we must stop trump.'
b"bill gates : capitalism can not save us from climate change nor can socialism, gw alarmism, or any other kind of 'ism!"
b'bill gates is so rich, that he thinks he can buy poverty from africa.'
b'you have always been an idol for me so i would appreciate any help for a student with depression be it advice or financial'
b"it's so funny that people legit think obama is gonna go in their homes and steal their guns from then"
b"bill, i was very proud of you on colbert. you should be too. that's exactly what needed to be said & how."
b'you are right about one thing. this election absolutely is referendum on decency & you have proven you have none!'
b"now now billy... it's just a opportunity to play a course that he can never get on"
b'bio is consuming my life'
b'biology & geometry test tomorrow.. good unamused face'
b'bio test in 3 hours and still do not know have of the material'
b'birds are so cute and dumb and pure'
b'birds that land and then walk across the street... what the fuck is wrong with you?'
b'birthday canceled (thanks )'
b"bitch at subway had hickeys on her neck... that's so attractive..."
b'bitches be 16 and 17 with a twin size bed, talking bout some " i hate sleeping alone ". bitch you have no choice'
b'bitches be hannah montana in front there parents... but miley cyrus on facebook'
b'bitches be havin long captions on a pic " deep within the mountains & a bright sun a gorgeous girl was born. " all i see is a hoe in leggings'
b'bitches be like.. " i do not like you " i be like...? keep calm i do not even know who you are'
b'bitches be on instagram making bath time look like a tropical paradise.'
b'bitches be posting twerk videos on facebook, but be too shy to present their project in class.'
b'bitches be trippin. well, i might have pushed that last one.'
b'bitches be tweeting " i am horny. " what do you want me to do? dm you a dick?'
b"bitches be wear 'n anything. why in the mirror all obese think she sexy"
b'bitches b trying so hard to make you mad! face with tears of joy i am living pretty damn well smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes how can you possibly upset me? ooh smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'bitch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.'
b'bitch move from the sunlight. l hate the smell of burning plastic.'
b'bitch reply back now face with tears of joy unamused face lmfao'
b'bitch you should introduce your top lip to your bottom lip and shut the fuck up.'
b'bizkit the sleep walking dog'
b'finish the rest of my chips right now. im so hungry and tired, i cry. i can not say i will not bc i am not a breakfast person. good'
b'raid. hoping to get on tonight or the weekend. i really suck at it.'
b'blackboard, it was super cool of you to stop working in middle of my online assignment. i really do appreciate it.'
b'i was upset when i saw but oh well worry'
b'so, just to be clear, you think gay people and those that speak other languages are ok, right?'
b'blasting hollywood undead. fuck yeah'
b'blessed to have a bestfriend that knows me better than anybody else and has went through hell & back with me and is still here'
b'*blinks* weekend is over'
b'yeah! i was getting dead excited for some rebel-blasting action'
b'and dry humping the air face with tears of joy'
b'blood work in the morning for testing then another round in the afternoon -life'
b'bloody great'
b'this is a major surprise...'
b'happy birthday david! ignore the haters ; there are plenty of the silent majority that greatly appreciate your work!'
b'oh oh makes sense'
b'blows my mind how girls expect vs & michael kors when i would be the happiest girl in the world if you picked a flower out of the ground 4 me'
b"they're great, it's usually always sunny and rain will creep up on you out of no where. oh! & the humidity kills but i still \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f fl"
b"yea that's stan, tweets get fucked up after several hours of drinking beer, but thanks for noticing."
b'blue is the new black xd'
b'bluntess :perfect nails - or'
b'\xf0\x9f\x94\x8a*blurred lines comes on* speaker with three sound waves me : i hate this song me : ew please turn this off me :me :me :... i know you want it microphone multiple musical notes'
b'i think you will look good after the pool.. even better ur all wet.. just a good gesture to u.. lol'
b'we love you! your family is in my prayers. hope your mom is doing better. praying for wisdom for the doctors too! heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'thanks for a fun evening at the improv class. it was a great introduction. can not wait to take more classes.'
b'when will the video schedule for the be posted?'
b'can not wait and i feel sure you guys hit it out of the park!'
b'it was a harsh way to leave! ;( cool'
b'bodyclock has never been so fucked up. thanks uni expressionless face'
b"nope i'll be closing my account monday once my money comes in"
b'your stupid maintenance fee caused my acct to overdraw. i am already a broke college student. insult to injury. i love it.'
b": sure if i'll pen second half of autobiography : naseeruddin -"
b"pffft i had style before i left easthampton. that's why i knew where i wanted to end up."
b'great show guys am tuned in ready for married'
b'ready for marriage guy is not just-not -ready. he is not emotionally connected to her.'
b'a round of applause for that meta love we stay woke. fuck those who are too asleep to think for themselves'
b'boobs make me forget about all the bad things in the world.'
b'boobs : proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.'
b'booked my first driving test'
b'book review enough bant :'
b'boo, one day left and i did not get to try the wine. it was impossible finding a place that sells this wine. mission failed.'
b'bored? simply send a text message to a random number saying : " i am pregnant "'
b'bored, so i am going to find a kid that looks like me and tell him i am him from the future.'
b'borini has changed this game'
b'borrow money from a pessimist - they do not expect it back.'
b'borrow some tools from your neighbor and return them one by one covered in blood until they move.'
b'boss thinks his 9 and 11 year old kids know all of the lyrics ever better than i do.'
b'both classes canceled tomorrow ha i love life \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"both jason and i got into the weekend overwatch beta. i know he will be happy about that. i suck at fps, but i'll test it."
b'bouta knock this homework out of the park then snuggle with my love \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"boy bands should be exploded from a great height. they're just pretty people singing music written by others."
b'boy do i love running sleepy face'
b'boyfriends that take pictures of their girlfriends and post it with something sweet as heck make me smile so much omg'
b': make time for you, even if it\'s just five minutes of the day. "'
b"boy : hey send me a pic ;)girl : ok... promise you will not show any one?boy : i promise i won't.. friends : daaaaamnnn!"
b'boy : " ily ", girl : " awwww, spell it out boy : " i am leaving you... "'
b"boy. it's cold than a bitch"
b"boy. my living leadership class for college students sure is the bee's knees."
b"boys are dumb and they do not matter. stay cute & pay attention in class baby girl. that's all you'll ever need. not no damn boy grinning face"
b'boys are so cute and so dumb'
b"boys are so dumb like they could stab you in the face with a knife and be like what's wrong why are you mad what did i do"
b"boys are the opposite of sour patch kids, first they're sweet then they're sour"
b'boys fall for me because i trip them with my laptop charger'
b"boys : i do not understand why girls are obsessed with their weight. boys : ew she's fat."
b'boys like blondes better " - my mom. she\'s so supportive of me'
b'boys love to say " believe what you want " when they get caught up in a lie loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'boys need to work on keeping their instagram up to date with good pics. i can not show my mom some pic of a fish you caught 120 weeks ago'
b'boy : so, you like bad boys? girl : yeah. boy : well, i am not trying to impress you or anything, but at walmart i enter through the exit.'
b"boy : spell me, girl : am -e. boy : you forgot the d, girl : there's no d in me, boy : not yet."
b'boys that still get influenced by their friends and treat girls like crap because they think they look smart have a lot a growing up to do smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'boys who arent afraid to tell you when they miss you are the best'
b'boys who are willing to give back massages without anything in return are the ones you keep.'
b'boy these hoes leave the get fake in start fuccing yo nigga a soul i trust'
b'boy : " why do you straighten your hair? " girl : " because it makes it longer. " doctor : " okay, tell me again how you burned your penis. "'
b'boy, you know all i do is stay up all night losing sleep over you'
b'if i can just get through his test tm the rest of the day will be great smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'because that was totally the only issue i raised in this entire discussion'
b"yeah of course, love not having a day off ever and i love hangover sunday's in work"
b"it's been great! smile just busy with college life ha"
b'lol well it is a monday so i automatically am looking like a 10.. face with tears of joy'
b'bragging about drinking and smoking makes you look soooooo coooool'
b"hi. absorb here and i hope you've had a great week so far. it sounds like you're busy as ever"
b"brain : here's a good memory with someone who ended up really hurting you me : why did you bring me this brain : just because"
b'brain : instead of going to bed now, lets stay up another 5 hours doing nothing productive. me : why brain : you gotta'
b"oh that's nice, i do not need some fag to believe me"
b'and quetta is my first favourite'
b'but i am and i am a'
b"breaking news : after the excitement of finishing filing all the b's yesterday, today i start on the c's. work is so exciting! -_-"
b'breaking news : drake has agreed to donate some of his eyebrow hair to lebron james hairline.'
b'i will gladly exchange my right to carry a gun for the right to carry a medical marijuana card.'
b'breaking : vikings rb adrian peterson expected to play sunday vs. saints after missing 1 wk amid child abuse allegations. surprised'
b'break the silence! a voice an echo the good fight'
b'i have to wait until after school to get a card and put money on my itunes account'
b'breathe if you want to date me *everyone holds their breath and dies* oh'
b'love you too jerk'
b'i think she needs more make up!'
b'lol thanks and tell her ima get fucked up face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'oh. yeah. hahaahahaha ugh i luv them all tho smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'yeah. my body is covered in hives'
b'this is more contemptible than the former :'
b'been there, done that... this week actually.. have fun being wide awake until 3:30am face throwing a kiss sending love'
b'we do not have lights, air and no wifi \xf0\x9f\x98\x8ai love la joya smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes "'
b"bro that's so childish like what's the point of a license without a car? thank god my sister drives tbh face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'bring back henery'
b'and i are clearly the best ones on our intramural volleyball team'
b'british women can take a contraceptive injection at home for the first time'
b'i would like to know of you can not seem to get out from under a controlling family member what?'
b'love how your back brit! love you, looking wonderful too'
b'this one is the best second album of you ever \xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4'
b"good then you'll be free this weekend you can treat yourself to awkward animals face with tears of joy yeah girl people were going crazy over here"
b'will follow back hoping to hit 1k asap'
b'broccoli : " i look like a tree. " walnut : " i look like a brain. " mushroom : " i look like an umbrella. " banana : " dude! change the topic. "'
b'hahahaha how i miss sharing a wall with you'
b'bro. i am covered in hives from head to toe.'
b"bro it's only 2:56 smh i swear it feel like 4 or 5 smh i am literally sitting up like it's wayy later in the day smh lol"
b'broken finger and a green card 5 minute penalty. great game ( )'
b"broken phones aren't fun. so if you need to get a hold of me just send me a facebook message."
b'because us discussing who is going to be 1st or 2nd will change or predict how things go..'
b'i need you to go to jail on tuesday morning, sis.'
b'bronchitis, eat infection and a fever. makes for a great start to my labor day weekend'
b'bronchitis is so much fun'
b'i was literally typing out a text about how pinterest just put way too many thoughts in my head ha'
b'brooklyn girls love the way it goes down'
b"well i kinda meant the poor family next door, but they're probably gone. idc bout the upstairs elephants"
b'are you finishing your lab tonight'
b'bros before hoes " is something a bro without a hoe would say.'
b'have spent all day trying to get mfc-j5910dw printer to connect to google account... just get " internal error " happy sad'
b'bro your pizza smell like the inside of my boots after a long hot day at work. do not bring that in the bus'
b': college makes you realize how dumb, broke, and ugly you really are. " shit. that means i have a lot to look forward to'
b'can not wait to feed your kids straight sugar when i babysit next'
b"no wonder there's no food when i come home \xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe"
b'yes those are often words that spring to my mind to describe you'
b'bryson was amazing last night. i love how much he showed his appreciation. really think i might make that move to see him again tonight'
b'btw first rule of asking a question, know the answer.'
b'btw mom, thanks for not waking me up smile missed the doctors appointment'
b"btw, the incoming storm has been upgraded. that's what we like to hear! the forecast was for a few inches on the"
b"it's gonna be so unbelievably lit i am going there for the summer and i swear i am working like never before there"
b': saved yourself being suspended with the " son of pike'
b'awesome. i can not wait. overdue. plus my kids are in school so my lil girl will not beg to come watch'
b'bugs are so rude they just land on you and completely violate your personal space like wtf is your problem man'
b'building without a permit, driving without a license : the tom hyland lifestyle'
b"building women's history games this month. i can not wait to see the finished products."
b'built my own lane aint no nigga ever hand me shit'
b'bumping into people you kinda know but also dont in public is so awkward like do i greet you or pretend you dont exist'
b'bump that music...'
b'bungee jumping is like getting head from an ugly girl. it feels great but just do not look down.'
b'yep and this guy only got 5 weeks'
b'burnt biscuit and hot chocolate that taste like coffee... morning is off to a good start...'
b'burnt my finger on a glue gun looks super and'
b'burnt out, 2 more work days then a nice week off, need some fun back in my life'
b'\xc2\xa9he was loosing his virginity again *'
b'bushy ass eyebrows are great for rain'
b'8-10 am free breakfast + bus ride to polls. 12-2pm free lunch + bus ride to polls. because the dnc loves you all.'
b'absolutely pathetic this is the headline story n not about racist piece of crap egyptian who refused to shake israeli hand'
b'cuz she looks like a clueless liberal whose never created a job in life ever and wants to take more of your money'
b': to invest in any domestic airline : emirates -'
b'this reminds me of batman. he too is a billionaire king in his tall building. he too comes out to clean the swamp outside.'
b'busy day at the office - on here, just brewed up some jet fuel on my bunn k-cup, all while being a fashion scofflaw...'
b"busy day! busy is great... contact us to see what we we're doing and how we can keep you busy developing/ managing your business"
b"busy days but i'd rather be workin hard towards something great than be ignorant enough to sit & wait for it"
b"but also a fire alarm going off when it's freezing and raining is not great"
b'but can not even get 2 them unless i download the app'
b'but glad you do not mind telling people.'
b"but honestly i feel like i've earned my accidental random encounter with a celebrity by now"
b'but how can i sleep when the boys upstairs sound like elephants lol bye'
b'but i can not go to sleep without cleaning my room & getting in the shower \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'but i can not help falling in love with you teach me how to move on from a night filled with pag-ibig at sakit. loudly crying face'
b'... but if twitter crashes cause of news how will i know what some people had for breakfast?'
b'but i have been not to good this year hoping to get back on top next year hit me up if you need event photos doing'
b'but i am glad that bitch da is gone'
b'but i am hurting that i am that excited to see it'
b"but i am like 25% greek (no joke ) through my *sperm donor *'s side of the family i have the right to say gaga is on my homeland lmfaoo"
b'but i am literally terrified of bringing them around whoever i hangout with because of good looks.'
b"but it's cute you thought we were face with tears of joy"
b"but it's the last lab soo good i guess"
b"but i've been wanting them since high school so good for me"
b'but mom what if i get kidnapped? " mom : trust me, they\'d bring you back'
b'but nothing beats marine wife life'
b"but of course, at the end of the day no one cares. if nd loses next weekend at stanford, they suck in many peoples ' eyes"
b'but people begged and begged to change the policy if rain should happen to come past halfway this weekend'
b'but really though smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'but sadly puberty still did not make me hot i am so pissed'
b"but seriously taking college algebra was the best decision of my life. i've never gotten so many 100s on tests face with tears of joy"
b'but surely can save me till death. the apple watch will not save you from death. "'
b'butterflies? i feel the entire zoo in my stomach when i see you.'
b'but the others, hell yeah i have been blasting them all day'
b"loll it's got some really good foggy and matt history & some excellent angst smile"
b'but when i come home from work aint no food cooked for me.'
b'but good because my schedule is cool and i only have tuesday and thursday classes'
b'but youre in love with jerks etc'
b'buy all your socks in one color - problem of the missing sock solved!'
b'buying a donut at store : other guys :2 donuts virgin guy : pack one donut'
b'buy me cute underwear and oversized hoodies and let me fall asleep in your lap'
b'buzzing to work another rangers game'
b'sounds like fun'
b'happy birthday homie love yuh, have a nice day while i work face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b'n i tend to sleep a lot in an attempt to ignore my problems so bye'
b"by all means, if you get a good wife, you'll become happy ; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher."
b'by far the best text i have received in a really long time. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'by sketchy he means he is running things and does not want to get caught'
b'by the end of summer i just wanna be an upgraded version of myself'
b'ummm duh a bunch of lil alex n ashleys are gonna be so funny i cant wait to babysit'
b"cab driver asked me if i like music. i said yeah and now he's blasting magic. why is it always me face with tears of joy"
b"if you're going to silo your ideas then i'll be forced to move this conversation over to geonet."
b'would love to know how willard is still in charge. being up early and missing free throws late is the shu way apparently'
b'caitlin : " guys i am allergic to the cold " me : " except that\'s not a thing " cait : *whips out photo of bare ass covered in hives *'
b'i have that affect on people... jk miss you too. face with tears of joy'
b'calc first thing in the morning was such a great idea'
b'caleb is so stupid, your sister is obviously a murderer. why must the cute ones be so dumb'
b"california mom convicted in daughter's microwave death (wow. the microwave?!?)"
b'your hair was on point today. smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy'
b"calling me ugly isn't even an insult because i know already"
b'calling someone ugly lowers a persons self esteem unamused face cool'
b'call me crazy, but i really prefer the term mentally ill.'
b'i am going to bed cuz a miracle happened and i finished homework before 11, but i wanted to say good night and that ur awesome'
b'call me nemo, cause i am not afraid to touch the butt.'
b'call me old school, but i think your shorts should be longer than your vagina.'
b'call of duty will really have a guy thinking about joining the army... then you realize how many times you died.'
b'call to " disabled people have not got 5 years to wait for a government as too many will be dead by then "'
b'yeah good banter from you'
b"ha by then it'll be a whole new surprise because you might forget you ordered! smile"
b"i'll be thinking if you while i am sleeping lol"
b"does he have a chip is he undefeated and we're still arguing on if he's the best player on his team we know steph is"
b'came out from a test to see that my clippers are doing great loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b': i am perfectly fine with you dumping all of your problems on me, i want to do anything to help you " yey great man do that'
b"i've been waiting for that time soooooo long! i am so happy, i can not wait to see you start posting!!"
b'same like i cant sleep unless its cold i feel like that the only way i can relax'
b'thats fucked up thanks face with tears of joy'
b'you can pay my phone bill too if you want.'
b'algebra 2 is the best'
b'campus alerts make me feel so safe'
b'can 2014 be the year i become attractive'
b'can already tell 3 hour bio labs are gonna be loads fun'
b'can always count on pleasant weather when returning home to england from a holiday'
b'can anyone recommend a good movie to kinda listen to while i stare at my phone?'
b'can a woman make you a millionaire? yes, but only if you are a billionaire.'
b'can be bothered.'
b'cancel brithday plans anguished face great! doing nothing now weary face'
b'canceled the 5:10p parkway express bus without telling the folks on the line until 5:15p. now have to wait for 5:30p. thanks.'
b"cancelled my train again great start to the week. but that's ok because my mate says you're really efficient."
b'cancer or not, for her crimes if convicted, she must spend the rest of her life in jail. " " wow'
b'canelo and cotto are both great fighters and filled with class. i can not wait to see them fight'
b'can everyone come to my funeral in fbi outfits, stand at the back & not say a word to my parents so they think i lived a cool double life.'
b'can go home on d3 night good'
b'can gossip girl come back with a spin off about chuck and blair after marriage? i would binge watch the crap out of that'
b'can i apologize in advance for basically everything i will ever do'
b'can i be in one of music videos? lmao'
b'can i be on the " stars! they\'re just like us! " page in us magazine cuz i shaved one leg but forgot to shave the other.'
b"can i borrow a kiss? i promise i'll give it back."
b'can i copy your homework? " " yeah but i do not know if its right... " " i do not care.'
b"can i get a hell yeah if you do not know what you're doing with your life and you do not get enough sleep"
b'can i get a high five if ur an emotional wreck who eats too much food'
b'can i get a scholarship for eating?'
b'can i get paid to eat because im really fucking good at doing it every 5 mins'
b'can i have her phone number after she loses her virginity, i believe in recycling!'
b'can i have your attention please : oh... i have nothing to say, i just crave the spotlight.'
b"can i just drop it like it's luke warm? it's been a long day and i am tired."
b'can i just fast forward my life to the point where all this pain and suffering is just a bad memory.'
b'can i just get my hair done and it not rain?'
b'can i just move to new york to have a cute lil penthouse already'
b"can i just skip to the part of my life where i've got 7 digits in my bank account and vacation in hawaii"
b'can i play with your hair? " is basically a marriage proposal god yes you can play with my hair'
b'can i see your phone? " " one second " *delete, delete, delete* " okay here you go.'
b'can i sell my feelings cause i dont want them anymore'
b'can i sell my feelings on because i do not want them anymore.'
b'can i skip this whole school thing and go to the part where i am a billionaire'
b'can i skip to the part of my life where i am financially stable and have someone to sleep next to every night'
b'can i sleep for 3 years and wake up with my degree already'
b'can i sleep for 4 years please and wake up with everything that i want'
b'can i sleep one more day? can i have one more sunday? good morning ppl, have a great week \xf0\x9f\x91\xb1\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8e'
b'can i take a break from everyone for just a lil while'
b'can monday come any faster'
b'cannamagazine : cannabis conferences in south florida spark high... - or'
b'can not get enough of new album. it is literally everything. need to see her live, like asap.'
b'can not wait for my train back to leeds next monday after two days on it at the festival next weekend'
b'can not wait for the " why am i tanner than you when you go to school in florida " when i get home'
b'can not wait to hear this kids comments today in class...'
b'can one of my friends have a baby so i can babysit, oh wait i only have one friend, so have a baby.'
b'can someone tell me?out there in twitter land my tweets only go back to 6 days ago? i know i rant on what s safe vehicle toyota are'
b'can still sleep for half hour'
b"can not belive it's our last night in our apartment sad grinning face with smiling eyes face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss xxx"
b'can not decide if i want to put my soup in the microwave for 30 seconds & have luke warm soup or 31 seconds & have 3rd degree mouth burns'
b"can not decide whether to watch monsters university or workaholics rn... it's hard bc they're just so similar!"
b'can not even put into words how wrong last night went either'
b'can not focus on homework because tomorrow is the start of the most awesome week smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"can not get over how good it's gunna be, shame we've got like atleast 2 years to wait xd"
b'can not nobody love more than i can, lol.'
b'cant ride for someone who keeps jumping in and out of the car'
b'can not see the word " literally " without reading it in the voice of rob lowe as chris traeger in parks & rec.'
b'can not sleep at night, can not get up in the morning.'
b'can not sleep. have to be at my store in four hours.'
b'cant someone from internetmana just take the media to the nsa building right now, storm the ramparts and just'
b'can not stop laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy her fake sneeze is sooooo cute face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i like this video and i really love her face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'can not think of a better way to start off my day than with a 8am microbiology class'
b'can not trust no bitches yeah they lie!'
b'can not understand how those quotes are related to the pictures that girls post these days'
b'cant wait 2 dip outta highschool and be done with all the assholes'
b'can not wait for austins cough to go sleeping face'
b'cant wait for class!'
b'can not wait for detention tomorrow'
b'can not wait for kyrie to come back weary face weary face weary face any day now.. cough, cough'
b'cant wait for life to be " fun " once you\'re out of highschool'
b'can not wait for nutrition.'
b'can not wait for the anime only watchers to witness the greatest bromance in history.'
b'can not wait for the day i finally have a cough free day.'
b'cant wait for the day i have my own cute lil apartment in new york with my 2 dogs and boyfriend'
b'can not wait for the game tomorrow. lot of history between me and them smiling face with horns'
b'can not wait for the rain to ruin my hair! \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait for these history quizzes to be history'
b"can not wait for these new episodes of amazon's the man in the high castle."
b'can not wait for this cough to go away so i can run again. babylungs is struggling rn'
b'can not wait for this semester to be over so i will not have to hear this guy cough in class anymore.'
b'can not wait for tonight ; tv & chocolate (&cough mixture ) with boo house with garden'
b'can not wait for videos of niall drunkenly singing history with entire pubs during the hiatus'
b'can not wait for warmer weather so i can just throw on a dress and people will be like " omg you look so cute " and i did not even have to try.'
b'can not wait til i can finally tweet " *insert college* mt class of 2020 " but that will not happen until april so boohoo'
b'can not wait till manziel has sterling shepard next year and josh gordon (if he can stop drinking the cough syrup ). and maybe a decent o line'
b'cant wait til my niece & nephew are 18 and they dont need me to babysit for them anymore and i can bring them to the pub w/ me instead lmao'
b'can not wait to actually start my life. high school is so temporary i feel like some people really forget that.'
b"can not wait to babysit ali's puppy loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'can not wait to babysit niya smiling face with heart shaped eyes lol'
b'can not wait to babysit smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'cant wait to be done with highschool man weary face'
b'can not wait to be married and have married friends and all have houses with a career and have bbqs and big families'
b'can not wait to celebrate my birthday in boot camp... expressionless face'
b'can not wait to come home and get lit! *cough@sylvia_shalah cough *'
b'can not wait to cough all night'
b'can not wait to cough like a maniac through all my classes tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'can not wait to delete everything on my phone to get ios8... unamused face'
b'can not wait to do a whole lot of nothing today...'
b'can not wait to get drenched on my walk to class \xe2\x9a\xa1\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to get my license and own car so i can sing as loud as i want without anyone telling me to shut up'
b'can not wait to get out class i already know what i want to go eat'
b'can not wait to get sweaty as fuck in a pit at courteeners'
b'can not wait to get sweaty in the tache on saturday'
b'can not wait to get this sponsorship *coughcough*'
b'can not wait to get torn to shreds at my piano lesson'
b'cant wait to get up at 3am to stand in the cold with your parents and watch you get sweaty smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'cant wait to get up at 3 and drive all the way to ac'
b'can not wait to get up bright and early tmrw!'
b'can not wait to go back to gate 2 *cough* i mean masoc lol'
b'can not wait to go back to school tomorrow cx it will be friday too. oh da joy'
b'cant wait to go home and babysit'
b'can not wait to go home and do my research paper!'
b'can not wait to go home and suck my birds toes'
b'can not wait to go home, shower, and take some nyquil and pass ouuuuut. this cough is getting ridiculous'
b'can not wait to go to class today'
b'can not wait to go to dallas so i can see what this cough is about seems like an upper respiratory infection persevering face i been sick since halloween'
b'can not wait to go to school tmw to see what my day looks like'
b'can not wait to go to work and cough all over subways aha love being sick'
b'can not wait to graduate highschool and not have to worry about getting called to the principals office for my social media'
b'can not wait to have surgery tomorrow...'
b'can not wait to hear about this surgery tomorrow'
b'can not wait to hear everyone complain if mr. gasser tells us we are running outside today.'
b'can not wait to hear more gossip from my girl about her trip to new york *cough* rap royalty common *cough*'
b'can not wait to make this 10 min walk to class to sit and listen to my bob barker lookin ass prof talk for an hour fifteen.'
b'can not wait to move back to good ole bhs. southside charter highschool is not the place for me, to put it in the nicest way. grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'can not wait to move into our new house, do not worry you can still babysit us, we are still in america.'
b'can not wait too get all sweaty in school?'
b'cant wait to reunite with my middle school friends on monday i missed them so much'
b'cant wait to run for personal foul penalties'
b'can not wait to see tomorrow in this fixture saw the debut of for the club, and the rest is history'
b"can not wait to see gabbert do that next week vs seattle... or maybe i've had to much cough medicine today"
b'can not wait to see more of your breast feeding selfies.'
b'can not wait to see the doctor again for this chronic cough'
b'can not wait to sit in all the traffic at sherrifhall to get to uni'
b'can not wait to sit through 6 hours of lab tonight!?'
b'cant wait to sleep in til... 8 tomorrow... then get up and write my paper lol. ugh'
b'cant wait to start waking up early everyday for my 6am shifts'
b'can not wait to start work in a hour.'
b'can not wait to stay at school for 3 more hours to finish my excel project -_-'
b'can not wait to take my physics test tomorrow!'
b'can not wait to wake up early to babysit!'
b'can not wait to watch my awkward self on video during spanish tomorrow in front of the entire class ((-:::'
b'can not wait to watch the mamas *cough* yg family concert *cough*'
b'can not wait until friday when we get to wear our band uniforms in 90 degree weather?'
b'can not wait until summer shows up again cause that means no school the place i hate with a passion face with tears of joy'
b'can not wait until this daft cough goes away so i can get back to the gym.'
b'smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes so in love with this smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'*cant wake up in the morning* *cant fall asleep at night *'
b'can not we just go back to the time where we are so close to each other. just talking about how we love bands. just fangirling. im missing it.'
b'can you imagine if someone gave you a list of all the little things they love about you like the way you sneeze or how you subconsciously bite ur lip!'
b'can wait till i start school smirking face bout to fuck it up'
b'can wait to start my day bright and early tomorrow'
b"can walmart be a feeling? i think that's how i feel today."
b'can we just appreciate the sushi i made from scratch (ignore the rest of my kitchen )'
b'can we just round up all the people who are still enthusiastically playing " blurred lines " and quarantine them somewhere'
b'can we skip school and fast forward to when i am rich and spend all my time traveling?'
b'can we skip this whole " college " thing and go straight to the part where i have a really awesome job and spend all my time traveling?'
b'can we talk about how i got stuck at work for 9 hours today lol cool'
b'can you back off my best friend? before you piss me off too, that would be great thanks unamused face'
b'can you come in at 6 am? sure...'
b'can you die from constipation? i am a little worried with how full of shit some people are.'
b'can you imagine the first ever cuss word? bob : fuck! james : what was that? bob : i do not know.. it just felt.. right'
b'can you please just like evaporate or somehing bc your face and personality just happen to piss me off. thanks smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'can you tell i am trying to impress people at work?'
b"you got us babe no worries ;)) we're always here and love you more than any one of those low life jerks around you ever could"
b'capitalism needs so much more than that and democratic socialism has a lot to say on the matter'
b"good idc if i'll have to go with you to your classes again lol i need to make another trip up it's much needed!"
b'i never stopped being mad about that i am just manipulating them'
b"career goal : be the guy at now that's what i call music! who listens to everything and decides what's music."
b"care less and you'll stress less."
b'aaaaw just looked at the pic again! he sounds like a right charmer face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'care plans suck weary face'
b'carl b phillips - great rain | yes lord radio - tune in ='
b'i am not really sure why a redskins fan would not like you making fun of the cowboys.'
b'interesting piece on victorian crime writing'
b'it was a good comeback though'
b'car rides without music = awkward'
b'do ur homework so you can get real smart and get a super awesome job & buy all the food you want and so you can go cool places \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9d\xa3'
b'car tax, mot & insurance all due by the end of next month, hate that it all falls right at christmas time too! expressionless face'
b'cartoons : the only place where you can wear the same thing everyday and nobody cares'
b': dude beside me in class never comes on thursdays and brought a drink in a red solo cup today. " my bfffff'
b'how do i sleep after that great perfomance? nyovest ur great'
b'but it makes cycling in the rain a lot more comfortable and enjoyable'
b'casually looking online for a new car... because i am totally in the market to make that kind of purchase smirking face pensive face'
b'first class - only complaint, please make the episodes an hour long instead of half an hour. absolutely fantastic show.'
b'cat cafe is opening on college st. soon. excuse me while i line up to be covered in hives from kitty snuggles \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb'
b'catching the bus to town is so dear now, its cheaper just to buy a day saver'
b"catching up on vs leicester and wishing i hadn't. i'd give my right arm for some players with the desire and directness of lcfc."
b"catch me (i'm falling ) [hd ] - pretty poison in joy video time is over disappointed face"
b'are you still there? i have to prepare myself for school but i wanted to wait for you before you sleep kissing face with closed eyes'
b'cats would be even more stuck up if they knew how much the internet loves them.'
b'cause homework is fun'
b'cause nothing like you and me'
b"cause that's just makes me feel wonderful"
b'cause when i take night pics & will i be able to download music without got though the apple store'
b'cause you my noy and got done arguing who was the best'
b'cause your doing so much convincing!'
b'i literally just stepped on a mechanical pencil while cleaning my room a gigantic piece of led then got in my foot'
b'how do people with that sensitive an allergy even function out of their homes? i love my peanuts, can not imagine life without them.'
b"amazing work on the history of x -men, can not wait till you get a hold on one of my fav childhood saga's aoa"
b'if a suspect is fair skinned and has blonde hair and blue eyes do you hunt for a dark skinned, dark haired, brown eyed suspect? no!'
b'thank you justin for bringing us the weather in the morning. now you can reset your alarm clock!'
b"you're being talked about on by said he heard you busking and love your voice!"
b'i have not done homework since the first day of school'
b'never underestimate the power of hand written thank you cards'
b"better to read it. it's hilarious. that might be fun to tweet as a movie it's just a slog and they have zero chemistry together."
b'i know shes hurting me today \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90 and shes excited to meet her little tater thotnie \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'celebrating throwback thursday by throwing back some benadryl in an attempt to sleep what a time to be alive am i right people'
b'cell phones have completely ruined the fun of pushing a fully clothed person into a pool.'
b'at least there is feminism to comfort you :'
b'cereal is an acceptable meal at all times of the day'
b'cereal is an appropriate meal to eat at any hour of the day'
b'cesc fabregas says he has been suffering sleepless nights during miserable season :'
b'yeah i had eric josh and some other clown blasting me for something that had 0 to do with danny'
b'champagne exploded all over hotel bedroom floor and my dress. great start to the'
b'ha they were never nice. guess i am not cool enough pensive face'
b'changed my wi -fi network name to being_held_captive_call_police_not_joking and got no response. my neighbors are worse people than i thought'
b'changing my twitter name to ~~september~27th~~'
b'we just had a test bro i passed it great 79'
b'chapstick is an entire industry based on you losing the product and buying more.'
b"that shit was my jam everyday in highschool lol. i can not wait for the new game even tho it's over hyped."
b'fuck you i am busy on your bday bitch " you literally will not be my friend anymore.'
b'um excuse me sir, but it was our first day of calculus, did i miss the homework already or did you mean in the future?'
b'you should come! diane and i will entertain you and make you eat food that you will either love or make you wanna puke face with tears of joy'
b'cheating is not an accident... falling off a bike is an accident! you do not trip and fall into coochie'
b"cheating on someone who is all about u? you're dumb as fuck"
b'checked my checking account and it has a balance of -$5. 64. the real world is fun'
b'checking out pitch night at can not wait to see what this class has come up with.'
b"check out this week's wrap of interesting digital literature from"
b'wth why did you go and i got stuck babysitting?!? in 30 minutes, fab dropped coke and chips and ripped up pieces of papers.'
b'cheeks hurting from smiling much feel happy proud excited dont know which should feel first 5hgroupoftheyear'
b"cheer up! you're the reason that other people feel better about themselves."
b'same talent as you. blowing people to get where you are'
b'valium is much better 3 1/2 hr nap and doesnt matter about screaming kids totally oblivios to everthing but sleep'
b'oh yeah, been up working since 315am. probably not as early as you. have a blessed week.'
b'forever laughing at your tweets about upstairs elephants & thinking of the tiki dancer. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i am done.'
b'chem homework and waiting for my next class. such an awesome album'
b'chemistry exam tomorrow means i am gonna be up all night and look like a mess in the morning. good school!'
b'chemistry has decided to work today. this is a fun new thing.'
b'chemistry is fun actually face with tears of joy'
b'chemistry is fun relieved face but you cool i knew you since forever and we still cool you my lil dude with yo ugly ass'
b'chemistry was way much more fun when mrs. brock was the teacher microscope'
b'chem lab is pretty exciting'
b"miss you on the tube in stl but i'd give my right arm to have extended time in nz. hope it's going well for you!"
b'chez say today my last day on twitter he say it must go face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'really i can not wait until tomorrow to watch it but i will cause i took cold meds for my cough'
b'chicks be putting anything on their face talking bout some " face beat " yesssss literally your face looks beat up weary face loudly crying face'
b"chief keef is still outside the vma's pushing the door that says pull"
b'childhood is like being drunk everyone remembers what you did except you.'
b'children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.'
b'chilling with the sis'
b'chilly and sunny the next several days. no real rain chances until the weekend'
b'" goddess is good " thank you 4 all ur wisdom, these girls are still " wet behind their ears ", and need to be schooled, ol \' school.'
b'chinese food to go to get it 62getting home and realizing they forgot 1 of your containers... riceless'
b'yeah i guess but why you being a child n blasting my twitter when you can tell me whatever you think'
b"chips have little nutritional value. that's why you need to eat the whole bag."
b'choked in front of everyone in the lounge today and thought i was gonna die.. highlight of my day unamused face'
b'choose a job you love & you will never have to work a day in your life. - confucius'
b'choose your friends carefully. they are the ones who tag you in photos.'
b"chose video games over talking about homework with me. wow. i am shocked. thanks bae. leave in my time of need that's awesome thanks."
b'chris brown ft tyga & ty - nothing like me'
b'i am very proud of the parent you are and will become.'
b'im 47 and ive never seen dancemoves like this you just blew me away that was like some matrix elusion wowwwwww'
b'chris brown is beating up people who are more talented than he is. so everyone on the planet is next. except you flo rida, you can chill bro'
b"chris brown might just be in a fight club that he's not allowed to talk about."
b"when my teacher ask who the finest music artist you already know it's you like whoever think you ugly retarded"
b'& you run the state! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy "'
b'i can not wait til your book finally comes out so i can read it to all my cousins and kids i babysit grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight i blew off homework for three ap classes to see the martian with my cousin, and i have zero regrets. (film was awesome )'
b'would we be able to get past racism if everyone admitted they are racist?'
b'snap story is a funny as this'
b'so i was gonna spam but i noticed that you already hit 6k awkward but good'
b'love your brutal honesty because you say exactly what most are thinking. are you truly a celebrity?\xf0\x9f\xa4\x94'
b'what if you fell and broke your jaw? you would have told yourself a million times, " i should have eaten the damn crepes "'
b'christian mingle : god has hidden a spouse for you on our website. pay us and see if you can find them.'
b'well that was close game'
b'christmas is all about family... and harassing your exes & ruining their holiday'
b"christmas is in 4 days and i've never felt less christmassy in my life"
b'christmas is less than a week away... who else does not feel the excitement?'
b'awesome! glad i wrote that reference'
b'chubbybluntz : ready for the drive down to oregon! - or'
b"i took a break too - was burnt out. just have fun and enjoy some down time. hang in there, it'll be worth it!"
b'cianna is flyer than most'
b'yea because a bloody mary for supper would really stack on the pounds ha'
b'what a great guy! this busy mom needs to remember this tomorrow morning!'
b'thank you for hiring the most inconsiderate staff that lack customer service skills to run your facilities.'
b'great campaign. dumping is way too common place'
b'thanks for the help unamused face'
b'why not fall asleep with the person you fell in love with?'
b'my license was suspended without my knowledge lol'
b"yeah that's it ha"
b'clase solo d videos... good what fun pouting face'
b'classes on fridays are the worst, i hate this day weary face'
b'class from 8 -5:45... what a perfect day'
b'class til 10. so friggin excited'
b'classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a test : f final grade : f'
b'physics and chemistry are so fun'
b"claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces. for example : i am going to the liquor store and i am scared that it's closed."
b'might get a loan. ask your work. surely working at a bank has its perks. or just rob your work on your lunch break'
b'clay and i are having wayyyy too much fun with the new voice filters on snapchat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'cleaning my room is just putting away clothes, bc before i put them away they take over my floor!'
b'cleaning the car is sooo fun -. -'
b'cleaning up room before leaving joho. is playing in the background.'
b'clean ur room the cleaning lady is coming " -mom'
b'clear history button has saved lives more than all superheroes ever did.'
b"clearly not the only one who wants dev's alarm clock from thank you internet!"
b"cleverley texted me saying he hopes the best for me and that he's going to come back and take my job"
b'if you have green eyes, they will look super good on you! i have dark brown eyes & they look pretty natural, perfect amount of'
b'clifford - disabled people do not have 5 years to wait for labour govt., too many of our brothers and sisters will be dead'
b'clinical is love'
b'clinic all day next week since school is out \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. those days will drag!'
b"clinicals at dr. budai's office makes me love kids more & more each day loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'clinicals in the a. m... gotta love those early mornings'
b'clinicals suck so bad, but i love it at the same time grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'clinton soccer walkin around like they run shit lol'
b'clippers might as well play this fast pace from now on if they can shit. they low key better built for it'
b'close my fucking door when you leave my room.'
b'closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.'
b'closing in on 20,000 words. hoping to hit halfway point before i sleep. this is what i get for starting 10 days late!'
b'closing tonight then gotta wake up early for a lab tomorrow white frowning face'
b'club goin \' up!.. on a tweet us or for ft. " tuesday "'
b"it'd be nice to know if you got hurt. thanks for keeping in the loop"
b"you're funny! do other countries ever help out like we do with world problems?!?!"
b'pre calc is off to a strong start this year "'
b'cnat wait for my little get away this weekend, finally,., now to call bryners mother so she can babysit. lol'
b'i made up my mind as quickly as that myself. charlie'
b'well the threat of a lawsuit is one way to keep people from telling the truth about you.'
b"yeah shoe and hand size is such a lie i used 2 fuck a guy massive hands and feet 4 inches hard at best and that's being generous"
b'i will tell you all you lost millions of viewers do not think when election is over & ur done kissing hillary ass alls forgiven'
b'are we supposed to believe rio,who gave us raining stairs & green pools?or do we believe the video that shows them lying on ground?'
b'all weekend the bottom of the screen read " trump says only way he loses pa is if dems cheat " no other news to cover.'
b'breaking news black man does not fall in line what are we to do'
b'let me guess he just wants to move on and put this behind him. mf'
b'politics is in their blood. even at their current age.'
b'so, after his vaca? good to know the american people come second to his golf game.'
b'come on wolf. do not act surprised, some systems are rigged, others broken. will you ever get specific? or do you like things this way? speak no evil monkey'
b'left out that she had something to say to obama not acknowledging support.'
b'did i just witness the mayor arguing with a clinton lawyer?\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b'who the hell is page pate and why do we have to listen to him dismiss the influencing of an election.'
b'every time a question was asked of dt and his people the answer has to include the clintons. would rather hear a straight answer.'
b'except for trump, he goes in the basket of deplorables.'
b'give me a fuckn break like get a life ppl'
b'having a discussion about black people with more white people is like men deciding if women should be paid more'
b'how are we supposed to know wtf he is talking about or what he means if his people do not know. and not because of cheating'
b'how can anyone be closer to trumps? he does not have one.'
b'hows do it feel to be part of the corruption for the democrats?'
b'i do not know why i feel this guy ll take the world to 3rd world war, his mistake about russia can make him hitler'
b'if he wants to sit down let him sit on the bench'
b"if you feel the need to post negative hateful comments, it's because you're insecure about your own sexual preference. psychology 101"
b'if you go there, please do not block the road. you have a choice 50% of the time.'
b'i know a lot of people find this funny when it really is not funny. hormonal changes are bad for both men and women.'
b"i think that's how fat women feel when sizzler cuts them off at the buffet."
b'i wonder if there is an upset stomach from important personages of europe and america, you will find " russian trace "?'
b'the fact that trump has many people at his rallies does not mean they are all voting for him! they just want to see the clown'
b"i hope kelly anne smart enough get paid for the pile of poo she's sniffing lol all trumps puts out pile of poo pile of poo and more pile of poo"
b'lets not wait, potus needs to get it started gop is saying same thing, lets get it done, leaving everyday.'
b'so i am guessing huge corporations like walmart just found a way to get paid to advertise'
b'maybe this will stop the gop from being so vehemently anti-evolution and science.'
b'i have you know that bellursconi never did an honest day of work in his life!'
b'amazing cnn found this guy yet seem to miss this.'
b'first of all what was the actress doing by hovering in front of a billionaire money rest also for money now also for money????'
b'she can not even start a piss up in a beer garden. totally inept!'
b'hillary could teacher a thing or two about staying with her husband through the ruff times'
b'which means she is guilty and his track record of honesty is great they are all corrupt liars'
b'how can a person under fbi investagation run for the most powerful position on the planet? time is up'
b'if the democrats did not have anything to hide, they would not be in this situation. they should have learned this from hillary'
b"it's funny but this email scandal is so similar to wmds in iraq. a lot of nothing. seems to be the republican way now."
b'mika was doing what other hosts refuse to do. she wanted a clear response to a narrow question, not a letter to the exitor.'
b"minorities continue 2 vote for progressive policies that are only designed to enslave them. it's undeniable. hopefully they wake"
b'people who is thinking abt vote for trump need to check their mental stage.'
b'i like speaker ryan, i think his heart is in th he right place. it is the establishment that is leaning on him.'
b'race baiting as normal cnn... that is why your ratings are falling through the floor.'
b"can keep deleting emails and making mistakes and i'll still vote for her before i vote for a savage"
b"that chinese billionare's son is crazy, if i would have eight iphone 7s, i will give 7 to my friends and 1 for me"
b'the police showed their bias in this case. how do you determine he is a bad man from a helicopter. also a cop do not know taser vs gun'
b"there is a group of words i never thought i'd see put together in a sentence."
b'this is news? i used to do gnash all the time when i was a kid. my dog could write a better story.'
b"trump will ruin this country! he is a compulsive liar and he does not care about any1 but his self! y'all wake up! retweet"
b'we got to stand strong together because it makes the world a better place to live.. love our world and the people on it...'
b'well if the us govt will not give us the info the praise to for enlightening our public.'
b'i left that bank years ago bc they were thieves even back then! does not surprise me!'
b"what a crook and scammer! and he wants to be president?!! and dares to ask other countries to pay up when he doesn't?!!"
b'wtf how did colin powell get in this, as smart as she is, does she really need to try to throw powell under the bus'
b'yuck face with medical mask nothing like home cooking.'
b'all kitted out and on way home to test out all my new gadgets!'
b': i like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone " i am truly 1 of a kind davido fa'
b"she's also really woke and cool you'll love her"
b'coffee - because most people frown on alcohol first thing in the morning.'
b'coffins are creepy unless you put fluorescent lights inside and tell people it will make them tan.'
b"wait, i wasn't supposed to use a sharpie on my computer screen"
b"and hopefully clocks can stop so i can enjoy this amazing day and the rush of blood to the head it'll be so much fun i'lleverglow"
b'please come to nepal when you guys are in mumbai.. just a half an hour flight'
b'cold room. rainy weather. no sound from alarm clock. i can not remember the last time i got to enjoy something like this. thank you, lord! black heart suit'
b'colds are the best'
b"cold weather can trick your body into missing someone who's terrible for you."
b"i know, i am sure you've had nothing but water since you arrived."
b'yeah no lie. it was a fender in it to begin with ha'
b'college algebra for 2 hrs turn up'
b'college algebra for 2 hrs turn up " schombezzy is trill doe. tell my homie i said yo'
b'college has been great, i have nothing big to complain about. i have awesome teachers and more homework sucks, but i procrastinate less now'
b'college is 50% stressing out and 50% hoping you get hit by a car'
b"college is a lot like preschool. you sleep a lot, miss your mom and have no clue what's going on."
b'college is cool bc if you relax for 5 seconds then all of a sudden ur failing 11 classes even tho ur only taking 5'
b"college is fun b/c one second you think you have your life together and the next you're having a breakdown and questioning all life choices"
b'college is fun unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b': not only did i get out of bed today, i also shaved my legs. so yeah, you could say i am a real person "'
b'catch us at top 6 or face with tears of joy'
b'boo for the wind but good for the sun! still pouring down rain here - 3/4 " yesterday & 1/2 " so far today w/lots more to come'
b'come home from the gym and again, no food is cooked'
b'come home from work to my sister asleep & a fridge w/ no food'
b'we love you! your hair is just in an argument! it will be okay! they will come back together soon!'
b'come home to any empty house ; no food'
b'come home to everyone asleep and no food'
b'come home to no food anywhere in the house smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e'
b'come home wit no food on the stove sleepy face'
b"come on people if you're gonna walk at night smoke a cigarette or something so i can see you, can not be having any more dents in my car."
b"come over 2 the dark side child, he's good!"
b"come rain or shine, there's no better way to explore than by bike or foot"
b'come right in the door and start bitching nice to see you too!'
b'comfort food is a myth. via'
b'comforting to know my heel was bleeding the whole day..'
b'coming back from an exam and seeing this would be great'
b'coming back from the health center to a nice fire drill smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'coming home after work and doing nothing is so great'
b'coming home to an exploded iphone 3gs in your drawer is always fun'
b'coming home without mom waking up and doctors who still do not know sucks. i like roller coasters... but not this'
b'coming to school only to take a test.. but forgetting the test slip at home'
b'commence six months of the clock in my car being wrong.'
b"comments on girls ' dps normal guy : beautiful pic page admin : wow! such a beauty, follow for more."
b'commerce insurance is expensive for no fucking reason'
b'common sense has become so rare it should be classified as a superpower.'
b'compared dentist giving candy to evils of capitalism? if socialism is great, y did ur dad escape cuba? genius'
b"completely forgot about a bunch of homework that was due today so that's super awesome"
b'computer lab for the remainder of tonight, wish i had got a nap'
b"computers love to update when you're doing homework. stupid technology"
b'computers were build in state labs with tax money, nothing to do with capitalism, more like socialism'
b'computer : wanna update thisme : surecomputer : you have to restart your com-me : never mind'
b'computer : " wanna update this? " me : " sure " computer : " you have to restart your computer - " me : " f*ck you "'
b'if the burning bushes start speaking in god-like tones, ask if we stand a chance with the next potus'
b'concussions are coool.'
b'condom to tampon, " you put me out of a job for 1 wk a month! " tampon replies, " when you do not do your job properly, i lose mine for 9 months! "'
b'confirmed dick appointment shorts'
b'confused about the me? yeah me too. and no point listening to government they lie.'
b'congestion is the best feeling in the world'
b'congrats on a season for the history books! can not wait to watch you again next season!'
b'congrats on your win white smiling face have a nice restful day off and lots of luck and love for saturday \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b"congrats on your secret admirer! must be nice having someone who's ashamed to admit they like you!"
b'congratulations on being such a respectable young adult. really. your attitude, actions and words are truly something to look up to.'
b'congratulations on your ability to create drama out of absolutely nothing.'
b'congratulations to our year 6 pupils who all passed their cycling course, even in torrential rain'
b'how did your keynote go? we hope it went well as we love seeing iot being talked about.'
b'do you have any ideas of interesting philosophy literature on this? have vague memories of ug philosophy of mind'
b'conservative party conference in birmingham end of this month, can not wait'
b"considering that iron man and batman's only real superpower is being super rich and smart, bill gates turned out to be a real disappointment"
b'constantly losing socks in the laundry but finding change. so logically there has to be a sock fairy.'
b'contemplating if i should attempt to sleep again or to try and stay awake the entire day which i do most of the time.'
b'contemplating whether or not i should go to class after being emotionally attacked weary face'
b'contemplating working on my day off to make up for the holiday break but dont rly want to neutral face'
b'conversations with my aunt. ya were totally related.'
b'convincing win for well done'
b': i love being ignored by you smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'cool app for food allergy info at restaurants! groovedish'
b'yeah, i know ima be blasting it in my car'
b'cool breeze here in school smile'
b'cool lets not fix the things you do not need parts for and do not tell me we need to order other parts'
b'cool love being talked about behind my back'
b'cool seeing all the short girls get fucked up in a mosh pit while they just standing there hoping not to get hit'
b'cool things about being a turtle :1. born with a free house attached to you 2. super chill 3. could potentially mutate into a ninja'
b"cop : ma 'am, what's in the bottle? me : just some water. cop : ma 'am that's wine... me : jesus did it again!"
b'cops love donuts... just not when you do them on a four lane highway.'
b'cops said " your eyes look red, you been smoking weed? " i said " your eyes look glazed, you been eating donuts? "'
b'not really. men can not talk about their problems without being laughed at or made fun of'
b"well i really appreciate it - just so busy these days-haven't been promoting it :o ) you have a great weekend now corey xoxo!"
b': please please please go leave a comment or'
b"corner for arsenal! surely that's a goal"
b'corr! i tell ya, families know how to make it all better (y )'
b"well i'll be honest with ya, it's much too late"
b'nothing like seeing a fitty and shoving your number under his window wiper face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'same. i am happy for ot4 and zayn, but my ot5 heart is hurting rn. i am excited and sad at the same time smh'
b'*coughmedicine lasts for 45 minutes* *has to wait 4 hours to take it again *'
b"cough syrup + hot toddy = adele's gonna have to wait until whenever the hell i wake up"
b'could be : if you ever feel good about yourself remember that some people can make smoke rings.'
b"could it be the world is waking up? it's about time ~!"
b"couldn't apple at least give us a free album we actually liked"
b"couldn't be anymore exhausted but i can not sleep! fantastic."
b"couldn't sleep well, woke up with a bad sore throat, went to the doctor and found out i have tonsillitis."
b'could swear that was an that woke me up a half hour ago. struggling to get back to sleep.'
b'could you imagine if alex trebek had a twin? double jeopardy'
b'could you please hold this for a second *hands you my problems and runs away *'
b'couples halloween costumes always end up looking like one person went along with it to save the relationship.'
b'courtney why you arguing with them? face with tears of joy we know who the best is. no need to explain \xf0\x9f\x85\xbf\xef\xb8\x8f. knowing how 2 dribble and shoot does not make you the best. confused face'
b'yeah i got stuck babysitting ryan after work'
b'i love supporting you guys but this exec sleepout never goes down well w me.'
b'covered in hives & cant breathe i just wanna sleep wtf'
b"covered in hives from the stress. that's how my life is going."
b'covered in hives wondering why i am still alive.'
b'yo really good job at the titans game yesterday.. lol'
b'co -worker : dance your way to the car so we can film it. me : ummm no. a video hoe'
b'cracking my screen was a lovley way to start my morning'
b'crack your egg put it back in the carton you wanna be famous see your face on a carton - lyrical genius waka flocka face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'crap... i am so tired i only shaved one leg anguished face'
b'good i was too tired to comment when i finally saw it last night, but thanks for the ping.'
b'crazy busy day with what began with the maintenance man arriving to inspect. beautiful start to my friday'
b'crazy girls be like.. " if i flirt, is that cheating? " if i slap you with my left hand even tho im right handed did you still get slapped?'
b'crazy girl with yellow shirt and braids - has got to go!'
b'crazy how if boys had an argument they could be friends again 2 hours later, whereas girls would be going strong w that grudge 2 years on'
b'crazy how we all died in 2012'
b"crazy that it's already time for finals loudly crying face first one is tomorrow & it has to be in lab. good disappointed face"
b'crazy that we can put a man on the moon but can not make a single song lyrics website that will not give my computer 1000 viruses immediately'
b'its great to see you staying busy!'
b'crazy times + crazy friends = a memory you will never forget.'
b'i know carnt wait it will be fun a private security firm trying to bully the public there will be blood spilt not the people'
b'not really... do not really like them making fun of him like that'
b'congratulation cristiano to be the winner of europe best player award and i hope you will win ballon de or this year'
b"need one for my team where's ur ps4 fag"
b"sounds fun smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes idk their music's just not really my kind"
b'barty chuckled gently at the thought of her final sentence. " enough blood will be spilt for you and i to have our fun. i\'d -'
b'cruel joke :text your ex " omg. i am so sorry i forgot to tell you something " right now and never respond.'
b'crushes are called crushes because they crush everything you fucking stand for'
b'crutches are gonna be my new friends.'
b': time has been passing by so fast "'
b'crying at work is fucking amazing loudly crying face'
b'crying at work is just awesome. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"crying does not always mean you're weak, it just means you've been strong for too long."
b'crying is the best thing ever.'
b'crying my eyes out at 1:46am is always a fun time'
b"crying wont make them comeback, saying 'i do not care ' does not stop you from caring, and holding it all in wont make you any stronger."
b"hey y'all! we teach sushi classes on campus & would love to come to athens. see website for details!"
b'c tars trap music makes my day is spanish'
b'why he dressed like one of them isis guys? a good look man'
b'i am wonderful honestly just can not wait for reality to hit! ha! yes your man is sooo in love w you &f a all 2 do w daddy'
b'what wit you getting up in my bid-ness about where i am gettin my love from! when i get back i am beatin you up!'
b'cucumber vodka? i barely want to eat vegetables as it is much less drink them recreationally.'
b'cuddle weather is the best weather like hell yes give me all the fuzzy blankets in the world idgaf if i suffocate i love blankets'
b'i totally love the show but are all the casts on twitter. there seems to be arguments over saffron!'
b'culture is a good word. we get caught up in it. we are afraid to be individuals any more. we want to be accepted, so we go along.'
b'curled up in a ball, listening to slow and sad music... love spending my nights like this'
b'curling your hair but having straightened side bangs is not okay, and it never will be.'
b'current emotion : i need money'
b'current emotions : i need money, i need food, i need new clothes, i need happiness.'
b"currently arguing who the best male actor is in my human development class. apparently it's not will smith"
b'currently covered in hives and i do not know why'
b'currently covered in itchy hives on my face and neck so shout out to my new scarf for that'
b"currently doing 2 homework assignments at the same time cause my life's just that awesome"
b'currently in a tow truck going back to morgantown and i have a test in 6 hours'
b'currently losing sleep because of the office.'
b'currently : not doing homework, sitting in bed, eating plain raw spinach.'
b'currently running on 3 hours of sleep'
b'currently waiting for bae to just call out of the blue and be extremely sweet for no reason.'
b'& currently wondering if my upstairs neighbors are elephants'
b'current mood : tired and stressed out'
b'current stress level : when kim kardashian lost her earring in the ocean'
b'cute guys : taken pretty girls : taken nerds : taken goths : taken athletes : taken that girl with 20 cats : taken everyone : taken me : single'
b'cute very cute. because i said the fights are dumb. do you actually nokea?'
b'cut your hair they say, it will grow back healthier and faster they say unamused face'
b'cuz i would so win...'
b"lmaoo what like they do not have sex for love, it's like doing to the doctors or whatever? yeah i have!"
b'cycling be like-rain, broken shoes, burst tyre omfg this kind of luck'
b'cycling cancelled due to rain, 60% sad'
b'cycling in the rain at night, without lights and a helmet, might top that'
b'cycling in the rain is legit the worst thing ever'
b'cycling in the rain is the worst part about uni'
b'cycling in the rain. we have better solutions. come see us for your winter gear.'
b'cycling in this rain is hell'
b'cycling tmr bicycle hope it does not rain'
b'cycling to work with no mad wind/rain is tough. are there classes one can take to cope with such conditions? you would not be used to it, like'
b'yes mami its soo good inside this wet kitty and sooo tight mmm'
b"dad can i go to a 50 cent concert? dad : here's take your sister too"
b'because you would total approach them and start a conversation'
b'dad is in such a good mood.'
b'dads are either too nice or assholes there is no in between'
b'dads house makes me feel like i am camping. no phone service, 10min hot shower then cold and only shaved one leg weary face and the wifi sucks ass'
b'dad : who is your best teacher? me : google.'
b'dad : why are your eyes so red? son : i smoked weed, dad. dad : do not lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.'
b'my dad use to beat my ass with a belt. best man i know. how about her allowing her kid to cross dress??'
b'yeah that seems odd, banging a gorgeous 30 year old chick when you are 62 should be depressing. it is for me.'
b'i am sure this scum has money hidden somewhere so he can live comfortably.'
b'never heard of her before but at least there does not seem to be one kim article today. happy days'
b'1. get a job. 2. keep the job 3. save money so you can buy a house like everyone else has to do!! oh and 4. buy condoms.'
b'so smith is now a mind reader as well as not believing in the democratic vote to leave the eu'
b'" you see the railing here : tells you do not go over & try 2take pictures ; people take chances ; ends up like this. "'
b'ye that was very clear if you want to join the a483 from m53 - a55 you can not whoever put that together wants'
b'dalton is the absolute best algebra tutor/boyfriend/person alive heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'but fun fact i wrote the words using a plastic micropipet that i stole from chemistry'
b'damn boy are you liquid eyeliner because i am pretty sure i am gonna fuck this up'
b'damn excited but can not wake up at 5am'
b'damn, friday the 13th, shitty thing was people were crying, it was cold as fuck and pouring rain. yay.'
b'damn girl are you a daft punk cd because i just want to skip to get lucky and not listen to the rest of what you have to offer.'
b'damn, girl, are you terms and conditions? because i just want to blindly agree to whatever you say.'
b'damn girl what do that mouf do " me : " well complain, whine, throw some attitude'
b'damn it! a bumper sticker just changed my entire worldview, again. this happens like 3 times a day.'
b'damn it i was hoping to work on my crossovers before i hit this audition'
b'damn i waited till the last minute to finish my lab write up and i really do not want to do it tonight loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'damn i was waiting for meghan and charlie to start dry humping'
b'damn lol jus got done cleaning my whole room, finally'
b'damn mom back at it again yelling for no damn reason'
b'damnnlyssa : purple wreck - or'
b'damnnnnnn girrrrrrrl are you a fire detector? cause you are really fucking loud and annoying.'
b'damn thanks for the easy money! glad it got " canceled " if you want to donate again tomorrow i am free to challenge!'
b'damn that pussy is good and wet \xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6 rt to see me fuck that pussy good smiling face with horns'
b'damn this weekend is going to suck.'
b'i played your snapchat and you yelled i love ya and my volume was super loud and now my dad is questioning me'
b'dance like no one is watching, f *** like your ex is.'
b'dancing about to my number while making fajitas. i need a fag'
b"dancing in my seat as i've been here for 4 hours and still have another one to go"
b'this site just makes me want to do business with them!'
b"ha when it opens i'll be moving to a new village where i have only like 5 neighbors but thats what you get for being so rich"
b'aha omg i remember getting wrong for royah copying me ha she literally only used a sentence'
b"omg yes! i've been waiting for ever for you to invite me!"
b"not really, only for this tournament. i try to play men's open tournaments if i have the time - it's fun."
b'lol can not wait to babysit'
b'danny welbeck is definitely arsenal\'s " sturridge "'
b'danny welbeck is definitely doing for arsenal what sturridge is and has done for liverpool!'
b'good i am heading to school in awhile though so text me nalang if ever hehehe'
b'i am rock and roll now dan... never pay less than 300 notes for a sarnie'
b'yeah we could tell i needed a break by english class today face with tears of joy can not wait! love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i was really hoping it wasn\'t autocorrect and they had actually said " hit the quran "'
b'dario was going to be the best and come over after school and teach me algebra so i would not get behind but my mom will not let him confused face'
b"i'll take it exam"
b'dark tower movie looks good as hell'
b'darn i suck. my laziness got the best of me this weekend.'
b'darn it, i forgot to take pictures with trees today.'
b'i bet outside magazine wishes it could do the same thing.'
b"date a guy that says things like : drive safe text me when ur home let's hang out w ur fam please be careful how was ur day im so proud of you"
b'date a hot baseball player orrrrrrrrrrrr the ex that fucked you over but claims he still loves you... decisions decisions'
b'dating is weird you spend all ur time with one person and take pictures and make memories then you break up and none of it matters anymore'
b'dating me is like dating a 12 year old cause i am almost never serious and i am always joking around and being sarcastic'
b'dating someone based only on looks is very shallow, consider other things like, do they have a lot of pets?'
b"cp3 is the best pg. ain't no arguing about lmao"
b"is this the part where i shall say'thank you '?"
b'that\'s the sum total of your persuasion skills isn\'t it? " vote yes " bcos you\'ve said that to me before. hard to resist...'
b"it's pouring here too. a storm just got here 5 minutes ago. it's bringing cold weather. good it was 88 today"
b"i suppose if you're cycling so fast, the rain just does not have the chance to soak into the lycra?"
b'this seems like it will end well for davidson and johansen.'
b'if your life is about being cheaper than a 3 dollar bill than do you! just live your life 2 to the fullest! because life is'
b'best friends'
b'day 2/365 : im so done'
b'day of cleaning my room i can almost see the floor again'
b'ur jokes are getting so good face with tears of joy loudly crying face raised hand'
b'day off out working at the farm --'
b'day off tomorrow, so hoping to start a love affair with true detective. heard amazing schnit.'
b'days like today i wish i could stay in bed all day pensive face'
b'i must of forgot to tag you'
b'thanks for texting back days ago!'
b'i love you, demi. one day, after having heard your song in the car and almost drove into a pole is how you put a spell on me'
b'dead car battery, really not impressed right now'
b'i love fiona with all my heart but i can not cuddle with her bc she makes me sneeze... ;_ ;'
b'dear alarm clock, thank you for waking me up during the best dream ever.'
b"dear algebra, please stop asking us to find your x, she's never coming back and do not ask y! best, saim"
b"dear seller (pjnbj97), it's a dream to order candy in sept. 2014 & for the box to say best by jan. 2014."
b'dear arkansas, could you possible make it even hotter?'
b'dear black friday shoppers. i will not kill you, if you stay outta my way and do not piss me off. thanks.'
b"dear boys upstairs : it's almost one in the morning stop dropping things every five seconds also you sound like elephants please stop running"
b'dear brain, sorry for overloading you tummy, sorry for the butterflies dear pillow, sorry for the tears dear heart, sorry for the damage'
b'dear crush, fall in love with me.'
b'dear customer service : first of all, you should know that i am typing this with my middle finger.'
b'dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.'
b'dear fake friends, first of all you should know that i am typing this with my middle finger.'
b'dear family, just because i am laughing when i am reading a text, does not mean i am flirting with someone.'
b'dear girls : a big ass/boobs will not make guys fall in love with you. being sexy wont get you married. being sexy will get you fucked.'
b'dear girls, if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back... marry him'
b"dear girls who pretend to like cars to get a guys attention. y'all piss me off. stop being stupid. k thanks. seriously, sherbnoo."
b'dear god i will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.'
b"dear god, please cure christian's cat allergy so i may have a kitten to love"
b'dear google : they are only using you to get to me! sincerely wikipedia'
b'dear headphones, could you please stop having sex while i put you in my pocket? sincerely, tired of untangling.'
b'dear heart, please stop falling in love with people i can not get.'
b"dear human, you get mad at me if i wake you, you get mad at me if i don't. sincerely, confused alarm clock."
b'dear inventors of tampons, how awkward was it for you to explain your invention to everyone?'
b'dear g -morning. are you traveling baby. miss you. hope all is alright busy bee. wish you to have a great wake up. \xe2\x9d\xa4you kissing face with smiling eyes'
b'dear karma, i have a list of people you missed'
b'dear life, when i said " can my day get any worse " it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.'
b'dear life, will you at least start using a lubricant? thank you!'
b'dear lol, thanks for being there when i have nothing else to say.'
b'dear math, i do not want to solve your problem, i have my own problems to solve. sincerely, students'
b"dear mcdonald's, thank you for not selling hot dogs. i do not think i could order a mcwiener with a straight face."
b'dear men, life without women, would literally be a pain in the ass.'
b'dear middle finger : thank you for always sticking up for me.'
b'dear models in facewash commercials, i honestly do not know anyone who can splash water on their face, smiling, with their eyes open.'
b'dear mom and dad, plz stop saying, " do not play with your food. " you spent the first two years of my life convincing me that it was a plane.'
b'dear music, i will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.'
b'dear naps, i am sorry i was such a jerk to you as a kid.'
b'dear parents thank you so much for giving me such a weird name. sincerely my name is never on those customized keychains.'
b'dear penis, thanks for not bleeding once a month. sincerely, every man ever'
b'dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together, hermione from harry potter went alone and got attacked by a troll.'
b"dear people who update their facebook status every 30 seconds, there's twitter for a reason!"
b"dear person reading this, be honest : you're supposed to be doing something productive now, but your on twitter instead. sincerely, me too."
b'dear prom date, if work by rihanna comes on be ready to catch it... cause i am throwin it back'
b'dear radio stations, you do know that there is more then 5 songs in the world right?'
b'dear santa all i want is clear skin and 1billion dollars ha'
b'dear slut, sorry, but your vagina does not have a clear history button like google chrome.'
b'dear sluts, this might come as a surprise to you, but your boobs go inside your shirt. just kidding, show me your titties.'
b"dear sneeze, if you're gonna happen, then just happen, do not put a stupid look on my face and then just leave."
b'dear teva, thank you for waking me up every few hours by howling. your just trying to be mother natures alarm clock.'
b'its funny how the whole of fifth harmony is worth less than one little mix member ouuuccchhhh weary face " so freakin cute'
b"dear twitter, sometimes i need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind."
b'dear twitter, thank you for being there whenever i am bored.'
b"dear vegetarians... if you're trying to save the animals, why are you eating their food?"
b"dear vending machines, i am sorry if my dollar isn't straight enough for you. sincerely, stop being so homophobic."
b'dear wind and rain what has my hair ever done to you?'
b'death by irony. answered food allergy survey with " i love too eat peanut\'s "'
b'bradley might get a little upset if she tells him, but it will not affect their friendship. he loves her too much.'
b'i am, thanks. nothing like a day or 2 in bed to sort these things out.'
b'debating just skipping all of fridays classes because south op is calling my name'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy if my upstairs neighbors weren't stomping around like elephants i prob wouldnt have woken up, gotta give them some credit"
b'decided to clean my room & found a mouse... looks like i am done cleaning'
b'i straightened my hair and i did not get it wet in the rain and i even did my eyebrows'
b"definately would not do this now! i feel too old! must mean that i am now a'responsible adult ' \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f"
b'definitely my favourite test of the year.. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x86\x98'
b'definitely needed anther dress'
b'last season is this season & he got tried yesterday & plays were made it happens even you kno tht'
b"happy birthday! i hope you had a great day and ilysmi would've sang to you but did not see you. rain check! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'*deletes every sad tweet* sorry i forgot who the fuck i was for a second'
b"deleting one 'ha ' from from your 'hahahhahahaha ' because you feel like it's too much."
b'deleting pictures on my phone is like deleting a memory and i just can not handle that sort of thing'
b'deleting tweets from earlier because the person intending completely disregarded them.'
b"deleting your facebook is like running away from home. you're only doing it for attention and you'll be back in a day."
b'i am meant to do homework now but you fucked up my plans, thanks for giving me an excuse to procrastinate even more'
b'delicious pictures on microwavable foods are the reason i have trust issues.'
b'democratic socialism, life is god... the short history of capitalism wars have never ended dogmatism is king...?'
b'democrats think government does a good job " screening " and has great " management " skills'
b"dentist : so what do you like to do for fun? me : jghalighasghsghso dentist : honestly, it's the same thing with my kids."
b"dentist : *stabs my gums with metal pick* dentist : the only reason you're bleeding is because you do not floss enough"
b'dentist : *stabs you in the mouth* dentist : " you\'re bleeding because you do not floss. "'
b'depressed cookie monster says " me wonder if me be happy when me dead " boxing'
b"and will keep your son in dark about who his real father is; keep lying to him. yup, that's what good guys do after all."
b'depression is the result of over thinking. the mind creates problems that did not even exist.'
b"depresso ; the feeling you get when you've run out of coffee."
b"desperately wanna go home this weekend, also told myself i'd stay on campus so i need to suck it up lol"
b"despite the contradictory advice circulated in the late '90s, if you wanna be my lover, please do not get with my friends"
b"despite the fact that water tastes like nothing, it's actually really good like how does it manage to do that be tasty with no taste"
b'wow good one face with tears of joy'
b'they work super quick! my favs are let the good times roll, ocean salt and dark angels'
b'sorry i hurt your feelings'
b'hey i did good for driving in the bunch of fog and the dark!'
b'some officers in cars without the tech constantly enter license plates by hand while partner drives. same result as manual'
b'kids on the fordham team ; why cut kids when you cann have them all.'
b"thank you oh my gosh. but i never thought i'd get this much support from so many people and it amazes me really. smile"
b"did a cover of the teacher's pet song from school of rock, for purposes of both joy and procrastination via"
b'did a good job blanking out the name linda clarke!'
b"did bad on tests, drove to work without my license bc i forgot it, and almost broke the shredder... that's how my day is going"
b'did i mention what a joy it is to drive around'
b'did it hurt when you fell from an asshole and into a toilet you piece of shit?'
b'did my mum seriously tell me all the names she wants her grandchildren to be called.. got a few years to wait yet love!'
b'did not expect to find a worm in my mandarin happy with woolworths'
b"did not do any homework and it's 12 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love working evenings"
b'did not even sleep on a pillow, this is gonna be fun for me with all this damn pain'
b'did not finish any homework & i still need to shower! lol! love stressing out :)))))'
b'didnt sleep lots last night, good thing my computer is down and i get to do nothing at work.'
b'did you enjoy sassy go go drama danbeej? more than reply 1997? \xe2\x80\x94 no...! reply 1997 is the best drama in my life...!'
b'did you do the homework? " " no. " " okay good me neither, i am not the only one.'
b'did you get a haircut?! " " no my hair just grew shorter'
b'did you hear about the duck with a drug problem? he was a quackhead.'
b'did you know? cutting your legs off will help you lose weight.'
b'did you know? if you close your eyes, you can not see.'
b'did you know? if you lick the sun you will die.'
b'did you know if you scream " bloody marry " 3 times in the mirror at 3am your mom will tell you to shut up and go to bed.'
b'did you know? jumping off a building is not a good way to get out of school.'
b'did you know? lack of light is the cause of darkness.'
b'did you know? people tend to die when they are killed.'
b'did you know? running fast in a race can help you win first place.'
b'did you know? science proves that most people are born on their birthday.'
b"did you know that if you see a shooting star, light a candle and say the name of the person you like 10x's you'll look really stupid?"
b'did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, but only 5 to extend your arm and slap them in the face.'
b'did you seriously just try talking to me about a stair stepper...'
b'did you sleep? " " oh please, it\'s great " beautiful cinnamon roll too good for this world too pure'
b'did you study for the test?.. nerd : " all week long. ".. normal people : " i read the chapter. ".. me : " what test?! "'
b'diet day 1. i have removed all the bad food from my home. it was delicious'
b'difference between socialism and capitalism brilliantly illustrated'
b'digging up sod is a blast'
b'digitalash : stuff i neeeeed - or'
b"yeah it might just be me 8 -(. it's gonna suck saying bye to those folks. i'll be on your server this weekend also."
b"dignity : is that thing you lose when you send someone a second text before they've answered the first."
b'directing traffic on hw. 50 for an hour and a half.'
b'dirty nerty wifi coming in clutch again'
b'hell yeah they shoulda i can not lie curry is playing lights out but they are going down tonight!'
b'disclaimer - never been to either of those places but i have a very active imagination.'
b'disruptors video nice video. and how many more years to wait for disruption?'
b'distance does not matter if you really love someone, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.'
b'distance does not necessarily ruin a relationship. you do not have to see someone everyday to be in love.'
b'distracting myself from this situation is gonna be fun'
b'oh wow, fix her up she will love you for it.'
b'i miss you guys too \xf0\x9f\x98\x94everytime i time while i am in class i open my gallery and peep our t days vids pensive face i can not wait'
b'we gotta go babysit some dogs :3 i can not wait to see your makeup haul \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb'
b'i love a good argument with a great pal. it always keeps my mind open to a new ways of viewing different situations.'
b'your meat left a pleasant taste in my mouth. gotta love jerks.'
b'school. unfortunately they both went their own ways and got busy but sometimes joy would visit her bakery. it always made irene +'
b"my best friend is a osu fan lol he's pretty cool about but was bad for years. arguing. no more."
b'well it couldn\'t be named " hot wings "'
b'im sure the whole second half lesean will get negative yards, id definitely bet on that'
b'dnt let anyone with bad eyebrows tell you shit about life'
b"dnt understand why ppl get so mad about being single on valentine's day, 1 day of being treated good vs 364 of putting up with a fuckboy face with rolling eyes"
b"the tr8 is fun but it's not really a controller lol"
b"they're gonna love my house cause i'll work with kids so i'll have the latest toys and whatnot"
b'doctor : " ok, so what\'s wrong, how are you feeling? " me : *looks at mom waiting for her to explain *'
b'doctors and scientists agree on the benefits of an afternoon nap, yet still my boss thinks he knows better. ridiculous.'
b'doctors appointments all day, how exciting smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'doctors appointment tommarow i hate waking up early'
b'doctors office is literally an hour late...'
b"doctors sing \xe2\x80\x98waking up is hard to do ' in hilarious music video via reshareworthy"
b"doctors stand behind a blue sheet. just wait until you see what they're doing behind it"
b"i hate the doctor. :'("
b'doctor : tell me about your sexual history. " whoa! talk to the hand. "'
b"does anyone else think it's strange that you never see justin bieber and ellen degeneres at the same time?"
b"does anyone else wake up in the middle of the night thirsty as hell, and water tastes like it came from god's personal pond?"
b'does anyone ever see things in their dreams and then later in life see the exact same thing and freak out for a couple seconds?'
b'does anyone have some good ideas to help clear up a foggy head due to cold/flu?'
b'does anyone know any interesting things to talk about on a blind date? if so, text them to this girl i am with.'
b'does everyone wake up excited to go to work, more often than not? if so, what do you do?'
b'does it bother me? yes. will i ever tell you? no'
b'does it count as self control if there is only one pringle left?'
b'does it disturb anyone else that " the los angeles angels " baseball team translates directly to " the the angels angels "?'
b'does not everyone love getting allergy shots once a week?'
b'does not the thought of mitch mcconnell as senate majority leader just motivate the hell out of you?'
b'does not think to bring an umbrella to class with me or wear something with a hood so i get to walk all over campus in the pouring rain, good'
b'does the d stand for dinner? if so, then yes. i want the d. give me the d.'
b'does this 50 pound bag of cat food make me look single?'
b"does your skin ever do that thing where it's clear and perfect for a couple days and then all of a sudden it's like ha just kidding"
b'dog i swear this school bus if forever late pouting face'
b'dogs decrease stress by like 10000000x bc even when ur failing 3 classes they still love you'
b'oh man i would love to but i have to preregister classes for my next semester today so :// im stressed af'
b'do i give a fuck? n o o o o o o \xe3\x80\x82 \xe3\x80\x82... bitch'
b'do i give off some vibe that says please stalk me? \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f weary face'
b'doing a follow spree babes like this or retweet this for a followback ( doing as many as i can )'
b'doing a huge follow spree \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dfollowing back everyone that likes this and all my recent followers too \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x99\x88'
b'doing an instagram follow spree right now! following everyone who follows me right now on instagram \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'doing laundry at night nothing better!'
b'doing my favorite thing.. crying'
b'doing nothing at work is great'
b'doing nothing is great xd'
b'doing nothing will never be as great as doing nothing with someone.'
b'doing the " i am thinking real hard " face when your teachers look at you.'
b'do i say fuck it and be put on the wait list or do i find another class this is the question of the day'
b'do i want another half hour of sleep or do i want to take a shower...? the tough questions in life.'
b'love the pretty feet with the sexy toes and arches. they deserve good kissing and licking and good wet toe sucking mmmmmmmm'
b'great result for arsenal tonight'
b'do my best to drown out the crying kids in the other room ha ohhhh my luck.'
b'done cleaning my room for the night!'
b'done! the first ever has been to sent to the printers! can not wait to see it :-d now to get some sleep...'
b'done with classes for the day good'
b'done with school yay. came for like 3 hours'
b'do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.'
b'for the " ad brown concert ", if you are looking to dance just on uk top 40 tracks. this dj has'
b"do not depend on anyone in this world, because even your shadow leaves you when you're in the dark."
b'do not expect a " bless you " after your 3rd sneeze. get that shit under control.'
b'do not lose a good one. do not lose a good one. do not lose a good one.'
b'if what you say is more beautiful than silence'
b'do not speak to me when i have headphones on jesus christ'
b'do not sugar coat stuff for me just tell me whats up i am not five years old'
b"do not text me while you're driving i am not trying to be the last unfinished message they find when your ass is wrapped around a tree."
b'do not waste your time on someone that does not appreciate the fuck out of you'
b'do not worry about why everyone is talking about you, or looking at you. be free, live life how you want to live your life.'
b'do not all reply at once!'
b'do not ask about state because we will not know until dec 2 and i do not want you to get yelled at much love'
b'do not ask for my opinion then get mad when i tell you the truth.'
b'do not ask me about politics. i stopped trying to understand the world when i learned some people prefer chunky peanut butter.'
b'do not ask me again " is my favorite computer button that i wish was also a real life button.'
b"do not ask me for advice. i'll accidentally ruin your life."
b'dont ask me to hang out with you when you know someone i dislike is going to be there'
b'dont ask me what im doing with my life cause i have no idea'
b"do not assume my tweets are about you. but if you're affected by them, then that obviously means you're guilty of something."
b'do not be afraid of change. you may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.'
b"do not be ashamed of who you are. that's your parents job."
b'do not be friends with people who hate dogs you do not need that kind of negativity in your life'
b'do not be jerks to strangers online. you never know what that girl can do.'
b'do not be offended if someone does not reply to your text. their phone is probably " just on silent " or " right in front of their lying face "'
b'do not " cheat " on the holidays and end up sick. shares allergy-free pumpkin pie recipe everyone can love!'
b'do not come here is smelly and ape escape is a good game'
b'do not come into my life temporarily cuz my parents will continuously ask about you & ill get sad'
b'do not come telling me you heard i said or did something if you did not see or hear it yourself or if you cant tell me where you heard it.'
b'do not confuse my personality with my attitude. my personality is who i am. my attitude depends on who you are.'
b'do not consider yourself an ugly person consider your self a beautiful monkey.'
b"do not cry because it's over, smile because for a few miles they believed you were the real bus driver."
b'do not cry because its over, smile because his new girlfriend looks like a horse.'
b"do not cry because it's over, smile because you have incriminating evidence."
b'do not cry. just say " fuck you " and smile.'
b"do not cry me a river. that's stupid as hell. cry me a milkshake."
b'do not dance like no one is watching, dance like someone is watching and about to slide a twenty dollar bill into your underwear'
b'do not date anyone who does not ask you about ur childhood & ask why you are they way you are & will not work to understand/accept those things.'
b'do not even need to set an alarm in the mornings with the way the people upstairs walks around elephant'
b'do not even need to watch im a celeb to know that the crew fucked up, thanks twitter face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not ever allow yourself to get so comfortable that you continuously ignore god\'s signs saying " move on " or " let go ". better is coming.'
b'do not ever ask me to babysit i do not like kids \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8fi will eat all there snacks and make them wait on the porch until you come get them face with tears of joy'
b"do not ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you're a hoe.. then be ashamed."
b"do not ever go on a car ride with me because i will not talk to you i'll just listen to music & stare out the window the entire time."
b'do not ever let someone make you feel like ur crazy for wanting what you deserve!'
b'do not ever pull a stunt like that again and then ask us to lie... that will not happen a real man'
b'do not ever say " soz " to me because you sound like you are really so very sorry'
b"do not ever take chemistry. it's not fun at all"
b'do not everybody reply a once.'
b"do not expect too much. it's always better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed."
b'do not facetime me or ask for a selfie after 8pm. you know damn well i already showered and will not stop looking like a hamster till 8am'
b'do not feel good at all! i love having the feeling i am going to throw up very 5 minutes.'
b"do not forget : it's very important what strangers on the internet think about you."
b'dont fuck w me you dont know what im capable of'
b'do not get attached " im a girl we get attached to a stray dog on the street that we only see for two seconds'
b'dont get caught up in a girl, they just want your money yo sleeping face sleeping face'
b'do not get me wrong, i appreciate short cut offs but seriously? at school? your bare ass is literally gonna be against the seats face with tears of joy raised hand'
b'do not get me wrong i am not upset about my hair, it just sucks because i know that i was prettier b4. oh well.'
b'do not get me wrong other races are kool but there is nothing like a black queen by ur side.'
b"do not give money to the big pharmaceutical companies because they'll only spend it on drugs."
b'dont give up we do love your mind... waiting for the next one... keep your head up your fans are.'
b"do not glare at me lady! you're the one who named your kid marco then yelled his name in the store!"
b'do not i love geometry'
b'do not invite me anywhere last minute i enjoy doing nothing so i need to know ahead of time if my plan to do nothing needs to be changed'
b'do not judge a book by its cover. my math textbook has a picture of someone enjoying themselves on it. i did not enjoy myself at all.'
b'do not judge a book by its cover, unless its an annoying bitch who needs to be slapped.'
b'do not judge a book by its cover unless the book is a fucking annoying bitch who needs to be high fived in the face with a chair.'
b"do not judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes - unless he wears those weird toe-shoe things. you may judge that man immediately."
b'do not judge me for my choices when you do not understand my reasons.'
b'do not " k " me, you bastard.'
b'do not know why i am losing sleep over this like?'
b'do not let a hot date turn into a due date. " --my father\'s actual sex talk with me when i was 13.'
b'do not let anyone call you ugly because deep down you are truly beautiful. you know, way down under all that ugliness.'
b"do not let anyone tell you who you can and can not be unless it's in mario kart and you picked yoshi cause come on dude you know i am always him"
b"do not let me hold your baby unless it's wearing an otter box."
b'dont lie to me cause i always find out the truth boo'
b'do not like me? have a seat with the rest of these bitches waiting for me to give a fuck'
b'do not make fun of me because i have a problem with keeping my blood sugar low. you\'re suppose to be " college ready ".'
b'do not mind me, i am just typing this so i do not look like a loner in public while waiting for my friends.'
b'do not pack up yet " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not pay attention to this status, i am standing alone in public so i am doing this to make it look like i am texting.'
b"do not promise when you're happy, do not reply when you're angry, and do not decide when you're sad."
b'do not reach for the stars. they are extremely hot and will incinerate you.'
b"do not run your fingers through my hair while i am laying down or relaxing i'll fall in love with you"
b'do not send me a smile face and then wonder why i show up at your house naked.'
b"'dont skip one class! take medicine and go anyways! ' im exhausted and i want to die mom"
b'do not skip on sleep. sleep is more important than homework. it\'s proven that it\'s better to sleep than to stay up late cramming "'
b'do not start an argument with a girl because they all have 43050194 gb memories and will bring up something you did at 14:27pm on 23/04/2008.'
b'do not take my kindness for weakness, i will fuck you up.'
b'do not talk about work if your parents hand you everything raised hand'
b'do not talk to me if your breathe smell like yo tongue farted.'
b'do not tell me it\'s just a coincidence that " mourning " and " morning " sound the same'
b'dont tell me that hungry is not an emotion because i feel that shit in my soul'
b'do not tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.'
b"do not text me when you're bored its not my job to entertain you."
b'do not text me while i am texting you, now i have to change my text.'
b"do not tickle me i'll stab you in the throat"
b'do not trust people on the internet. unless they like big butts because they can not lie.'
b'do not try this at home "... okay, i\'ll try it at my friend\'s house'
b'do not you hate it when a guy is a 10 but his personality is a -10 yeah me too'
b'dont you just hate it when you come home & all you want to do is sleep but you go in ur room to see ur bed covered in absolutely everything you own'
b"do not you love when ppl say they'll go in for ur shift but like they don't? :)))))))"
b'do not you love when your hot water bottle spills all over ur bed'
b'dont understand why females cake all tht makeup on their face to hide those big ass bumps'
b"do not wait for the right person to come into your life. make yourself the right person to walk into someone else's life."
b'.. do not want people who actively engage in this sort of activity to know how they get caught. i am soryr, but if it'
b'do not want to get caught in the crowds? x'
b'do not want to get caught smelling like pink. smell like blue, dark green and black.'
b'do not waste your life thinking about people you do not like or situations you can not control.'
b'do not waste your time on people who will not waste their time on you.'
b"do not worry about mental.. they said... it's easy they said..."
b"do not worry about those who talk behind your back. they're behind you for a reason."
b"do not worry if you had a bad day, remember there are people who have their ex's name tattooed."
b'do not worry, kids. being an adult is mostly just googling how to do stuff.'
b'do not ya love when your boyfriend spills water all over your leg and brace smile'
b'do not you feel about yourself while looking at your elbow joints?'
b'do not you feel bad that you can not mention your real life achievements in your resume?'
b'do not you hate it when money goes away when you spend it'
b'do not you hate it when you offer food and the other person says yes'
b"do not you hate when a guys really nice when they're on their own but when they're with friends they turn into a dick upside down face"
b"do not you hate when you buy a bag of packaged air and there's chips inside it? pisses me off."
b'do not you just love a flat tyre in the morning'
b'do not you just love being second choice all the time'
b"do not you just love being wide awake at stupid o 'clock.. no? me neither"
b'do not you just love doctors? smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'do not you just love it when " accidentally " spills freezing cold water down you when it\'s -10000 degrees.'
b'do not you just love it when your friend spills bong water on your pants -_-'
b'do not you just love it when your roommate spills boiling water all over your foot?!?!? i know i do! \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91'
b'do not you just love missing the bus unamused face'
b"do not you just love only being able to eat soup? it's delicious."
b'do not you just love that when you have a butt load of homework and you can not focus for two seconds to get any of it done'
b'do not you just love the smell of burn hair and cheap colon in the morning face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not you just love when people put 0 effort into things.. angry face'
b'do not you just love when people sneeze all over you? yeah, i do not either. disgusting pigs!'
b'do not you just love when you lock yourself out of your apartment'
b'do not you just love when your plans never work out'
b'do not you just love when you sneeze while putting mascara on & it gets everywhere bc same'
b'do not you love feeling like every single person you care about hates you? i know i do :):)'
b'chestnut do not you love it when your bag of nuts says allergy advice : may contain nuts. chestnut'
b"do not you love it when you're picking a giveaway winner and people lie about their entries?"
b"do not you love it when your friends do not answer their phones and you're left alone"
b'do not you love it when your parents are pissed because you were gonna study after bubble soccer! smiling face with open mouth'
b'do not you love it when you win imaginary arguments you have?'
b'do not you love school'
b'dont you love to be yelled ay by your mom?'
b'do not you love when people cancel?\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 i do'
b'do not you love when plans never work out smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"do not you love when you go to the doctors, find out it's for your weight and that you put on more weight by doing exercise + eating right."
b"do not you love when you're in an academic advisor meeting and jumpman starts blasting through your headphones yeah ha"
b'do not you wish people were like money, you could just hold them up to the sun and see which ones are real and which ones are fake'
b'do re me fa so done with your bullshit.'
b'do the best you can.'
b'do the chinese realize that when they visit america, they buy souvenirs made in their own country?'
b'do this 1. go to google 2. select images 3. type bosta thank me later and tell ur friends'
b'double class being a loner is the best face with tears of joy'
b'thanks for keeping it simple because i am really stupid...'
b': thanks germany for an amazing time. we come back soon "'
b'do not make light of such a heavy, heavy topic. now will fuck your ass up. crazy bitches who lift weights.'
b'do you have that one girl in school that everyone loves but you dont get it and you dont like her at all and you sense something evil about her'
b'do we have time for these hoes? no no no no no no \\_ no no no no no no'
b'do what you love & money will follow " ate pizza, drank wine, took a 5 hour nap in my underwear, & took selfies with my dog.. now i wait'
b'do what you want just do not get caught dh grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"downloaded ios 8 on my ipad and it's literally the same thing with some extra features face without mouth"
b'downloading a movie on itunes and iv only got 16 hours to go! perks of living at home'
b'downloading ios8 on my phone then ipad, i am sure my life will be transformed today in ways i never dreamed of.'
b'down on yourself for being lazy? keep in mind the greeks believed their gods lived atop a very hikeable mountain and no one went to check.'
b'as good as getting it, because it gives you hope in dark times. but now like wtf why are these coming out so quickly nobody'
b'do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or commercials? because i usually look like i have minty fresh rabies.'
b"do you ever get a really good hug from someone and you're like wait no hug me more"
b'do you ever wish that you could just un-meet someone?'
b"do you know how much fun it is getting up when it's still dark outside? so much fun!"
b'do you know what i love? apartment construction at 7 a. m. 3 mornings in a row!'
b'do you know what i love? having a coughing fit in about half of my classes because my allergy medication does not work. good'
b'do you know what is the difference between forever alone and a calender? a calender has a date.'
b"do you know your abc's? cause i wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet."
b'do you me know who is beautiful? read the third word.'
b"do you realize that we live in a world where people lick other people's buttholes & yet some of you still complain about double dipping chips?"
b'do you think clouds look down on people and think " that ones shaped like an idiot "'
b'do you think its possible that a bobcat could have ran across the freeway on the way back from mpls? sure what we saw'
b'do you think that guy ever called carly rae jepsen? in my opinion she came on a little strong and probably not.'
b'do you want taking practically everything from you, or doing practically nothing and letting'
b'do you want to know the secret to getting girls to do whatever you want? smile check it out in my last tweet. *must be 18 to view *'
b"do you work at little caesars? cause you're hot and i am ready."
b"dracula had impeccable hair for a guy who couldn't see himself in a mirror."
b'i got work at 9 man drop the shit so i have something to talk about in the morning'
b'i hope you guys body an album. that would be insane. on some "life of a 6 " type shit.'
b'drakes music will have you missing a person from 3rd grade who unfroze you in freeze tag.'
b'drake the type of nigga to sit on the sink to make his butt look big.'
b'drake the type of nigga to talk dirty like " baby i want to put my trust so deep inside you "'
b'yay, we can be super awkward together'
b'drawing i did for homework i know its awesome'
b'i grew up tastes of beer young as 4. i was fortunate to know alcohol was in my home & " no teen challenge " - alcoholic'
b'sorry but vanessa comment about discipline upset me.. its not okay to hit kids or infants with objects and leave marks'
b'dreams are like pictures. i do not care about yours unless i am in them.'
b'that awkward moment when the thumbnail actually makes a video look funny and you have not watched it yet... good'
b'by the end of my shift i got my latina ambulance partner to call me papi. i now understand your love for it'
b"drinking : because why not intensify the feelings you're trying to escape?"
b"drinking dark roast coffee at almost 12 is not such a good idea but that's the only thing getting me through the night teacup without handle"
b'drinking more, even tried the xanz. depending on all this shit to get me through, hoping one day i forget about you'
b'drinkings all fun n games until the next day when you have 2 kids to look after!'
b'drinking wine & throwing away photos of my ex. this is how lifetime movies start.'
b'driven to kill you with kindness'
b'driving should be like hockey. if someone pisses you off, it should be legal to pull off the road and fist fight them for about a minute.'
b'driving to school while getting dropped off and i see a girl run out of her house with a zip up sweater and her boobs hanging out. brad'
b'driving with a neck ache is not safe. i can not turn my head to the left...'
b"driving without license, if that's a thing"
b'hi jane, we\'d love to feature you in our " what are doctors thankful for? " post, do you have two minutes?'
b'i have been through major health issues this year. would love to share my story on the doctors.'
b'dropped 13 music videos for yesterday. which one is your favorite? all videos on my youtube'
b'dropped my baby off to his first day of preschool. he already has homework lol'
b'dropped my pen while i was walking to class and my friend randomly picked it up and sent me a snapchat of it face with tears of joy'
b'dropping an iphone is like having sex : you can do it a lot w/o protection and nothing bad happens, but it only takes once to ruin your life'
b'drove all the way to class and forgot my goggles and lab coat for lab. good'
b'drove all the way to the bank just to pull up and remember it was closed. well there goes half of my lunch break expressionless face'
b'drove to school without my license again smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'drugsandtvshowsallday : fuck yeah drugs and tv shows biohazard sign - or'
b'drugs are ugly things nothing like a poem i want to say something not some ethered drone'
b'drunk carpentry. not as fun as it sounds. there is blood.'
b'drunk off five beers on a tuesday. i am not sure which part of that statement is more sad'
b'drunk people at the subway station. fun!'
b'drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.'
b'dude beside me in class never comes on thursdays and brought a drink in a red solo cup today.'
b'dude everyone hates you. " really? because i am pretty sure i have not even met all 7 billion people on this earth.'
b'dude if your gonna try to look off my test... do it so i can not tell literally sit on top of me'
b"dude - i like your slicked-back hair look me - thanks, it's rain"
b'dude i love going poop at work bc you get paid for it " -@gigi_noelle'
b"dude. keep asking me if i know how the printer works. i am sure if you keep asking i'll figure it out."
b'dudes be like " let\'s play 21 questions " girl : okay, what\'s your favorite color?boy : triangle, so you a virgin?'
b'dudes childishly arguing on an escort forum about who has the best tits. do you know who has the best tits? women.'
b'dudes dont know what beef is, tom & jerry thats beef. when they see each other its no talking, straight action!'
b'dudes have all the swag in the world until you ask them to read a paragraph out loud.'
b'dudes put dj in front of their twitter names to get bitches thirsty... dudes dont even know how to download a song'
b'dude weeks go by so quick when you have no classes on fridays so your thursdays become fridays'
b'dude with all these robberies happening, i am seriously scared to walk around on campus alone.'
b'dude - you look so pretty, what are you doing this weekend? me - thank you, you look pretty too have a good weekend i suck at flirting fml'
b'due to budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been shut off.'
b'" it was great. i am quite busy with papers, and writing music though, have not actually got time to socialize " she frowned.'
b'during justins performance of love yourself a fan yelled " justin spit on me " face with tears of joy like wtf?'
b'during personal finance i spend my whole check on ebay because i feel like i make smarter decisions... lol. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'during sex it\'s perfectly fine to say " yeah ", " yes ", and " oh yes " but how awkward would it be if someone kept screaming " yep "'
b'during this exchange study period fridays have been the new mondays... really hate having boring classes the whole day expressionless face'
b'idk man. guess i was real into my politics class face with tears of joy'
b'boo can not go then have to wait for my sister to get home from school loudly crying face'
b"and i obviously know what's going on in econ ii right now"
b'the thing that really gets me is, we never intended it to look like a bloody sweatshirt.'
b'i think i can relate to all of their tweets'
b'early morning work is no fun..'
b'easily my new favorite vine'
b'yeah ea great advice. ps look at how bad your ai is. 2 players doing nothing'
b"that's not new, back in my day we did this... wait cough syrup that's messed up"
b'peter ran in there like peter he is like the fittest guy there xxx'
b'easy like sunday morning'
b'eating dinner at 11:33 and not even half way done with my homework, i love college heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'eating fries from the bag & makin sure you do not get the batch you been eating from smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'eating is probably my favorite sport'
b'eating pot results in a more intense and longer lasting high than smoking it, according to a study.'
b'eating the next few days is going to be fun...'
b'eat whatever you want, and if anyone tries to lecture you about your weight, eat them too.'
b"ebola spreading like in africa.. obama's response, of course enough"
b'that would make it quadruplets not twins. cause you know i can be'
b'my fave thing about shopping there is how 10 employees approach me and ask me if i need help within 10 mins'
b'it was so hectic i felt so awkward ur all really nice but omg group chats are so rude to my anxiety'
b'echo point is busy this afternoon. \xf3\xbe\xae\x97\xf3\xbe\x8c\xb8 askroz to find great things to see and do in australia'
b"eddie is such a disappointment. & he was my favorite cast member too. your true colors are showing and they're showing real good"
b'the moment you blasting & song and the person on the other side of the gas pump says thats the jam. hell yeah'
b'what the hell are you doing? i love your music, but please write your own music.'
b'nothing much hoping to hit 1k soon'
b'edwins broadcast last night was v awkward but raddie are friends now good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'eeeh running is about to suck after i smoked this weekend grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i do not have a ride my love.'
b'effy is so dumb but in a cute way ha'
b'ask that people who have a problem with atheists, gays, or minorities to follow me.'
b'eh. i literally hate almost everyone today.. pensive face'
b'eight and a half hour stream is complete! thanks to all the homies for coming out! time to sleep.'
b': i love it so much when you do that'
b'elementary kids have iphones. when i was a kid, i put glue on my hands just to peel it off when it dried.'
b'elephants live upstairs.'
b'elephants must have just moved in upstairs. oh, and they decided to move around some furniture. lovely'
b'elephants must live upstairs bc these niggas so fucking loud, shut the fuck upppppp'
b'elephants upstairs and spanish karaoke night downstairs. things are getting wild at the apartment complex 2nite.'
b'elephants upstairs at it again. expressionless face'
b'ignore the fools they do not appreciate good acting.'
b'i am going to miss you too'
b'ya while i am at alfies lemme just spend friday and saturday night at ale house'
b"it was. it wasn't what i was expecting. i've been morally challenged twice within the past 24 hours. college is just"
b'may god make it clearer for everything every secondwhat is best for his creation. amen ameen ya allah the creator the king i'
b"also dude, idk how you did not say the dark knight is a joke of a selection. it's a very good movie. but"
b"i want you to know how much fun i've had toying with you in this blood-letting. your homophobic pics and you're racist beliefs"
b'i love it, especially walking to school and getting wet'
b'literally all i wanted to do was talk to you yesterday! i miss ait so much because i can not see you everyday! crying face'
b'literally texted someone last night... " kinda have a lot of homework " " starting season seven "'
b'she was just on the phone with him & the dad screamed " tell her you love her " & the boy got so embarrased he yelled " stfu " face with tears of joy'
b'thanks em, but this has made me feel so crap and down d : believing'
b'can not wait until the next - cough - pot luck!'
b"i miss you're old music, and you should have slayed drake, do you think you're music will ever sound like it use to?"
b'eminem is 41 years old what the fuck'
b'emma can make her way back to the door anytime now bc i literally do not have any energy to chase her around the neighborhood. raised hand'
b'will think of you when i am having a long lie'
b'easy love by sigala. i always hear " cellphone allergy " in the chorus instead of " simple melody " face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"we're now learning about run on sentences.. omg so interesting.."
b'did you do an alice in wonderland thing recently? my gf put something on as we went to sleep last night, and i am ill'
b'your room is ready. miss evers has been busy cleaning'
b'emotionally prepared for mockingjay considering i started crying when finnick came on screen.'
b"i love him but he's such a jerk but i will also keep that in mind :0"
b'emptied my make up bag and my foundation has exploded everywhere, great'
b'good spelling'
b'ended the night smashed, surprised'
b"i use the clue app, created by lady doctors in northern europe, i love it. there's room for lots of info and not pink"
b"i have this and it's not fun! it's a little better now but the inconvenience of having injections every 2 was is bad! pouting face"
b'ends every piece of advice with " idk though " so that its not my fault if i ruin ur life'
b'melissa. you do not understand. i would give up my right arm for this woman.'
b'you better get your a game on tonight if your kicking off air'
b'english class fail idk why i am here wavy'
b"enjoy high school! you're going to blink twice and you 'll be in your cap and gown staring at your class wondering where time went"
b'enjoying a relaxing detoxing drink on our chilled out holiday'
b'enjoy the little things in life because one day you will look back and realize they were the big things.'
b"and i am sure he's thrilled with this picture you chose to use."
b'had to share this for all the female fans! smile'
b'ill give my right arm so then theyll have a left and right arm'
b"i'll pitch in and give my right arm"
b'same but i would give my right arm to be there because i am left handed face with tears of joy'
b'erection from it and felt almost embarrassed about it but then i realized it was because you love me you said that and i love you.'
b'never listen to " all you zombies " anymore. forgot what a great song it is. thank you kind sir. 500 miles right now. awesome!'
b'i just got notification that i passed the gmon beta exam! thanks for teaching such a great sec511 class this past may!'
b'are you that stupid to substitute a different arena photo? or are you as allergic to the truth as your lying sack of shit father?'
b"omg! you & ur brother & that weird ass sister of yours, ya know, the 1 ur dad's wants to bang really bad! ur all inbred children"
b'acceptable he should not play until full investigation.'
b'not that i am saying her photos are bad! i love her work. i just noticed everyone is doing it now'
b'nfl fan for long time, players need to be held accountable for their actions and league has no clue how to fix good'
b'are you. great because i have been doing nothing but cinderella stage.'
b'find your ones in a lifetime love, then you do not have to search for'
b'we\'d love to feature you in our " what are doctors thankful for? " post, do you have two minutes?'
b"especially on friday's at 5pm i wish i could slide down the back of a brontosaurus directly into my car."
b'how is this watered down lineup going to to score feeling it'
b"let's help him make more money"
b'i hear ya and feel the same way. i learned to love throwing money at my attorney after i got burnt once. not fun'
b'is a name you want ur daughter dating.'
b'ye me too man'
b'ethan looks so tired omg but then graysons like good i threw pumpkin guts at my brother score!'
b'etsyifyourenasty : money lighters - or'
b"at sharkos? have fun ev should be a great time face with tears of joy it's gonna be so busy"
b'i woke up to a whole convo lol, love you!'
b"even atheists make bargains with god when the toilet water threatens to overflow at a friend's house."
b'even doing nothing the dull one is anxious and distracted. even amidst great action the wise one remains still.'
b'even dwarves were in a bath and they were all feeling happy, so happy got out.'
b'even if audu rise. it means he was never dead in the first place. there is nothing like raise from death or reincarnated.'
b"even if i am not tweeting.. i am always here. a l w a y s scrolling. judging. judging. scrolling. that's right i see everything"
b"even if you're not friends anymore, you never share their secrets, because they told you that in confidence when they were close to you"
b"evening news is where they begin with \xe2\x80\x98good evening ', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't."
b'even the rain is sweet in the metal capital seattle! we have enjoyed a great evening full of great singing and'
b'even the realist nigga been fake before. wit the chick he lead on jus for some pussy then dropped her.'
b'even tho it was raining last night and i got a great watering system.. still gotta water the plants. it\'s relaxing. " -'
b'even though i know i am eating at the right pace, whenever i see a cop at a restaurant, i start eating slower... just in case.'
b"even though i look so dumb y'all cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"even though im a sassy bitch i've got a heart and people always seem to forget that"
b'even though last night was mostly doing homework, the rest of my night was pretty awesome. i needed that.'
b"even though they aren't real cops, if i am ever murdered i'd still like ice t & richard belzer to investigate the case"
b'(even though this is nothing like the book ) i am so excited :)))))'
b'eventually the entire written english language will be taken over by emoticons. teenage girls will bring us back to egyptian hieroglyphs.'
b'eventually we\'re just gonna have to accept " ducking " is a swear word'
b'even working half days on my day off'
b'ever accidentally throw something away and then later realize you actually needed it? i did this with my life'
b'ever checked your account hoping that your direct deposit hit a lil earlier?'
b'ever noticed how by is basically a song about a no strings attached relationship? hushed face'
b'ever pretend to be on the phone to get out of an uncomfortable situation, and then it rings?'
b'ever read old messages and think " damn we had it good " smh'
b'ever since i met you, no one else has been worth thinking about relieved face'
b'ever since you guys met you do not care about me anymore sad'
b"ever think about something so much it makes you stomach sick? no? oh it's just me.."
b'this is twitter not school no need for propar grammar fag.'
b'every 3. 5 seconds a dumb bitch is getting dropped off at work in her own car by a jobless cheating bum ass dude are you that bitch?'
b'every 3 year old needs a facebook or a twitter. because they really care about that.'
b'everybody has a girlfriend and a boyfriend, and i am over here like " i love food "'
b'everybody has the power to make someone else happy. some do it by entering the room, while some do it by leaving.'
b'everybody in love with whoever getting it or whoever being talked about.'
b"everybody is falling in love, and i am just trying to not fall asleep in class... happy monday y'all tired face"
b'everybody is going home enyoing the \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e, i not amuses weary face'
b"every day i promise i'll go to bed early. every night i break that promise."
b'everyday i wanna be a better person and everyday people happen'
b'everyday i wanna be a better person but today is not that day'
b'every day my phone asks me if i wanna update it... and everyday i click " later "'
b"every day since chumbawumba broke up, i've found it harder and harder to get back up again."
b'every facebook photo album could be titled either " envy me! " or " pity me! "'
b'every female knows that one annoying boy who constantly asks " so when we gonna chill? "'
b'every girl has those few songs that make her feel like a sexy stripper dont even argue with me'
b"every girl's dream is to dress up for a date and blow the guy's mind and have him tell her she's stunning"
b"every medicine on the market is like pros : you'll stop coughing cons : you might die"
b'every morning i look forward to coming home and sleeping'
b'every morning is a continuous cycle of wow i can not wait to go to bed tonight'
b"every night, it's an endless battle between sleep and the internet"
b'every once in a while i check up on people i hate to make sure i still hate them i do'
b"everyone : are you okay everyone : you look tired everyone : you look upset everyone : you look confused everyone : are you sick me : it's my face"
b'everyone at home is so happy today.'
b'everyone be sure to wish it a happy bday! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b"everyone deserves to see the boys that close. there's nothing like it."
b"everyone freaked out and thought i wasn't coming to class today"
b'everyone go buy new album handwritten revisited! i already am in love. i will not get any work done in school tomorrow! face with tears of joy'
b"everyone has that one best friend who's now a stranger.?"
b'everyone has that one ex they do not want the world to know they ever dated.'
b'everyone has three lives : a public life, a private life, and a secret life'
b"everyone : if you keep listening to your music so loudly you'll be deaf by the time you're 20 me : what"
b"everyone i know acts like they're in a competition over who is more exhausted."
b'everyone i know is either pregnant or married and it makes me wish... i could find a decent drinking buddy to replace all you sellouts.'
b'everyone in my class is ill including me so deffo can not wait to get even more ill'
b'everyone in the valley is dying of heat, and i am up here in the rain.'
b'everyone is always talking about " getting high on life " but this cereal sucks and it hurts my nose'
b'everyone is crawling out of bed to go to work whilst i am still out smile i love america smile more drinks please'
b'everyone is going to the football game tonight but i am stuck babysitting'
b'everyone is so social at uw fox face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'everyone knows that if you send the last text at night, the other person is supposed to start the convo the next day. thats how it works.'
b"everyone : omg you're so quiet me in my head : what the fuck is up kyle no what did you say dude what the fuck dude step the fuck up"
b'everyones gonna regret not talking to me when im rich and famous'
b'everyone should make sure to go & check out new album live like a legend victory hand smiling face with smiling eyes it so freaking amazing! heavy black heart'
b"everyone starting college today, please make a huge deal about it, because it's never been done before."
b"everyone's turning so hostile on here all of a sudden. need a snickers?"
b'everyone\'s tweeting " i swear summer lasted like 3 minutes " bitch shut up no it did not yo ass obviously gotta go back to school you can not count'
b'everyone tells me what a terrible dancer i am, which makes perfect sense because ellen degeneres is my biological father.'
b'everyone thinks that their mom is the best cook around. you are wrong. my mom is the best cook here.'
b'everyone wants happiness, nobody wants pain. but you can not have a rainbow without a little rain!'
b"everyone wants to find out how you're doing, its not like they care.. they just want to be sure you're not doing better than them..."
b"everyone would stop having sex bc the teacher is nice and smiling but he's threatening and slightly homicidal"
b'every pizza is a personal pizza if you eat the entire thing.'
b'every pretty girl has an ugly friend. if you do not have one then you must be the ugly friend.'
b'every relationship has its problems but sometimes what makes it perfect is if you still wanna be together when things go the wrong way.'
b'every relationship has its problems but what makes it perfect is when you still want to be there when everything sucks.'
b'every relationship is messed up. what makes it perfect is if you still want to be there when thing gets hard.'
b"every school has that group of girls which think they're loved by everyone when in reality, no-one likes them"
b'every semicolon i have ever used has been a complete guess.'
b'every single person on the planet has the reflexes of a superhero if you start scrolling through their photos while holding their phone.'
b"every snack you make, every meal you bake, every bite you take, i'll be watching you. - dog"
b'every so often, i try to fornicate a large word into conversation, even if i am not sure what it means.'
b'every test ever is taking place in the next two days'
b"every text i get, i always hope it's you"
b"everything about this is me - love being up early at the weekends! switch the tea for coffee and it's spot on hot beverage"
b"everything done. now i'll attempt to go back to sleep until my dad calls."
b"everything happens for a reason, that reason causes change. sometimes it hurts and sometimes it's hard. but in the end, it's all for the best."
b'everything happens for a reason ".. yeah i just fall down the fucking stairs so i went to hospital on purpose..'
b'everything is literally pissing me off right now unamused face'
b'everything is made in china. except for babies. they are made in vachina.'
b'everything just keeps getting better and better. angry face'
b"everything's funnier when you're not allowed to laugh. like just a minute ago at the library i nearly peed myself from laughing just because"
b"everything's funnier when you're not allowed to laugh."
b'will be in the if its okay, its not the'
b'every time a credible news source fact checks anything said by republicans its 100% false lies to win the prize sign me up please'
b"everytime i cough gabriel copies me and it's so cute face with tears of joy smiling face with heart shaped eyes i can not wait till my baby is here."
b'everytime i go to the pub at least one person tells me my mum is hot/ fit/ stunning/ milf/ etc.. - makes me feel great smile'
b'everytime i have my hair laid it decides to rain confused face'
b'every time i listen to music from mamma mia past 8pm i start cleaning my room worry why'
b'every time i lose my phone... its always on either silent or vibrate. how convenient'
b'every time i open my ds i instantly forget what i want to play bc i get caught up in the squid sisters song'
b'every time i see an obese cop, a small part of me hopes he has to chase me.'
b'every time i see " explain. " on a test, a part of me dies'
b'every time i wake up i am very excited to switch on the wifi so that i could tweet and the other half!'
b'every -time i walk over a sewer grate i look down into it hoping to catch a glimpse of a ninja turtle'
b'every time my lips are chapped or my nose is stuffed im like what was it like? to live life before this to be happy'
b'every time someone calls me fat i get so depress i cut myself... a piece of cake.'
b'every woman republican senator voted against the equal pay/fairness pay act (4 in total ). well done gop. well done.'
b'every year, i realize how stupid i was the year before.'
b'every year, unknowingly, we pass the anniversary of our future death.'
b'every year you pass your birthday and know that you were born that day but every year you pass your death day and have no clue'
b'ewww i think my jeans will be wet for the rest of the school day? this is so gross'
b'ewwwwwww i actually puked. hahah just how i love to start my monday mornings unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'exactly one half, the right, of my body is covered in hives. i am turning into a raspberry'
b'exactly the kind of email i wish to receive after unsubscribing from an email list.'
b'exactly what i needed to cheer me up. excellent.'
b"exams are like girls, they ask too many questions and are hard to understand... but it feels good when you've nailed one."
b"exam's week is next monday and my grades aren't that great 5 seconds of summer"
b"do not piss up my back and tell me it's raining! what a surprise!"
b'excellent news! : all my lab work is finally done and dusted now i can offically start my hormonal treatment... good ha'
b'except the weekend, he suck'
b'excited for my tuesday schedule. my favorite. smile'
b'excited i was. so excited. to wake up. from my awful, uncomfortable, cold cold cold sleep i was having'
b'excited to wake up to a paycheck tomorrow morning'
b'excuse me as i ruin something in my head before it has a chance to happen'
b"excuse me, here's your nose. i found it in my business."
b'excuse me what did you say i cant hear you i have an ear disease called i dont fucking care'
b"yeah you're right"
b'experience the joy! children in collier county see the beach for the first time'
b'expose our military to ebola great move obama'
b"expressing is fun at 3 o 'clock in the morning!"
b'pathetic. but all of us fans have full confidence that terry ryan/pohlad boys will field a better team next year.'
b'you could invite that guy to lunch with any luck he will not be wearing a suicide vest!'
b"facebook, are you that insecure in that you always need to know what's on my mind?"
b"facebook asks : what's on your mind? twitter asks : what's happening? instagram asks : what did you eat? the web is a worried mom."
b"facebook can read what you're typing, even when you do not post it."
b'facebook is a lot like jail. you sit around and write on walls and get poked by random people.'
b'facebook is for people i normally see. twitter is for people i wish i could see.'
b"facebook is just like my refrigerator. i check it every 10 minutes and yet there's nothing new."
b"facebook is like a fridge. when you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it."
b'facebook is like a relationship : faithful on your wall, but cheating in their inbox'
b'facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you do not know.'
b'facebook is only good for reminding me how much i hate birthdays, births, faces, discussions, interactions and events'
b'facebook is starting to be like my fridge, i know nothing is there but i keep checking it anyway'
b'facebook is stupid i am done with drama'
b'facebook is the easiest way to silently judge people that i never want to see again.'
b"facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall."
b'facebook keeps changing, updating... yet they can not add a simple " " dislike " " button -_-'
b'facebook makes me want to puke.'
b'facebook needs a " wow, that\'s the dumbest fucking thing i\'ve heard, you should be punched in the throat " button.'
b'facebook needs to add " still banging my ex " as a relationship status option.'
b'facebook people be like " like this if you love waffles. ignore if you have buttsex with satan. " wtf is happing?!'
b'facebook rule if i am not in it, do not tag me in your photo.'
b'facebook should have a limit on times you can change ur relationship status in a year! after 2 it should default to \' " unstable " \''
b'facebook should just change it\'s name to " people you may want to avoid. "'
b'facebook should limit the amount of times you can change your relationship status. after 3 times it should say " unstable. "'
b"facebook should make it to where it says, 'went from being in a relationship ' to 'problem solved. '"
b'face is still so numb from the injection this morning... this is going to be fun... cant talk or smile face with tears of joy'
b'face : *smiling* head : fuck you'
b'fact : mimes always scream when you kick them in the balls.'
b': spending at least 60 minutes in conversation with someone you care about an hour before bed can help you sleep peacefully. "'
b'fact : to see better in a dark room, turn on the lights.'
b'faded -away : cut her - or'
b'i thought daredevil was good, except the parts where they tried to make you sympathize b/c i just could not ha except foggy'
b'i need to come home just for this. miss you white frowning face'
b"failed a bio exam smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat had my last chem lab grinning face with smiling eyes bought a car flushed face today's been great"
b'failed that math exam. but you know what? life is too great to stress about the little things smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'fair play my betting is off to a flyer tonight!'
b"fair to say that 4 and a half hour of sleep wasn't enough"
b"fair week is ms. gates ' favorite week of the school year."
b"for a weapon of mass destruction like me, it's more fun to kill with my blade and gain power through the blood that gets on me"
b'fake deep is the best deep'
b'fake friends : once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you'
b'fake is the new trend and everyone seems to be in style.'
b'fake is the new trend and some of my friends seem to be in style!'
b"fakkkk i've been in this shirt for literally an hour and i've already got a stain on it loudly crying face"
b'*fall* couples : we are going to cuddle and snuggle like there is no tomorrow. me : *stares at pillow* you love me right?'
b'fall has been super busy in a great way, between work and a much needed vacation, my creative juices are nicely charged!'
b'falling asleep to the sound of screaming is truly a beautiful thing'
b'falling asleep to the sound of the rain is great'
b'falling in love is like watching a sexy person eat hot, crispy bacon and wanting to eat some, too. marriage is like listening to them chew.'
b'falling out of a turn is so... graceful...'
b'fall in love and missing all over again'
b"fall in love with someone who makes you laugh or you're gonna be really bored when you're 80, with a broken hip, and sex is impossible."
b'family know how to make me feel good about myself'
b"family member : what are you doing with your life? me : it's a surprise"
b'famous quote said on september 16: i hope we do not see another iraq -type operation for a long time kofi annan, 2004.'
b'fan section on point tonight face with tears of joy'
b'fantastic results from my scan :))))))'
b"fantasy football players, time to look up the photos of ap's son. best be dropping him real fast... really"
b'farber thinks that he is gonna push me around in a wheel chair! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'farmer dupre wants to find the best time to take her hogs to the market. the current price is 88 cents per po'
b'farmers never know exactly how many sheep they have. they fall asleep every time they try to count them.'
b'fastest communication : tell a girl a rumor and let her know to keep it a secret.'
b'fate is when you find something you were never looking for and realize its everything you never knew you wanted.'
b'fat girls smoking cigarettes are the most attractive type of people'
b'father had a girlfriend, brother has a girlfriend, i have a fridge.'
b'fat, single and ready for a pringle.'
b'favorite car? : " we\'ll keep fixing the impala whenever she gets beat up. "'
b'favorite late night activity : stalking girls on instagram in my baggie t-shirt eating chicken nuggets wishing i was pretty and fit'
b"favorite old people things watching your family's disappointment as you once again reach your next birthday"
b'favorite pastime : presenting more and more things to my grandmother so she thinks i am a disappointment to the family.'
b': when darth baby will not stop screaming long enough to eat.. is it wednesday yet?!'
b'favorite this if you made the vow " never drinking again " after your new year\'s eve festivities but have already broken it.'
b"can you please tell to add aim assist for snipers it's pretty hard to snipe please do not ruin a great game"
b'do not eat and vlog. makes me wanna puke. but love you 3'
b'why does your hair make you look like bert from sesame street? face with tears of joy'
b"if you grew up in the hood when the white race died black women would of told you as a preteen you weren't going to get a girlfriend."
b'tip of the day, do your job according to the rule of law.'
b'my video of me dry-humping the voluptuous is almost at 225,000 views!'
b'fb new messenger feature : " so what if she did not reply to my message. i at least scored 11 in basketball "'
b"as much as i love blowing up twitter, all good things must come to an end. good luck on your mixtape. i'll be waiting, santa"
b'federal program supplies surplus military gear to schools exactly what the schools need!'
b'fed up with this cold and why is it you do not cough all day but as soon as you get into bed, can not wait to get a good nights sleep'
b"feeling emotions i've never felt before or thought i could feel. thank you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f loudly crying face weary face"
b'feeling great before my game. pensive face'
b'feeling great right now'
b'feeling like a million bucks after that chem 2 test. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'feeling like your about to puke after a slam, i love skateboarding'
b'feelings are ruining my rep of being a hardcore bitch omg'
b'feeling so crazy right now really'
b'feeling so tired but i have work from 1:30pm to 6:00pm cst good'
b'feel like i am developing a stressed eric type vein in my temple. oh and my anxiety is showing up again. good'
b'feels amazzzzing knowing the jobs associated with my degree also requires 2 -3 years of experience'
b'feels good to be ignored.'
b"feels good to be on good terms with someone you thought you'd never be on good terms with ever again."
b'feels good to sleep for 5 hours \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'feels great when i can not sleep, especially when all i want to do is talk to you.'
b'feels like i just broke my elbow i hit it so hard...'
b'feels so nice knowing i have the day off tomorrow, love exeats'
b'do not let the jerks get you down! we love you so much!'
b'fellas just take a day off to be with your queen and love on her.'
b'fell in love with a love that i should\'ve left alone for my own better " that line so powerful.'
b'felt so special going to work today, got endless love. took one day off. everybody acted like i was gone for a year. lol'
b'females be bitchin like dey ass so perfect unamused face'
b'females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me.'
b'females will find out everything, so i suggest you do not lie to them.'
b"feminists, do you hold doors? do you carry your man's stuff when shopping? do you apologize for no reason? do not talk about equal rights."
b"ferris bueller did more in one day than i've done in my entire life."
b'few minutes into your new video and the off center camera is hurting my brain but excited to finish once i am home!'
b'ffs i just want lyndsey to get caught so much'
b"wish this had the grave within a grave track included there's no good quality version of that shit"
b'you must not also enjoy breathing cause adele is life'
b'filling out medical forms is how i like to spend my tuesday mornings'
b'filthylittlecreaturessss : everyday is 420 - or'
b'finally a degree'
b'finally after one and half hour the one we cant live without came back.. now i cn sleep happily!'
b'finally done my classes good'
b'finally finished science homework'
b'finally get a day off from work. holy crap! but you know what... i am proud for working hard. can not wait to actually sit down and edit though'
b'finally get into bed after a long day, but i have more homework. awesome'
b'finally getting up... i love my days off. sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'finally in bed. no better time to start thinking about every possible thing that has or ever could happen.'
b'finals week : the happiest and most depressing week of the entire semester.'
b"finding dory made me so feel guilty for every single time i've touched the sea creatures in the touch pools at aquariums i am sorry"
b'finding out the kid you " dated " in jr high is now in prison'
b'finding out your ex got fat is like finding 20 bucks in your pocket. not life changing but definitely puts a smile on your face.'
b'finding someone who thinks ur interesting enough to talk to you every day, whether theyre a friend or a lover, is one of the best feelings ever'
b'finding that out made me so happy'
b'find someone who is honest, laughs when you make fun of them, and then give each other orgasms.'
b'find someone who makes you happy and hold them responsible for all your emotions.'
b"find someone who will be there for you at 2 am when you're falling apart, but also at 3 pm when you love life and they make you love it more"
b'find someone who will change your life, not just your status.'
b'fine. do not reply to my text then. i like food better than you anyway.'
b"i am lookin i am lookin i have kinda a busy weekend with wrk but i'll try and get shit done"
b'finished my first grad school test today now i can take time off studying'
b'finished my lunch shift, now just gonna do my homework in the car until my dinner shift lmao this is the life'
b'finished my whole lab before my lab class was even technically over good'
b"finishing up my work on mindojo's bloomberg level i cfa exam prep project. what a great company and great pay!"
b'finishing your algebra 2 homework in class is one of the best feelings ever'
b'finishing you\'re morning work like " dang i am glad i got up early "'
b'fire alarm at the suites, perfect thing to end my dinner hamburger'
b'fire alarm activated at this ungodly hour. it is also raining... only good thing is that are hot'
b'*fire alarm goes off. we walk outside in the drizzling rain* stephanie szovati says " how can there be a fire if its raining? " flushed face face without mouth'
b'fire alarm in the house going off was the perfect thing to wake up too'
b'fire alarm, now i can stand outside and enjoy this perfect weather'
b'fire alarm went off and its raining'
b'fire alarm went off at school so we are all outside. and then it starts raining.'
b"fire alarm went off during my physics class, so all these fuckers decide it's a good idea to have a quick cig..."
b'fireman should be made of fire if snowman is made of snow.'
b'first 10 years of a girls life is spent playing with barbies & the next 10 years are spent trying to look like one.'
b'first canceled my order, ran out of everything i ordered, then charged me twice because " my card wasn\'t on file ". thanks a lot.'
b'first day all school year that i havent had homework and i dont know what to do with myself'
b'first day back... homework in every subject smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day back to work was a success. only if by success you mean a mind numbing welcome back to reality.'
b'first day ever of no homework = take 2 naps'
b'first day ever without having any homework really idk what to do with myself'
b'first day i actually do not have any homework or work for any of my classes.'
b'first day i do not have homework since the first day of school... time to soak up the moment smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'first day i have not had any homework in awhile.'
b'first day in a long time i have no homework so i can sleep all day, i get called to give tutoring lol i hate my life'
b'first day in a long time i have not had any homework smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day ive never had homework to do smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day of actual school and i purposely left my homework at school.'
b'first day of college that i do not have any homework, work, or responsibilities. weary face'
b'first day of holiday fr me starts with doing homework.'
b'first day of human anatomy and we already have homework due this afternoon and a post lecture quiz smile'
b'first day of no homework in five weeks. how long will this last?'
b'first day of the new tri and it feels like i have more homework than i have all year'
b'first day of this school year that i do not have homework'
b'first day since school started that liv doesnt have homework. smiling face with sunglasses'
b'first day we got our stuff for basketball - leaves bag at gym and forgets to bring i home. still not as bad as " forgetting " homework'
b'first draw in a while.'
b"first exam tomorrow, did not study. i'll tell ya how that'll go"
b'first i spilt lots of hot chocolate, then i microwaved it too much and it exploded, but i got lots in the mug and then it was great.'
b'first michael jackson, then neil armstrong?! somethings telling me god is not a fan of moon walkers.'
b"first my sister's eye and now my brother is covered in hives. what's next"
b'first night since the first day of school that i do not have homework wow'
b'first paper of the semester! woohoo'
b'first round of prototypes were almost perfect. some small changes and waiting on the second round now. long'
b'first the jerk cut me off in traffic, then stole my parking space, then his stupid car got paint all over my key!'
b'first thesis meeting tomorrow'
b'first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win'
b'first thing a girl says when it rains : " my hair! "'
b'first thing i do in the morning : look at the clock and hope i have more time to sleep.'
b'first thought as i woke up! miss you'
b"first week of school : bitch, i am gonna work so fucking hard. i am getting straight a's! second week : fuck this shit. i give up!"
b'f is for friends that fuck you over you is for ur a hoe n is for never talk to me again, leave me the fuck alone'
b"i know! it's better though that they went up. i wish juniors would've went up too. the total is what i am hoping to hit for my dl neutral face"
b'five hours on this geometry exam and still not finished. i love my major. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'fixed smiling face with open mouth everyday would be a great day to just chill at home doing nothing.'
b'fixing friendships is one of my favorite things.'
b"fixing kandice's tweets is one of my favorite pastimes."
b'fixing the playlist of my life. but actually punk rock will always be my favorite genre'
b"fixing to watch my all time favorite movie 'white chicks ' \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x88"
b"fixing to watch my favorite actress she's so awesome smiling face with open mouth heavy black heart her"
b'fixing your favorite toilet | community services inc.'
b'flappy bird is like the new angry bird except this time i am the angry one'
b'flight got canceled so i had to rebook which was my " refund ". i am now flying out 12 hours from when i was supposed to. thanks'
b"flipped on pros vs joes to pass some time. had no idea i'd catch and his frosted tips raining threes. pleasant surprise"
b'flirting - normal people : " hey whats up cutie ;)) " me : " soo.. you like breadsticks? "'
b'that silly lorry is still sleeping on the m11 slip road'
b'lol i love that'
b'i love that ya got children on better health n nutrition'
b'spoke to the country today not just as first lady but as first mom. we owe it to our kids to reject bullying, bigotry and sexism.'
b'luke fucking hemmings are you trying to kill me bcs its working fucksnsohsk 5 seconds of summer'
b'we are just the " sensitive ones " ha my allergy started when we had our pet tho but i love the dog so im dying'
b"flushing a slow or hesitant toilet at someone else's house is the scariest 5 to 10 seconds ever."
b'flying is simple. you just throw yourself at the ground and miss.'
b'good started of at work went to my classes then more work'
b'focus intently doing ur homework or writing ur own novel while wearing ur own lucas hoodie!'
b'fog and rain follows weekend snow - thanksgiving travel likely impacted'
b'foggy across the state north of highway 84... good pic'
b'just too good a stuff coming from someone so young.'
b'follow your brain. your heart is stupid.'
b'heavy check mark food heavy check mark bed heavy check mark music heavy check mark twitter heavy check mark cellphone = perfect day.'
b'food chemistry sounds fun but i do not want to pay for culinary arts school. i also want my ph. d and i do not need any delays.'
b'when she and nanna g came over while you were camping. was sublime. sorry to make you jealous about this food'
b'food poisoning is the best.'
b"of course caro's opinion is far more educated and knowledgable than anyone who actually has played or coached the game"
b"for a hero, it's pretty cool that mario is just a dude who ignores his real job, does mushrooms and smashes his head into things all day."
b'for as little as a day you can feed a family of 5 ducks pieces of bread down at the local pond.'
b'that looks like something... can not quite put my finger on it'
b'foreigners good morning good afternoon good night yall too ~ i like the time when the sky is dark and blue.. like 5am!'
b"forever 21 gives me anxiety, i love the store but it's so unorganized and i can not figure out what to get i have to walk around 100 times"
b'forever eating carbs and praying they go to my ass and not my stomach.'
b'forever fucked up in the head. thanks.'
b'forever going to school looking like a wet dog'
b'forever living in my brothers shadow is just great!'
b'forever wanting christian cooke to love me " come on, man she\'s waiting'
b'forever wondering what my language sounds like to people who can not speak it'
b'for everyone who just saw me face plant it on west campus, thanks for not making me feel like a total loser. the applause was great.'
b'forget team edward or team jacob, i am team guy who almost hit bella with his van.'
b'forgetting to put your alarm when you start at 7am... this is great.'
b'forgetting which pocket your car keys is in can result in the macarena'
b'for girls : a nice, warm and cozy cuddle. for guys : a dead arm, a face full of hair and a awkward boner that you can not do anything about.'
b"forgot deodorant this morning so i'll just rock the t -rex arms."
b'forgot to bring my headphones to the gym this morning, the music they play in this gym pumps me up soo much!'
b'forgot to charge my phone last night... 17% battery will get me through the day right?'
b'forgot to clean my room well so carpet cleaning guys : welcome to my depression crevice trade mark sign'
b'forgot to make resolutions? just write out everything you did last night and at the beginning add the word " stop. "'
b"for halloween i should just dress up as fred from scooby doo and run around taking off people's masks"
b"for just once in my life i want my phone to ring and for someone on the other end to ask if i am on a'secure line '"
b'for many people, " live and learn " is one task too many.'
b"for men who think a woman's place is in the kitchen... remember, that's where the knives are kept."
b'for me, " time " is a perspective. in this particular case... i\'ll need billions light years to wait being attractive'
b'for someone who loves sleep so much you \xc2\x92d think that i \xc2\x92d sleep earlier'
b'for some reason i literally hate almost everyone today.. pensive face'
b'for some reason i love staying up and making myself tired the next day..'
b'for the first time in forever i am happy with my english homework'
b'for the first time in my life i literally spent an entire weekend doing school work and reading...'
b'for the fun group 5 seconds of retirement 5 seconds of summer'
b'for the love of everything - what the hell are those uniforms about look like the puke of misery.'
b'for the next twenty minutes i will be doing nothing.'
b'for the third night in a row, i am going to try to get through this war documentary without falling asleep.'
b"for you men who think a woman's place is in the kitchen, remember... that's where the knives are kept."
b"found the orthotics i've been looking for for 2 months in my gym bag. i guess that says how often i go to the gym."
b'found this pic in my phone with skrillex face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'four hours of sleep'
b'four words that i never want to hear : there is no food.'
b': fuck you! fraser wants my babies! i am a 10 -5! 7 hours on the floor because life is fucking mint.'
b"i am working on an art work for you, it's based on the depression subject. you will love it, can you please dm me!"
b'i really hope you never reveal who you really are, its too much fun reading the speculations. love from mrs. foust'
b"why not ask him if he wants to donate that 166 million he has to the oppressed blacks he's talking about?"
b"can not blame him, his first job is to protect his citizens and govt can not guarantee the ppl they're dropping invisible state"
b"what's the time limit ignoring a murder, i did not realize their was one? let's all just continue to ignore it."
b'hillary says at rally i talk a positive rally not an insulting one yet all she does is insult trump. mixed up person'
b'did they give them all baby bottles and wipe their butts too? come on. this is why the millennials are the way they are'
b'enable the message feature on your facebook so your viewers that are upset with megyn kelly over ng last night can tell you so.'
b'these kids do not even know what they are doing. they are not taught history anymore. funny they do not look opposed!'
b'good you for finally reporting on a drunk driver that is not a latino'
b'have been for over 25 years. they perfected it over the last 8years. how can anyone in their right mind votehrc'
b'that is definitely saying it nicely pence. it is not just the work of trump, but we have work to help'
b'great move governor. other states need to do the same if they have the guts. these refugees will be the next demo voter plantations.'
b'people better wake up bc if she gets in our america will be gone.'
b'greg as a child and parent i hated homework i was especially bad at math i was in banking & never used it. i built a bank'
b'hard to believe in talking snakes in the google age.'
b"her child care policy is to laugh while defending the rapist who attacks children. she's a demented spawn of satan"
b'how exactly are we going to do that by letting them die and benghazi like you did'
b'people are really thinking of voting for this man, who does or says this if your running for office. fools!!'
b"hollywood is a bunch of loser that are on the inside billy baldwin you couldn't hold down a regular job in your life loser"
b"if everyone was like that the country would be half full all the time... not like we've had a super majority winner recently."
b'i fly to canada next week through detroit but at least it was just the co pilot.'
b'- they got rich on their own. trump was just born into it - time for him to retire from never working.'
b'i want to literally understand what goes through your heads but in all honestly i cannot. it makes no sense. and i am neutral lmao.'
b'unreal, the pen never had a chance to dry... i could not believe he was doing this and still staying in office'
b'your personality is getting uglier every day! you are o longer fair and balanced and are bad for the network!'
b'normal countries would have real news networks and politicians that do not lie to the public. but i know nothing smile'
b"no fox & friends!! it's the 2nd time this week replaced by some comedy show!! hour 1/2 2 days ago!!"
b'now that cow farts are regulated i can finally rest easy thank god'
b'yes, if your parents came here illegally and your welcome to go with them. they need to do it right.'
b'spoke with at the riot? i knew his ass was there.. is he the one with the toilet paper or the weave? lol'
b'what at this point difference does it make if it means president hrc. wake up pple'
b'she canceled the events because people do not show up. how does she even have 43?'
b'how funny, trump everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie, arrogant but still a liar'
b'it is the strongest gang in the united states the political machine'
b'^so just shut up trump, and stop acting like you didnt know who she was for nearly 30 years "you have no clue"'
b"wake up america, it's time for change and financial discipline, its time for career do nothing politicians to go"
b"the guy's is a traitors! come out of hiding if you are sure of ur wikipedia."
b"these attacks were created by white men who live in ny & nj, who're trying to start a race war in america, as with a prank."
b'what happened to, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor? was that a lie?'
b"it's cute when you think you're funny baby"
b'i would love clinicals if we didnt have to start really early'
b"not too sure what happened there! wasn't going to be an easy game for chelsea"
b'frank ocean, the fusion old school and new school, neo soul that would make everyone cry tears of joy'
b'free from the hospital and doing history homework now. i have a sinus infection but it should be better soon. first day of work tomorrow!'
b"free samples shouldn't be limited to ice cream stores. how can i be sure this fifth of vodka is worth the 6 dollars without a quick chug?"
b'free weekend 4 is useless, constant " can not connect to servers " errors, good job ruining what\'s supposed to be a fun weekend'
b'friday night drags have been canceled due to technical difficulties. we do not have a rescheduled date soon! thanks for understanding!'
b"fridays ' classes are the most boring ones, but what's best about them is that they only last from 9 to 12 am :^)"
b'friday the 13th... who needs friday the 13th when you have bad luck naturally'
b'*friend comes over* friend : " do you have a bathroom? " me : " no, we shit outside. "'
b'friend : " dude i wasn\'t that drunk... " me : " dude, you gave a mushroom to a midget and kept yelling \'grow mario grow.'
b'friend : how are things me : please do not make me think about my life'
b'friendly reminder :27 more days until christmas, you can do it \xf0\x9f\x8e\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81'
b'friendly reminder that adele and taylor swift are the same age yet one of them has a child and another is mentally stuck in middle school.'
b'friend : " omg, your parents are so nice! " you : " it\'s because you\'re here.. "'
b'friends are like boobs. some are big, some are small. some are real and some are fake.'
b'friends are supposed to make you feel good about yourself just remember that'
b'friends buy you food. best friends eat your food.'
b'friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn, but it takes years to write'
b"friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it's about who you have the best time with & who's actually there for you"
b'friendship isn\'t about who you\'ve known the longest. it\'s about who walked into your life, said " i am here for you " and proved it.'
b'friendship is so weird... you just pick a human you\'ve met and you\'re like " yup i like this one " and you just do stuff with them.'
b'friends knock on your door. best friends walk into your house and start eating.'
b'friends who buy you food are friends for life.'
b'friends who dont take random pictures of me when were together : do you not care about my instagrams aesthetic?'
b"friend : there's a life outside the internet. me : send me the link."
b'friend : whats your favorite season? me : of which show? friend : me : friend : me : me : me : oh you meant like the weather'
b"friend : would you roam around naked if you were invisible me : what's the point of being naked then.. f : :-/"
b'friend : " your zipper is down. " me : " ughh, your mom is so forgetful! "'
b"friend : you should've come with us! me : an invite would of helped"
b'i want to watch it rly bad but i also want to attempt to get some decent sleep for once'
b'wait we do not go to school in california?'
b'from middle school to high school to college'
b'from practice last night then work after then straight to blocking/final rehearsal earlier today.'
b'from school to work to practice. i have no free time.'
b'from the bottom of my heart, i do not give a fuck.'
b'from the kids that i babysit : " you look like your ten. no wait. you look like your 5. maybe because you are really short. "'
b'from the moment i saw you, i knew i was gonna spend the rest of my life avoiding you.'
b'from what said to me as she walked into dale i could tell she is super excited for her first two test'
b'that from country built on immigration and immigrants more paranoid us bull shit and smells of racism'
b'they deserve the money.. all those years of public service..'
b'fuc 12, number 11 without pickles, 10 dollars left in my account, 9 baby mamas, 8 points on my license, 7 days a week of grinding, 6 ways to'
b'fucked a guys hair up damn i suck'
b'fuck everyone who said they were there for me, and then left.'
b'fuck face? " : love it when a female pulls off a nice little fuckface. osati looking lookin like you tryna puke out a penis. "'
b'fuck, i guess we never hit up twitter about this but we have a new single out at ~ also working on fun new merch'
b'fucking glad sinclair is finally home. bitch was mad annoying.'
b'fucking " is one of those fucking words you can fucking put any fucking where in a sentence and it still makes fucking sense.'
b'fucking love liars face with tears of joy naaaaat'
b'fucking love nights like this'
b'fucking with poppy and this damn rain today my hair need be flat ironed i just do not feel like dealing with my hair right now'
b'fucking retweet and get a chance to be famous'
b'fuck it lmao i love all the classes'
b'fuck me can hear some lad jebbing an absolute whopper upstairs sounds like an elephants about to fall through the ceiling! top night for me'
b'" fuck that shit " is a perfectly acceptable replacement for the word " no "'
b'fuck this i am gonna be a stripper " says the 14 -year -old girl who just got a c on her math test'
b'fuck you if you dont retweet this \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'fuk i look like losing sleep? face with tears of joy'
b'full day of chores'
b'fun 3:45 love being up early'
b'fun fact - 67% of my blood stream is actually just diet coke'
b'fun fact : deciding where to eat is the leading cause of divorce'
b'fun fact : over 97. 8% of men have already made mistakes this year that a woman will remind him about for the rest of his days.'
b"fun fact : the number of ben and jerry's ice cream flavors is higher than the grade i got on my chemistry test."
b'fun fact : your labs say that only 2% of your blood carries oxygen that\'s why you keep passing out " mom that\'s not a " fun fact "'
b'fun fact : your heavy black heart pumps (on avg ) 5 l of blood in 1 minute'
b"fun family times : wiping ur bro's blood off the toilet seat"
b'fun game to play at the movies : not bringing your f*cking baby'
b'fun giveaway : castello cheese for a year and cooking classes for two! enter below.'
b'fun in the emergency room. get me out of here.'
b"fun new prank : put on super burnt out song and pretend you've never heard it before. gets 'em every time."
b'fun (not really ) story : i was making a thing for you but sv kept crashing and now i do not have the thing yet and now i am sad'
b'funny, engaging and unpredictable. their chemistry is fun to watch and i will. smile'
b'funny, i was hoping to wake up to the biggest upset of the year. well then berdy, you never fail to disappoint'
b"fun on the same court with my family we got all the chemistry. too bad we're not on the same team tho! lol"
b'fun prank : stand up in the middle of class run out of the school keep running do not turn back start a new life under a fake name'
b'fun (probably not really ) fact : i was actually meant to win toms, but they sent nathans instead! not that i am complaing smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'fun trip to the pharmacy to collect my prescription, ended up having an injection and taking a student drinking quiz. brill evening'
b"fyi : there's no other way to go other than the street her house is on. her house is literally on my way to school and work."
b'hello sunshine. hope you had a good holiday too. let me bbm or whatsapp you instructions rather smile'
b"sounds like she's having an amazing day!"
b'thank you so much! not sure if i should favorite that bday shout out or retweet it... so i did both!'
b'can i just pretend my phone was off all night and not working? 5 seconds of summer'
b"yeah that's weird not gonna lie"
b'has not talked to me at all since i moved out.'
b'fantastic day with your year two pupils. very wet but so enthusiastic. a credit to your school!'
b'good recollection bc i dont want to have classes yet'
b'yeah blasting some good music ha'
b'game tonight to see all my friends'
b': " : beach weather down south tomorrow. you up for it? " *yes loving this summer * "'
b'best one i heard : if your worried about the 540 jobs from trident - give them \xc2\xa31million each then spend the rest of the nhs etc'
b'still do not get them for another hour you maniac'
b'gary how much wine have you drunk we have been waiting for 50 years'
b"think how we feel when your hosting match of the day, you'd make cocaine fall asleep"
b'this is twitter gary. if the tackles are too rough, get off the field'
b'gave my first injections today! nursing school is fun'
b"lol lazy butt 3 jk you're allowed and my day was good but ive been so overly tired lately. good gecko stream"
b'gee sure am glad i am able to sustain a thought for longer than a week ha'
b'gee what a great time to get sick'
b'gee wiz what a great day so far. you can cut the tension with a knife and they think im faking'
b': my back feels fantastic.'
b'my baby girl! i love me some mia! but everything is good thank the lord.. just working a lot and living life the right way'
b'great place to be every thing about tulchan is first class have not fished a beat but d beat is fantastic and robert will look aftu'
b'geometry buffet cause i hate myself and love food'
b'geometry dash is love, geometry dash is life'
b'\xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x9c\xa8- geometry is hilarious w you and if you need anything, i am here. thanks for helping me through things lately, love you!'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x90\x9a geometry will be lit tmw when i move but love you so much kissing face with closed eyes'
b"georgetown's 1 -3 start is the worst for the school since the 1971 -72 season (hired john thompson the next season )"
b"germany opens it's arms & borders & this is the thanks they get"
b'get caught den i want make a sound face without mouth'
b"get done with a calc 2 quiz and then go learn how to multiply, divide, add, and subtract when there's parentheses"
b'get great review videos here for the science section on the exam.'
b'you know me, im nothing like " they "'
b'get out of the shower and got all cozy in bed only to realize i only shaved one leg'
b'get ready for no phone good'
b'*gets angry when nobody invites me anywhere but declines the chance of going out when someone asks *'
b'*gets caught staring at someone and makes eye contact with every other person in the room to cover it up *'
b'*gets hit by a car* driver : omg are you ok me : kill me next time'
b'get the fxck out lol " : sooowoooooooo rt i like them cyber-thugs! lol they meannn! "'
b'getting 3 shots good'
b'getting a day off is love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy weary face'
b'getting another injection for my back today. should be fun. worry'
b'getting a plastic fish thrown at me by a one and a half year old is a great experience'
b'getting called cute by someone who is way cuter is the best feeling ever tbh'
b'getting comfortable before sleeping is such a chore'
b'getting dropped off at college sure makes me feel like an adult? seriously today is gonna kick my butt. not feeling good and i have to sit through a tuesday schedule...'
b'getting grounded was totally worth it'
b'getting high of morphine at the hospital'
b'getting ignored, i love it smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'getting ignored is my favorite thing in the world.'
b'getting ignored is so fun.. unamused face unamused face'
b'getting into a relationship may be tempting but so was getting on the titanic ship and look what happened there.'
b'getting married at 21 sounds a lot like leaving a party at 9:30pm'
b'getting my braces tomorrow so excited'
b'getting my hair done face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes by the fav cousin'
b'getting out of the shower to pee is like getting out of your car to order at the drive-thru.'
b"getting paid to sleep... that's my dream job."
b'getting pulled over is a great way to start my morning!'
b'getting sent voice notes of the noisy rain in joburg. good so glad to hear it pouring (literally )'
b'getting texts from my coworkers about how stressful my day will be tomorrow... i need 5 more drinks please. all the tequila. all of it.'
b"getting tutoring for algebra 2 was the best decision i've made this year lmao"
b'getting x-rays. sick'
b'getting yelled at for sleeping after class on your day off ha dontcha just love it unamused face'
b'gettin that ios8 cuz i still have nothing to do until school starts... or second practice'
b'get to get my wisdom teeth out in the next few months.'
b'get to go get a lot of blood work done!'
b'get to sleep in like a half hour tomorrow'
b'get to take my road test in the snow'
b'get you a boy who makes ur life fun so you do not have to rt all these depressed tweets'
b'get your tickets for the pre new years turn up! already sold a couple so far cant wait to get sweaty with all of you'
b'gf fell asleep on the couch so i drew a spider on her glasses with dry erase marker. and now we wait'
b"gf found my list of all the girls i've slept with. i told her it was names for our future kids, but she did not buy drunk girl on cruise ship"
b"gf - what's that beeping? me - fasten seatbelt alarm. gf - how can you ignore something so annoying? me - huh?"
b'ghax i am nice i waited and held the door open for you. least thing you could do was say thank you.'
b'ghetto translation " ight n *gga " :i\'m offended by what you said and i am done with this conversation.'
b'ghetto translation : " i got your back " as soon as something goes down, i\'ll run.'
b'thank you for fixing this. i am happy to be pleased again with one of my favorite brands since childhood'
b'giants have no skill position players all thanks to reese bargain shopping enough talent'
b'gia yelled " twice " today and ronicka said " i love them! "'
b'the movie was wild i can not lie lol. but yeah finish the book first.'
b'waiting for that day when my name is there too. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wuuuut. i still dont start for another week. literally came to school to party for the first 3 weeks straight.'
b'girl : " baby i am pregnant " boy : " the number you are trying to reach is no longer in service. error :40044 "'
b'girl call me the canadian spelling cause i am wrong without you'
b'girl : " dad, i am lesbian. " sister : " me too dad. " dad : " does not anyone like guys here!? " son : " i do. " dad : -_-'
b'girlfriends are like hiccups : cute/funny at first, then annoying. so you try to get rid of them by scaring them away and drinking too much.'
b"girlfriend : want to eat what my mom made? me : what'd she make? girlfriend : me"
b'girl : " how much do you love me? " boy : " look at the sky and count the stars. " girl : " but, it\'s daytime... " boy : " haha, exactly. "'
b'girl, i like you so much, i might even let you hold my phone... some day, while its locked'
b"girl : i am 20, how old are you? boy :18. girl : awwee, you're a baby. boy : bitch i ain't too young to give you this dick."
b'girl : " i am ugly "... boy : you spelt " attention seeking whore " wrong.'
b'girl : is that a banana in your pocket, or are you just excited to see me smile me : *pulls out banana and eats it in awkward silence *'
b'girl next to me at downtown crossing is complaining about a lab report she has to do tonight... i am going to get a pizza... man life is good.'
b'*girl opens gift on her birthday* girl : " shoes and a vibrator? " boyfriend : " if you do not like the shoes, you can go fuck yourself! "'
b': " money will not make you happy " yeah, financial stability is just horrible " accurateeee'
b"girl rule : if she talks to the guy i like, i hate her and she's a whore"
b'girls always find things out, they might not say anything right away, but they know.'
b'girls :anything you say will be used against you, in an argument, 10 months from now, because i am a woman. and we never forget anything ever'
b'girls are like drugs. we can get addicted to them and they can ruin our lives.'
b'girls are like " i wish i could find a guy just like you " and i am like, but i am a guy just like me'
b'girls be like " do not look at me while i am eating " but will stare into your soul while they suckin your dick'
b'girls be like : " the text oomf just sent me &gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ; " the text : whats up bitch'
b'girls could argue for 6 hours straight but 5 minutes of sucking dick they talking about " my mouth hurts " expressionless face'
b'girls definitely enjoy it when guys take more selfies than them and put them all on snap chat'
b'girls eyebrows these days be looking like they got sponsored by nike.'
b"girls eyebrows these days look like they've been sponsored by nike."
b"girls fall in love by what they hear. guys fall in love by what they see. that's why most girls wear makeup and most guys lie"
b'girls gone weed - or'
b'girls go thru about 76 different emotions a day. she might love you at 9:03 & wanna stab you in the throat at 9:15.'
b"girls greet each other normally the way i'd act if i saw a friend who i thought was dead."
b'girls have periods, cramps, babies, and everything else. the least a guy could do is text her first and play with their hair'
b"girl since you walked in, i've been thinking. i ain't ever seen nothing like you before."
b'girls love a guy who can just chill without bringing up sex'
b"girls named miranda do not think it's funny when you tell them they have the right to remain silent."
b"girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, and an education. 'cuz 10yrs from now, swag isn't going to pay the bills."
b'*girls on period* boy : " hey, how was your day? " girl : " are you calling me fat?! "'
b'girls, there is nothing attractive about trying to look like a duck in pictures.'
b"girls who act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick."
b'girls who advertise amazon wishlists to complete strangers, if you had a book on there called " how to not be pathetic, " i\'d buy it for you.'
b'girls who call their friends out on stuff in front of boys to make themselves look better irritate me so much like wyd?'
b"girls who pretend to act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick"
b'girls who say, " a lot of guys are after me ", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.'
b"girls who talk in a stupid baby voice when they're around guys... just stop?... it's not cute"
b'girls with pink hair and orange roots basically win at life'
b'girl to girl : " awhh, you\'re really pretty! " " thank you so much, you are too! " guy to guy : " you\'re handsome " " wtf? dude are you gay? "'
b"girl : why can not i be in a cute relationship already? me : because you're ugly."
b'girl : " why did not you reply to my last text? " boy : " how am i supposed to reply to lol "?'
b'girl, you misheard me. i said i wanted to be in a " real asian ship, " meaning we should go on a chinese fishing boat, as platonic friends.'
b'girl you must be scar from the lion king because you hurt my pride'
b'girl, you piss me off. you seriously p -i -s -s me the fuck off. and thanks to your behavior it seems like you have something to hide.'
b'give a girl a break! i did oversleep and i feel terrible but it was amazing! that extra half hour of sleep'
b"give a man a catfish and he'll eat for a day. teach a man to catfish and he can have internet boyfriends in 7 different countries."
b'give a man a jacket, and he will stay warm when he goes outside. teach a man to jack it, and he will not go outside at all.'
b'give my right arm for chips and curry sauce right now'
b"i am glad.. before i leave just remember, you're a basic bitch"
b'*gives people advice when i cant even handle my own problems *'
b'i dont understand how me being excited is hurting you but alright.'
b'giving blood today was so much fun face with tears of joy'
b'giving gum to your friend is like a drug deal. " you didnt see anything, you didnt hear anything, and you sure as hell didnt get it from me "'
b'giving thanks to my family this year for doing literally anything and everything to piss me off you rock my socks guys'
b'giving up smoking not good lol fair'
b'glad he likes me'
b'glad i could do a sit up today smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'glad i have a boyfriend that will listen to me bitch and complain about life.'
b'glad i am getting even more detached from this stupid town that smells like oversleeping on a very hot day.'
b'glad i am on vacation tommorow. \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'glad i am the only person you need.'
b'glad i waited til 2 hours before i have lab then have to immediately do my seminar on my research to start it.'
b'glad my class is adolescent development yet we are learning about research that has nothing to do with adolescents. makes since right?'
b'glad my dog chewed up the bed i bought him'
b"glad my hair ain't get fcked up in this rain!"
b'glad my sister came to get me'
b'glad our new email is working so flawlessly'
b"glad practice isn't early today. i need a long ass break. tired face"
b"glad that the pulse isn't busy"
b'glad the first floor of potomac smells like straight vodka'
b'glad to know how sympathetic you are'
b'glad to know i have you there for me..'
b'glad to know i am worth it.'
b"glad to know that's how some people look at me."
b'glad to know youre here to help when i need you...'
b'glad to see nhs holds its title by making us go to school today...'
b'glad to see our generation is doing a great job to stop the drug trend \xf0\x9f\x9a\xac\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'glad to see you put your friends before your horrible gf'
b'glad we can be mature about this'
b'glad we went our separate ways... your just a miserable bitch'
b'glad you got my back.'
b'yep all types of dry humping'
b'glue a tiny mirror over your drivers license photo so when you hand it to the police they will get confused and arrest themselves instead.'
b'having the best time, missing 6am starts though'
b"if we have 2nd referendum and it's then 1 -1, then we need 3rd referendum to decide winner. what do you think gary?"
b'you have no sense of humor. you come across like a dour trade union representative.'
b'goal : be in bed by midnight.'
b'goal of this trip... not to overpack face with tears of joy'
b'god bless the person who decides to marry my psycho ass oneday'
b'god created the world in 7 days, well it took 9 months to create me so clearly i am a big deal'
b'god damn " thanks for the follow " dms always piss me off'
b'god did not promise days without pain, sun without rain, but he did promise strength for the day and light for the way.'
b'god did not want me in the snow so he canceled my shift today thanks, man.'
b'god fucking damn it, why did i move back home? hope i can make enough money to move out before the new year'
b'god gave us our relatives ; thank god we can choose our friends.'
b'god, i just love losing my voice. well everyone, fall is officially here!'
b'god i love it when clients stand me up!'
b'god i love waking up for 8am classes'
b'god i am so glad i dont have to deal with your bitch ass anymore raised hand'
b'god lends us love, but when love is grown to ripeness, that on which it throve falls off, and love is left alone -alfered tennyson'
b'god loves me even when i do not forward those chain letters.'
b"god made men. but sandwiches weren't going to make themselves. so god made women."
b'god, please give me a cold that will blow off my right arm'
b'god please remove anybody lying to me, using me, speaking foul on me behind my back but pretending to love me in my face. amen.'
b"god today's gonna suck. i need to work on two essays and get a lot done if i want any free time this weekend"
b'god : what do you want? me : a loyal soulmate! god : shut up! i do not exist.'
b'*goes back to school after a long break* how do i hold a pen'
b'*goes to a party and awkwardly follows friend around the entire time *'
b'goes to the first family function in 4 years and i get stuck babysitting smile'
b'goes to the school bar and gets drunk between classes face with tears of joy'
b'my heart was literally hurting so much during dr chris brown i felt sick sooo excited the puppy survived'
b'going from no homework to everything due on the same day is just awesome'
b'going from one babysitting job to another babysitting job, then another babysitting job today. this will be fun.'
b'going in on my day off i love my money'
b'going in to work for 2 hours was totally worth the 35 min drive!'
b'going straight to bed after practice today.'
b'going through all your android devices and updating them and their browsers is such fun!'
b'going to a study session drunk.'
b'going to attempt a nap here wish me luck might sleep through the alarm'
b"going to attempt to do that thing called sleep, i've heard its very refreshing... fingers crossed, so night and sweet dreams everyone xx"
b'going to attempt to get some sleep on the couch tonight, i am just not ready to sleep alone pensive face'
b'going to attempt to sleep now. hoping for the best. i need a full day of productivity tomorrow cuz i am within a week of deadline now.'
b'going to attempt waking up at 5 to go running sleepy face so i need to go to sleep soon'
b'going to be a nice evening trying to fix my bike'
b'going to bed angry. fucking love it'
b'going to bed with a headache and waking up with a headache makes my day'
b'going to bed with these thoughts! good bring on the nightmares worry'
b'going to be on my disney cruise after school tomorrow i cant wait im so happy good'
b'going to church does not make you a christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.'
b'going to enjoy listening to the same 5 songs on the radio on the way to sudbury'
b'going to listen to stars are aligned just one more time.. smile'
b"going to mr. cns is the most high school thing i've ever done"
b'going to school for like 2 period tomorrow good smile'
b'going to school : late going to a doctors appointment : late going to a party : late going to a concert :8 hours early'
b'going to the bank on my lunch break tmrw to get some cash out for the rest of the week then putting my credit card away.'
b'going to the dentist'
b"going to the toy store, pressing the'try me ' button on a toy and it wont stop... so you just awkwardly walk away like nothing happened."
b'going to work super hung over twice in 1 week \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'going to work with a headache so you already know this is going to be a good day.'
b'going to your friend `s house and eating all their food like you own the place.'
b'i heart the eagles'
b'goku may have been a dark skin nigga low key cuz he had no job and did not pay child support but he could fight good.'
b'gonna attempt some sleep al probs fail as usual'
b'gonna be a fun day'
b'gonna be another long sleepless night. might as well do college work. my life is so interesting..'
b'gonna be another weekend sat in doing nothing, how great'
b'gonna be late to school good'
b'gonna be so weird when we\'re throwing a paper ball into a garbage can yelling " kobe! " and our kids do not understand what we mean.'
b'gonna blast when i get out of class in 12 mins and i can not wait loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'gonna have to do another unfollow spree later today, yeah, those are always fun.'
b'gonna spend my birthday at school tomorrow! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'gonna start applying for benefits since is not a real job according to and and'
b'gonna start putting my boyfriend my man crush every monday to fit in'
b'gonna start this again.'
b'gonna suck going back to work after such a good weekend'
b"gonna try this twitter thing. but dude i'd really rather be surfing the big blue... water wave"
b'gonna try watch a scary movie this weekend (i suck with scary movies ) help me pick *no saw already seen em *'
b"gonna wake up at midnight to listen to adele's new album bc i am that excited for it smiling face with heart shaped eyes grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'gonna wake up with puffy eyes tomorrow smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'good bye mexico \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f thanks for the fun memories, tan bodies, and burnt lips'
b'good cycling session tonight, done 23. 9 miles with rain and winds but all round it was a good strong ride \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'good decisions are why the weekend stories you tell on monday suck.'
b'good defending from gibbs there.'
b'good foggy and cold morning \xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1 be happy smile'
b'good game'
b"good girls ain't no fun"
b'good girls are made with sugar and spice, fun girls are made with vodka and ice.'
b'good girl " : lmao oh yeah oh yeah! "'
b"good job you lost my business to after 6 years because i couldn't turn in a phone with a battery cover missing."
b'good job by the referees tonight.'
b'good job changing seats. i am sure the passenger next to my 3yo will be happy to take care of them.'
b'good job, nfl, you really know how to handle criminals.'
b'good job on the homework winking face'
b'good job student finance is on top of things as per'
b'good job this is from not anyone from smosh.'
b'good job welbeck..'
b'good lab session tonight with di king and'
b'good lord. listening to read from her book was fantastic, sign me up for her " how to kick ass at public readings " class!'
b"good luck in surgery today to my dweeb i'll bring my geometry to the hospital? love you"
b'good luck on the new role at wigan marra, they really needed a boost in the youth department do not they enjoy it mate'
b'good luck trying to murder me. my will to live long enough to delete my browser history and burn the unsent letters to my exes is strong!'
b'good morning already 7am, been here since 6. 13 more hours to go.'
b'good morning everyone! have a great start of the week face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'good morning foggy london town big ben'
b'good morning from a very wet and chilly, but still very beautiful on thika road!'
b'good morning.. having a foggy morning.. i hope today will be better from other day & also me'
b'good morning honeys on my way to school tired as ever! after class going home and going to sleep! feeling it'
b"good morning! hubby at golf today & surprise surprise, it's not raining! maybe he should play more often. lol"
b'good morning i love minseok. i slept at 5am and surprisingly woke up before 12nn this is good yes'
b'good morning! looks to be a little foggy on your way in today, so might want to give yourself a little extra'
b'good morning. nothing like a great morning stretch.'
b'good morning...'
b'good morning twitter.. my phone is on its way home to me! good yay.. it got tired of the rain in vancouver i guess!'
b"good morning! you're waking up to a foggy morning. tells you when the sun will come out & clouds will clear on channel 2 now"
b'good night everyone. dont forget, tomorrow is monday and i have a test that not prepared for. oh, and my phone isnt sending messages'
b'goodnight last day of school before thanksgiving break for me! good \xe2\x9c\x9d\xf0\x9f\xa4\x91 school :'
b'good old days when there were more relationships and less relationship statuses.'
b'good one - give me a form so i can transfer the liability for a fine to my wife. that will work.'
b'good start to my morning (@ samsung philippines mobile center in taguig city )'
b'good start to the day...'
b'good start to the week when your last class of the day gets canceled smiling face with sunglasses'
b'good thing i asked for a caramel apple spice and got a cappuccino. thanks a lot starbucks.'
b'good thing i brought my headphones loudly crying face'
b"good thing i have a doctors appointment in the morning. good thing it's passed 3 am."
b'good thing i have all of my fall clothes in nyc'
b'good thing i have to work till midnight and drive home in a blizzard'
b'good thing i have unlimited texting face with tears of joy'
b'good thing i have work till close tonight'
b'good thing i live on campus expressionless face'
b'good thing i lost my phone and not my virginity. " - ash face with tears of joy'
b'good thing i am judged on my actions and not my thoughts.'
b'good thing i am learning about ohms law and electric fields because i am gonna use that everyday in the health field'
b'good thing i am not afraid of the dark because shonda has left us in it for so long'
b'good thing i am starting my hw early tonight!'
b'good thing i really wanted to go to hc senior year..'
b'good thing i was prepared for the rain. in my white shirt. with my resume paper and laptop in my bag.'
b'good thing my professor emailed the class about our cancelled 9 am...'
b'good things come to those who wait " cough cough i better win meet & greets to jbs concert since i am not at the allstate arena rn'
b'good thing she made these questions up unamused face face with tears of joy'
b'good thing the only numbers i know by heart are and loudly crying face'
b'good thing the sas advisors are so nice and helpful! smile'
b'good thing we didnt have a real summer this year.'
b'good thing we had this assembly because bexley is seriously suffering from drug addiction issues, right?'
b'good thing we really discussed this essay for english tomorrow pouting face'
b'good think i have a whole bunch of homework to do when i get back to my room'
b'good times + crazy friends = amazing memories.'
b'good to be back to the dark side smiling face with horns'
b'good to finish p1 for the day. felt confident in both wet and dry conditions and looking forward to tomorrow!'
b"good to know i have my little bro's support"
b"good to know i wrote about obama's argument for an immigration and very little has been done about it!"
b"good to know kylie's on drugs."
b'good to see clichy and sagna re-united'
b'good to see the new cash out feature does not actually work.'
b'good visit at shader house this am... back at home on couch on a foggy day.'
b'good : no thanks " : be a bxtch having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations " "'
b'good way to end my night'
b'google : " i have everything! " facebook : " i know everybody! " internet : " without me, you\'re all nothing. " electricity : " keep talking, bitches. "'
b'google image results are like a party that starts off exactly how you expected and gets weirder the longer you stay.'
b'google + is the gym of social networking : we all join, but nobody actually uses it.'
b"googling your symptoms when you do not feel well is the most efficient way to convince yourself you're dying."
b'tbh i needed to get up... thank you! just be my alarm clock everyday! winking face face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'gordon brown : passion of his youth combined with wisdom of experience. electrifying and literally awesome.'
b"hahaha! i am going to miss hearing about the yes & no campaigns when it's over"
b'gosh i hate but love him so much. jerk'
b'gosh i just love mondays!'
b'gosh i love school.'
b'gossip girl is not just for girls. guys can enjoy the shit out of it too.'
b'gossip girl taught me two things :1. always dress to kill 2. do not settle for anyone less than chuck bass'
b'got 19/20 in my orr for my chem lab good'
b'got 2 hours of sleep and i think i have strep, oh and i have 8 1/2 hours of clinical today.. happy tuesday.'
b'got a 50 on my first bio exam. it looks like this is gonna be a promising semester.'
b'got a 61 on my test but drake told me to flip the 6 to a 9 so now i got a 91.'
b'got a chemistry midterm tonight and i have not studied yet grinning face with smiling eyes this should be fun'
b"got a half hour of sleep, it's like i am in highschool all over again before i took sleeping meds"
b'got a kick out of a magazine called healthy living following me. as anyone who knows me can attest, i am picture of healthy living.'
b'go talk to ya other hoes " - a girl in love with you'
b'got all the way downtown to realize i left the memory card for my camera in the computer lab. good'
b"got an 85% on my mid-mod algebra exam and i think that's the best grade i've gotten on a test in all my 3 years at llcc"
b'got an email from urban outfitters saying " you\'d be surprised how things have changed " well unless it\'s your prices i am not interested'
b"got at 6 was told it would take 1 hour 44 minutes. i am ok with that. it's 9:14 and they told me the order was canceled. thanks."
b'got class in the morning, i should go to sleep'
b'got cut off from destiny loss last night proper hampered my leveling up. id be like 40 if that has not happened instead of 11.'
b'got fired from bath and body works. apparently coming up behind customers & whispering, " it puts the lotion in the basket, " is frowned upon.'
b'that just happened to me as well good tampa! i was like is it pouring or did j drink more than 2?'
b'good for awkward elevator moment into a killing moment'
b'got home from school so late and have so much homework to do but it was so worth it because the decorations came out awesome american football'
b"got in bed to realise i've only shaved one leg peak"
b'got loads of shit to do'
b'got mad and stormed into my room and now i am blasting one direction so yeah'
b'me to can not wait to graduate 1 more year after this weary face class of 2017 face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'got my ass kicked by this week. s/o to doug martin for his spine injury, you the real mvp.'
b'got my mom her most favorite thing for her birthday. disappointment.'
b"got my phone fixed about a week ago, dropped it once & it's cracked & the backs literally falling off."
b'got noah his favorite snacks at walmart today, and i am fixing him dinner and cheesecake tomorrow night smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"go to college they said. it'll be fun they said..."
b"go to edclv this year with my class or wait till i am 21... it's such a hard decision to make man"
b'got out of the shower and realized i only shaved one leg'
b'got out to shower to realize i shaved one leg but not the other.'
b'got sent home cause i was literally 30 seconds late for work'
b'got some desks moving today to? thanks to for doing the hard work while others work at sea'
b'got some relationship advices from flo, i think i am ready.'
b'gotta admire people who drive with one hand holding on to a mattress tied to the roof.'
b'gotta be realistic'
b'gotta call from " amy " a recording. i gotta free cruse to hawaii.. who believes amy?'
b';-; gotta get up at 4am again. i love the training in the new department but getting up that early blows so much'
b"gotta go the whole weekend with out seeing my boyfriend, it's really gonna suck. i miss him already and he just left. weary face"
b'gotta go to the bank during my lunch break, then go buy rhy (&) khar boots'
b'yeah but you were blasting me on twitter for them so i thought id put that out there face with tears of joy'
b'gotta love 3 hour classes...'
b'gotta love 9 and a half hour days'
b'gotta love a free shift drink every time i work'
b"gotta love a good ol ' transfer case leak right?"
b"gotta love being lied to by your 'buddy '"
b'gotta love being sick.'
b'gotta love being up early on a saturday smiling face with horns'
b'gotta love being up early.'
b'gotta love being wide awake at 4. 45am'
b'gotta love getting drunk dialed'
b'gotta love getting up early on your two days off and doing harder work then normal without bieng paid'
b'gotta love green bay! i am'
b'gotta love having 9 - 6 days'
b'gotta love having a college class where you start the day doing secret handshakes with everybody'
b'gotta love meetings really early in the morning.'
b'gotta love mondays'
b'gotta love mondays...'
b"gotta love my parents' logic expressionless face"
b'gotta love practices where you get yelled at for no reason grinning face'
b'gotta love spending lunch break queuing at the bank'
b'gotta love that ios 8 deletes your photos... pouting face'
b'gotta love the 8am morning class! but i am done for the day now!'
b'gotta love them lies!'
b'gotta love these jerks face with tears of joy'
b'gotta love the smell of a freshly combined skunk'
b'gotta love those turkeys at the hospital'
b'gotta love walking into geometry'
b'gotta love when someone spills the whole bong on your new carpet and your room smells like dirty bong water!'
b'gotta love working till 5 am on a 15 hour shift'
b"gotta study for a quiz tonight, start a lab report and finish a coding assignment tonight. i ain't tryna do any of that tho"
b'gotta take my brother to the cinema today ^__ ^'
b'got the day off on thanksgiving and i am not working black friday until 5:15pm.'
b'got the unfollow from tyler reed really hurt my feelings'
b'got the worst half cold thing where i keep going to sneeze and not sneezing which is so unfair because i love sneezing'
b"got to love doctors! they are late for the appointment then they give you the bum's rush out the door!"
b"got to love getting yelled at for an hour straight because i couldn't get the dive down"
b'got to love homework'
b'got to love it when my sister goes on my instagram and likes randomers pictures.'
b'got to write an essay tomorrow before english. this should be fun'
b'got wet on your way to work/school? could be worse... you could be elliot.'
b'lol nothing good abt mondays - bed was too comfy'
b'grabbing a random kid by the shoulders and screaming, " i am you from the future! "'
b'grab your thunder buddy and say fuck you thunder, you can suck my dick.'
b'need you n jord to come home asap bc no food'
b'grammar is important! capitalization is the difference between helping your uncle jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.'
b"grammar : the difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you're shit."
b"grandma always said kill 'em with kindness... and then strip on live national tv. lol."
b'grandma : do you have a boyfriend? me : not in this economy'
b'grandma : do you want an apple me : no thanks grandma grandma : heres your apple'
b'grandmas smoking weed for the first time. i can not stop laughing.'
b"grandma : you're 17? you're getting old aren't ya! me : grandma you're like 80"
b'granny turned down wine because " i\'ve been drinking too much lately " has had two glasses of wine this week...'
b'gravity got another piece of my ego this morning'
b'grcc want me to be on they dance team lmfao'
b'greaaaaaat! jus wat we need rt " : the drought in the united states is likely to push food up prices in south africa. "'
b'great 4 the spanish guys from netsports luv the mission - make it easier for busy adults to get involved in sports.'
b'great 5 minute conversation with ya... \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x8b'
b'great advice from our friend and survivor on what to expect during a'
b'great article : one comment : capitalism is an economic system in the private sector, not a form of government. by'
b'great attendance for a division title clinching game you should be ashamed. rogers centre would be sold out'
b'great day'
b'just paris, and just for a few days. then on to italy for a few weeks/months.'
b'great direction/editing on that exploded car. the direction of this episode has reset the bar for the show in my opinion.'
b'great double xp weekend right when i have my exam week frikin awsome'
b'great ending to finding carter! pouting cat face'
b'great example of a tornado lookalike. rain shaft made me do a double take in the edit bay.'
b'great extra credit question on a test. how many days have you been alive. can you get it right?'
b'great first day back'
b'great friend you are'
b'great have to drive in this rain smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'great hearing students cheer as they come out of their last exam for the year'
b"great helper when you're trying type in front of the tele..."
b'great. i can not sleep. are you still tweeting people? if you are let me know cause i have a very important question for you'
b'great info on eng writing briefs from bostes at no justification for the addition of troubling (my word ) exam in ext 2 tho'
b"great. it's 1:30 in the morning and i can not sleep and i found the hidden candy stash. why did not you stop me? you saw what was happening."
b'great job opportunity : student exam proctors - 3 week part time assignment in downers grove, il'
b'great interview on right here :'
b'great my fan exploded \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b"great news we've got childs reffing us again on friday..."
b'great night..'
b'great person you are. face with tears of joy'
b"great piece about the coast guard's busy drug mission :"
b'great quote from a client today, " cfos are paranoid while things are good and when things go bad they get busy. "'
b'great she single! clear || disregard'
b'great start to my day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'great time to get sick'
b'great tip! " once you finish decorating, take a photograph to document the display and store the picture with'
b'great tips from the on surviving winter weather on the bike :'
b'great to fill up the chapel for the man whose mind exploded - documentary feature of the london fields film festival'
b'an artist render of the world on friday the 19th in the event of a'
b'great to get new followers today! hoping to hit 100 by friday smile'
b'great to see as busy as ever in the transfer window'
b"great to see arby's doing their bit to tackle obesity in america."
b'great to see this much-needed rain. we could actually end the month with around 2 "... 50% of normal.'
b"great vibe here at we've arrived with the rain and its 60 mins until lift off"
b"great was going christmas shopping this weekend and it's supposed to be pouring rain. flushed face"
b'great way to end the day'
b'great way to find something out through facebook...'
b'great way to start my morning by failing a statistic quiz! good thing we have 3 drop quizzes'
b'great way to start off my morning'
b'great way to start the morning by dumping makeup all over myself!'
b'great weather for practice'
b"great week going. braves most likely eliminated & high stress. it's only just now wednesday."
b"i love how jj watt's comments are being ignored and dalton's response is being talked about more"
b'great year 10 parents evening tonight. proud of all my students. do not forget exam question practice tomorrow'
b'greek and italian literature is actually really interesting and i love it'
b'you had potential to be great but i think you might be a busy'
b'grinding on bo3 this weekend, still thinking about live streaming though cuz i suck dick xd'
b'growing up is stressful as fuck!'
b"growing up sucks because you realize isn't a lot of money"
b'grow the fuck up face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'well then she has no place in politics'
b"it's become stifling to even see these headlines. reminds me of poltergeist where people are sucked into a space of white noise."
b'lol, when will you stop with the propaganda bs, we know your paid by at least try to pretend your on no-ones side'
b'obama was pleased to hear that portion of the baton rouge golf course would be available. he did not want to waste his time.'
b"that's globalisation for you. making the fat cats stinking rich and the poor even poorer than dirt and we feed the monster."
b'why do t you talk about pakistan blast?have you been told to become blind about it.'
b"guess i'll attempt to sleep again"
b"guess i'll be making use of the bay this weekend. i'd have streamed it on spotify, but nooooooo. gonna suck to be adele this time around."
b"guess i'll get knocked up, take off my shoes, and head for the kitchen the way the mens want me to."
b"guess i'll study art appreciation some more & write my ethics papers! oh how fun!"
b'guess i am not the first school governor to bring a robot and a to a schools & careers fair wait, i am?'
b'guess i should pay more attention to the news. i thought it was nasa listening to our calls from outer space.'
b'guess it was a great day to wear sandals'
b"guess who's excited to wake up at 8 am tomorrow"
b"guess who's failing algebra! best day of my life!"
b"guess who's gonna be losing sleep tonight because jimmy kimmel has to come on so late"
b'guest : do you have a bathroom? me : no we just shit on the floor.'
b'forreal? dont play & nothing like a mac lipstick cant fix'
b'just seen this! yeah i met you at my lil stint working for nero \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f i am full of cold, blasting my music and will snooze too'
b'gunna be hard getting up early in the morning when i love my bed so much relieved face'
b'guren : good work today yuu : thanks dad guren :... yuu : i fucked up i fucked up so bad and i am going to hell'
b"gutting that i am working saturday and it's meant to be my day off"
b'guy at the next table is way too excited about the prospect of his ex-girlfriend hurting after their break up'
b'guy i am actually really jealous of your half ton with a 6 inch lift and chrome rims'
b'guys guys guys guess who did not get paid for the 3rd month running? o yes that would be me love working for free what i live for'
b"guys, if she says she's crazy, she's harmless. the real crazy ones never give you a damn clue."
b'guys i have a lab due tonight, a project due monday, and a 2000 word essay due next week and i have not done any of them good college'
b'guys. i made the smoke detector go off and the fire marshal came 30 minutes later'
b'guys, i am literally so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'guys just want a virgin porn star and girls just want a dangerous safe guy.'
b'guys really do enjoy being called daddy face with tears of joy'
b'guys : uses love to get sex. girls : uses sex to get love. me : uses coupons to get pizza.'
b'guys who are 6 ft and over like wow are okay you okay up there god bless'
b'guys with a crip in their step... let me tell you. so sexy'
b"guys, you can not be out here 18 + without a license or without knowing how to drive. that's a no no."
b'guy : talk dirty to me me : the ocean is filled with plastic and sewage and the coral reef will be dead in 20 years because of the filth'
b'wanna go for a fag at 2 before class? i need to chat x'
b'h2t tomorrow got me so nervous smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'hacked by you sister gina, next time you should not leave the computer on, and logged into your twitter account. smile smart you'
b'hacking is like sex. you get in, you get out, and hope that you did not leave something that can be traced back to you.'
b'such a fluke injury. nothing put a love tap from belesky. that same play happens 10 times every shift.'
b'had a crazy ass day at work now i gotta babysit... go to class and then the gymmmm deff gonna pass out when i get home i can not wait'
b'had a dream i listened to the u2 album in my itunes.'
b'had a dream last night where i was searching for something on google. even my subconscious has given up.'
b'had a fire alarm this morning at school on the wet field! unamused face victory hand'
b"had a half hour nap at half 8, now it's 10:45 and i can not get to sleep pensive face loudly crying face"
b'had a nice naptime with today'
b'had a record four shots tonight. i know, i am such a pro.'
b'had a suprise maths test today in finance i was so pleased about that'
b'had a sweet heart to heart on the phone with today...'
b'had a weigh in with all our gear, i am pushing a solid 260 pounds with all my gear on.'
b'had dinner, packed lunch for tomorrow, got an outfit ready, showered and got in bed. wow, adult life is so cool'
b'had fun after school chillin wit tiffy, excuse our ratchet wet hair bcuzz the rain'
b'had insomnia for years. less than 5 hours used to kill me. now 3 -4 hrs a night i can handle, but 2 half hour sleep times yesterday? killer!'
b"i would if i wasn't stuck babysitting"
b'had plans to go to domo party, but i am stuck babysitting unamused face loudly crying face'
b'had such a good day at clinicals today.. i truly love what i do'
b'had such a productive evening'
b"had to go upstairs and hit the neighbor's door with my skateboard to get their pet elephants to stop dancing on the hardwood"
b'had work late and got hoed on plans last night was greatttt!'
b'ha autocorrect at it\'s finest. my mom just meant to send me " i love you " but it came out as " you\'re a disgrace to this family " wait'
b'ha getting pushed into a locker an getting a helmet dropped on is seriously the best.!'
b'ha can not wait to run the living history farms race the morning after this face with tears of joy'
b'hahahaha ha " gordon brown is saying you\'ve got the best of both worlds " scotland have been offered home rule... what a vast difference!'
b'hahahahah saka injections pa and with side effects in menstruation gahd and girls jus wanna hav fun'
b"ha i hate everyone and today sucks. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat everyone please, do not ask me what's wrong all at once."
b'ha i love people who lie, cheat, and who are fake.'
b'ha so surprised in the amount of effort put into that game'
b"ha i love eunha's bio. im gonna change mine to sneeze."
b'ha love being pushed in the middle of your parents arguments and then feelin like complete shit in the end & crying ur eyes out'
b'ha victoria always on her a game. telling derrick " there\'s no question -i\'ll be beating you guys in the first comp! "'
b'ha whoever made this was preaching call me a if you want to'
b"ha wow it's amazing how some seniors can leave after fourth period"
b'ha ha yes - i recognise them all now. the same mob of crooks, thugs and misfits! " :'
b'ha, i have strep throat... cool. good thing my voice is my instrument. unamused face face with medical mask weary face'
b"i hope you're having a great day off! thanks for always making me smile! love ya sista"
b'i knew your dark hair would look so good smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'hairdresser : do you like it? me : yes thank you goes home and cries'
b'hair why rain now. wanna go makan leh. and drop by the uni awhile'
b"hakuna ma'vodka it means no memories for the rest of your night"
b'half way there! turn around back to the docks'
b'great, good luck on the exam'
b'hanging out with dad at work is fantastic'
b'hanging with old friends and having those " remember when we... " moments.'
b'hang out with people who make the best out of every situation!'
b"it's always awesome when i do not know the answer to his homework"
b'no its not really face with tears of joy but i got better things to do than this so have fun'
b"that's not what you told me that one weekend. rain check for next weekend."
b'i am honored, thanks for give me a run for my money this year...'
b"i yelled at moby'moby i love your shit ' in the lassens parking lot. magic happens at that spot man"
b'happened to me today'
b'happiness is a day off work.'
b'happiness is... not having to set the alarm clock for the next day'
b"happiness is realizing you can have as many drinks as you want cause you're not driving"
b'happy 1 year!'
b'happy 21 months together lol'
b'happy 6 months to me \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'happy again'
b'happy bday brynlee can not wait to babysit you & justin bieber! love you crazy girl'
b'happy bday love you and our geometry class winking face cya at lunch girl smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday best friend! geometry would most definitely not be the same without you! love you!'
b'happy birthday hope it was great and throwback to this wonderful project!'
b'happy birthday i have the perfect bday beverage for your cup... milk'
b'happy birthday to me...'
b'happy birthday to my best friend! can not wait to plan class reunions w you for the next few decades'
b"happy birthday to my bff thanks for loving mexican food as much as me & for getting yelled at for bailey's throw. love you bae heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b'happy finals!'
b'happy first day of summer!'
b'happy freaking wednesday to me...'
b'happy friday 13th!!!'
b'happy friday'
b'happy fucking june'
b'happy fucking monday to me!'
b'happy go lucky'
b'happy monday everyone!..'
b'weary face'
b'happy monday'
b'happy pills'
b'happy sad about break because good no classes but nay how do i pack for 10 days'
b'happy summer to me confounded face'
b'happy summer vacay unamused face'
b'happy sunday'
b'happy to be at work \xf0\x9f\x98\x92\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'oh yeah i did see those. i may have to give it a try. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"hardcore jammin ' in the truck today with mom while behind a tractor & seeing all of the confused/irritated drivers enjoying the show. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'hardest thing to answer : describe yourself.'
b'hardly any sleep due to me wanting to be great?'
b'hard not to smile and enjoy this friday mashup'
b'hard working women who love to have fun on the side'
b"thank heavens woman aren't though"
b'bet they were hard at work on it as well'
b'harry potter fans : i wanna go to hogwarts. narnia fans : i wanna go to narnia. hunger games fans : nope i am good.'
b'if i could fly is amazing. thank you for all the hard work. love you xx'
b"you're a talented & great singer, i am sure you're being the same as actor. i support & love you as always. follow me? black heart suit \xe2\x80\x94149, 612"
b'but not really for fun because im being forced too but i dont mind'
b'has a fever : i am ok coughs out lungs : i am ok throat on fire : i am ok is hungry : death, despair and chaos has entered my life'
b'has anybody ever actually gotten salmonella from eating raw cookie dough or are people just trying to stop me from living my life'
b"has anyone else's life been really off lately or is it just me"
b'has anyone seen my bed?'
b'has scotland got any oil? no one really mentions it?!'
b'hate being around oomf and her perfect relationship weary face buuuut in happy for her'
b'hate feeling like this'
b"haters are like crickets. crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can not see them, then right when you walk by them, they're quiet."
b'hate the phrase " drunk words speak a sober mind " drunk me has a completely different agenda than sober me like i do not even really know her'
b'hate when i first meet someone and i am all shy and awkward like this not me i swear just wait'
b'hate when i lose things at school like my pencils and papers and life ambitions'
b'good morning my love i hope you slept well and woke up with a smile ily'
b'have 2 9am starts this year and i am in literally everyday'
b'have 2 test tomorrow. what am i doing? cleaning out my room.'
b'have a geometry test, sports med 2 test, and a spanish test :-)))))))))) love life'
b"have ah jawn come over and do not even attempt to back ya hammer out... cuz the xan got both y'all sleep!"
b'have allergies and love animals? 3 ways to choose a in an allergy'
b'have almost never not been body checked by security at the airport'
b'have an awesome thursday, do not forget to tell people you love them, finish your homework, take a tech break, donate to something, learn'
b'have a nice weekend floral in the rain'
b'have a small test in the morning for a potential job, so everyone plz keep me in your thoughts.'
b'have a test in both my college classes tomorrow and i am 98% not prepared for them. yay.'
b'have been followed by skinnygirlguide & the skinny girl.. have i missed something?! maybe my face looks skinny?'
b'have like no food all day, come home to no food in the house and now i have to go training on an empty stomach... luv it'
b'have no regrets except all those facebook pages you liked back in 2009, regret those'
b"have not been able to sleep, so i've been playing words with friends and angry birds all night. what a thrilling life i lead."
b'have not been to some classes in like 3 weeks but ya mom i love learning of course i work hard do not evn worry'
b'have not even gone to work yet today but i am already looking forward to not being in work 2m'
b'have not felt pure joy in so long until brooks asked me to give him his high school class ring next month loudly crying face'
b'have not had motivation to do homework since the first day of school'
b'have not heard of you in a long time " yeah maybe because you did not text me? asshole'
b"have not seen last week's ep yet & waking early to make doctors app for my jaw so getting some sleeping face enjoy the ep everyone. swanqueen is real!"
b"have the goat's of schedules next semester. 4 classes on t/th, no classes on fridays and only golf on m/w"
b'have to get a stress test when i go see my new endocrinologist which is making me more stressed'
b'have to get blood work done this morning'
b"have to leave for work in 3 hours.. good thing i've gotten plenty of sleep"
b'have to sit in a room by myself for 8 hours and do school work online. yay.'
b'have to try on suits all day for a wedding, fun.'
b'have to wait since i can not ever make decisions... or to plus ahh'
b'have you ever loved someone so much that you wanted to keep them hidden from the world & all to yourself? apparently that is called kidnapping'
b'have you ever met the human version of a period cramp'
b'have you ever been so cool that the only way you know how to park your car is by backing it into a parking spot?'
b'have you ever been so stoned for 5 days straight and then stop and still feel stoned 4 days after stopping.'
b'have you ever got a bill so high you try to put it in the light to see if it would change? " hold up wait a minute " *check bill in the light *'
b'have you ever just stopped and realized that if you had not met a certain person, your entire life would be completely different'
b"have you ever noticed that the texts you're trying to cancel always send faster than regular texts?"
b'have you ever really wanted to ask a question, but you did not because you knew in your heart that you would not be able to handle the answer?'
b'have you ever stalked someone so hard you ended up on their brothers roommates cousins sisters page'
b"have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?"
b'have you heard that today is word toilet day? can not wait for history to flush these outrageous crackpots'
b'have you no shame? because i have plenty extra if you need some.'
b"fuck you bitch you do not know me. i'll be glad when you stfu talking to me \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'having a boyfriend or girlfriend who is also your best friend is the greatest thing in the world.'
b'having a cracking day at work'
b'having a day off after working for ten days straight makes me want to cry of happy'
b'having a discussion about the word clunge with my m. d & manager.. anyone would think where i work is a normal office..'
b'having a driving license without a car is the best'
b'having a girl like me.. im a handful & will get you mad like crazy but theres no one in the world who will love & take care of you like me tho'
b'having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations "'
b'having a guy break down and cry on you is one of the most heart breaking things ever'
b"having a mohawk used to mean you were tough. now it means you're a 3 year-old with annoying parents."
b'having an ex on social media is so annoying. you tweet " i love bacon " and he gonna throw a sub like " only stupid hoes love bacon. "'
b'having an unusual allergies and getting told " oh you will be alright " yeah i\'ll be alright covered in hives unamused face seriously'
b'having chemistry ever day is going to be soo much fun!?'
b'having class from 2:30 -7... such a good time! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'having emotions is ruining my reputation of being a heartless bitch'
b'having fun in english lab'
b"having late night talks about furniture and decor for our first flat... (that we'll hopefully move into within the next year ) weary face"
b"having like 3 friends is all fun and games until they're all busy and you have nothing to do"
b'having long hair is the most annoying and wonderful thing ever'
b'having nobody to cake with'
b'having no classes on fridays is like a breath of fresh air relieved face'
b'having nonstop arguments but we dont care. we love each other. 3'
b'having no power is great... especially when my phones on 15% and i need the dryer to work so i have clothes for work tomorrow..'
b'having one of my favorite things for lunch today. hope my roomie does not change their mind about fixing it. looking forward to it.'
b'having plans sounds like a good idea until you have to put on clothes and leave your house'
b"having sex is like vacuuming ; hopefully it's loud, involves lots of sucking, and it's best if you do it often in every room of the house."
b'having soo much fun doing homework right now -_-'
b'having such a great day'
b'having to be at the school tomorrow at 6:45. good me'
b'having to change a fire alarm thing tonight with my mom is a perfect example of why we need a dad in our house ):'
b'having to google the meaning of at least one word per page of the book i am reading'
b'having to go to college today to enroll for the second time'
b'having to pace back and forth due to the revolving sprinklers'
b'having to wait till next year to re-sit my driving test'
b"having to wear a life jacket in public because you're drowning in all the bitches."
b'hawaii is a great place to live if you hate being eligible for contests.'
b'is so happy right now'
b'wait what class are you in? why do you need to write about titanic?'
b'the sneeze photo cheers boss much love blue heart see you tomorrow!'
b'hbd ugly jonathong! thanks for always being there to piss me off and insult me face with medical mask'
b'and we can all agree that " absolutes " are a reasonable and a sound strategy for living one\'s life.'
b"trying not to get burnt out before i can play with friends. it's super fun though."
b"oh even better then! \xf0\x9f\x98\x91let me know when a game is close and i'll come watch!"
b'headaches are so enjoyable'
b'headed to the dentist for the first time in about 10 years. this should be fun'
b"heading to the south west and surprise surprise it's raining comet"
b'head is still pounding.. work is going to be great'
b'i saw it. frankly seems weak but i really do not care.'
b"he ain't even cute."
b'health club on a hot day, smells something like hell maybe! face with medical mask'
b"health update : doctors say it's not looking too good, my health is really deteriorating. need your love"
b'he always worried bout what i am doing but claim he happy.'
b'heaping pile of dishes for me to look forward to when i get home'
b'heard a song that starts with " i love you like a fat kid loves food "'
b'heard this weekend the reason we do not have rain, because did not put tender out for rain, bcause there is no money left after'
b'hearing my own voice on video makes me want to apologize to every single person ive talked to like im really sorry'
b"hearing noises when you're home alone and just accepting the fact that you're gonna die."
b'hearing people chew is seriously the worst sound in the world'
b'hearing that it snowed makes me want to snowboard so bad.'
b'hearing things thank god for my feet are a bloody - literally - mess'
b'hearing your favorite song on the radio is more exciting than on your ipod.'
b'hear " we are losing sleep " from the stoner-metal band\'s impressive ep.'
b'heart : *beats faster for no apparent reason* me : am i getting anxiety or am i dying'
b'heat not working in my car makes mornings that much more enjoyable'
b'he cares face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"thank you for making my life worth living. i never thought i'd read those words from you. god gone bless ya."
b'he flooded her thoughts every second of everyday. and she did not know how to swim but that was okay.'
b'hehe i figured this out last night i love 360 videos (tip do not move around just use your finger to move around! )'
b'oh we can see the good pouring out of you. face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'he is so cute and dumb i love him'
b"realy getin sick to the back teeth with people saying you're a ur i know what bullying is as i've been bullyed xxx"
b'i am the most excited, i promise, that 40 hour timer is hurting me too xd'
b'hell hath no fury like that of a woman who poured her soul into an 8 paragraph text and your only reply was " ok "'
b'hello darling i am a female business lady from cambridge plus rapper a slapper... can i get a follow back please king smile'
b'hello i only just woke up because timezones suck and i had a big weekend but who wants ama streaming links good'
b"hello is this hp? i'd like to make a return. i ordered a laser jet and you sent me a printer."
b'hello modelling agency? yeah my selfie just got 34 likes i think i am ready to go pro'
b'hello nightmares, i missed you'
b'hello yeah i just woke up and i decided to be productive today so here the fuck i am cleaning my room while eating'
b'hell yeah thats our room that you here that jb blasting out of'
b'he looked like a potato shoved into jeans " an example of songwriting at its finest.'
b"help for so's butt"
b'help im stuck babysitting and im being forced to watch minions this is torture send help'
b'help im stuck babysitting this baby i just wanted to study japanese'
b'helping me with my homework through the phone. youre awesome. kissing face with closed eyes'
b"help me help you help myself help you think you're helping yourself but you're really helping me."
b'help your friends diet by replacing the light in their fridge with an air horn.'
b"yeah now that's a lie"
b'ha well im in bed now!'
b'[*cough*] 13577 continues to look for any additional problems, then she decides to wait for a response from the [cut ]'
b'he older i get the more picky i become about who i allow to come close to me. i am nice & all but i only claim few people as friends.'
b"her :911, what's your emerge - me : someone's wearing crocs! her : sir, that's not an em - me : with a fanny pack! her : i'll send an officer."
b'her body and good looks will not raise children, her mind and intellect will. choose wisely.'
b'her eardrum. then, her foot just happened to get caught in a puddle of thick mud that did not want to --'
b'here i am chilling on my bed and thinking oh no school tomorrow sweet, but oh wait there is school tomorrow fml.'
b'here is to going into the middle of the ocean'
b"here's an allergy pleximony! i love how many different things plexus can help!"
b"here's a nice guy in birmingham threatening us"
b"here's a poem abt my love mingyu is so cute he makes me want to puke but i mean that in a good way what the fuck this is so gay"
b"here's hoping for a good nights sleep."
b'here\'s how lonely i am : i just looked out the living room window and yelled out " i love you! " to a car as it drove past my house.'
b"here's the headline - these southernbaptists jerks wld love to save & have souls condemned to hell be brought here"
b"here's to all the kids who have never found their name on anything in a souvenir store"
b'heres to everyone whose name is never on those cool key chains'
b'heres to everyone whose names arent on those cool little keychains'
b'her : hi, i am jane me : i am christopher, but everyone calls me dick for short. her : how do you get dick from christopher? me : you ask nicely.'
b'her mum looks fresh of the boat'
b'visitor to brighton, much impressed, very wet saturday night that you had come into school and put up the french flag. thanks.'
b'really? i have to take time out of my holiday to sort this? surely in this day and age you should be able to access my info!?'
b'he\'s gay " cool. " she sleeps around " cool. " he\'s a virgin " cool. it isn\'t my business so i do not care'
b'he\'s genuinely threatening. it\'s a nice change from " meanie wants mcguffin to make a laser come out of portal because they are super angry. "'
b"he's got blood poisoning in his arm from an infection. might have to operate, waiting for doc. silly sausage."
b"he's one of those good locker room guys coaches love. just enough talent left to hang around, knows all the plays inside/out"
b'he sounds so fuckikg good my heart is bursting out my my chest fuckf'
b"he's said he had to wait for her to finish class expressionless face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"he's so cool."
b"he's so cute and dumb at the same time but in a such a cute way omg"
b"he's so happy"
b"he's so happy to be here"
b'he was a doctor of law at peking university in the same place waiting for 30 years to wait for his girlfriend back'
b'he will defiantly learn his lesson.'
b'hey " *2 hours later* " hey " no it\'s too late, i do not wanna talk to you anymore.'
b'hey bitch, yeah you. i found your nose. it was in my business again.'
b"hey blockbuster, remember when i said you'd never see that 50 late fee? i win."
b'hey can you please never talk to me again its for a school project'
b'hey come with me to the store. " " no! " " i\'ll buy you something. " " ok'
b'hey working on turning this into a thanks for the honor and challenge a but a 1'
b'hey couples on facebook that share an account, so which one of you got caught having an cheating?'
b"hey dog walkers, technically, that dog can walk on its own. what it can not do is pick up it's own poop. you're just a poop collector."
b"hey excuse me i just want to point something out, there's something on your butt. my eyes"
b'hey, girl at the gym that keeps moving to the opposite corner every time i get on the machine next to you, yes, i feel the chemistry too.'
b'hey girl that makeup is really covering up those hickeys on your neck...'
b'hey google... do you wanna sit next to me during finals?'
b'hey guys! my insta got hacked and i was hoping you could follow me on there follow spree when i hit 200 on there! kissing face with closed eyes kissing face with closed eyes'
b'hey guys stop cluttering up my feed with vines... i am missing out on important news.'
b'hey guys, women prefer the strong, silent type. so next time you go to the gym, try and shut the f *ck up about it.'
b'hey heres a cool concept : treat the people that are important to u... like they r... important to you'
b"hey here's the fun fact of the night from me : i got kicked out of my house and i just burnt my hand and might have to go to the hospital smile"
b'hey " " hey " " how are you " " good you " " good " " what are you doing " " nothing you " " nothing " retweet if you hate convos like this!'
b"hey hi um yes bus drivers? yeah i need to get to class so if you could quit fucking around that'd be super fantastic"
b"hey, how long are you supposed to chase someone after they steal your wallet? cause i am getting tired of running and he's catching up to me."
b'hey, if you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, you can hear the beautiful sound of you shutting the fuck up.'
b'hey i am in school hella rad'
b'hey im sorry i cant hang out, i dont want to'
b'hey, i sure missed my temples and eye sockets stinging this bad because of staring at screens all day doing essays and projects!'
b"hey it's time to get all cocky!"
b'we missed ya! i am glad your week going well! good i am good! super tired and looking forward to the weekend for sure! smile'
b'hey madison. can you please stalk me too? sleepy face'
b'hey mom can i - " no no no no no no \\_ no no no no no no'
b'hey mom, i did really well this semester. in fact, i was thinking about taking all the classes again in the fall'
b'hey mom. " " what?! " " never mind you\'re in a bad mood.'
b'hey nsa, i accidentally deleted an email. can i get you to forward me your copy?'
b'he you and your boy friend got the same hair color, length, frizzy ness awe soo fucking cute raised hand'
b"hey seattle it's raining what a surprise?"
b'hey i added you on i am of not ur average joe like ur ex'
b'hey thanks a lot for providing resolution so quickly. shall recommend you to my friends'
b'hey this might sound corny but you make me so horny'
b'hey how awkward is it that you literally can not give your album away?'
b'i just left school good'
b'hey whiny kids with iphones : when i was your age, i played with a stick.'
b'hey ya know wut really seems to work? running from your problems! smile smile smile'
b"why do they always argue on this show would be 500 times better if they didn't."
b'hi and bye! smile'
b'i count on you to fav mine too \xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x99\x80'
b'i count on you too \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'*hiding under blanket for hours* mom : what are you doing me : avoiding mom : avoiding what me : everything'
b'high 5\'s are a great way to slap people in the face by " accident " smile'
b'*high af in a restaurant* waitress : would you like soup or salad? me : what the f *ck is a super salad?'
b'high key hoping the weather cooperates next week so i can hit the fields with the coldwater fam'
b'highlight from : " that people still say\'metrosexual \' may be the biggest surprise " in'
b"highly upset that my tartelette2 came all broken smh well looks like i'll be calling tomorrow"
b'high school : did you study last night? nah what did you get? 100 college : did you study last night? for 11 hours what did you get? a 48'
b'high school has made me realize that you only need one best friend and like three close friends, because you realize how fake everyone is'
b'high school musical was my favorite thing as a child like who doesnt love to pop and lock and jam and break'
b'high school sports ; moments of pure joy. click to hear interview :'
b'hi " " hey " " are you awake? " " no, i taught myself how to text in my sleep.'
b'hi, i am a girl. i run from guys that want to make me happy and fight for the ones that make me cry. basically.'
b'hi i am justin bieber i think im black and have for real swag but i post pictures of myself with no shirt for votes and idk. oh.'
b'hi john, thanks for bringing this to my attention! your account has now been canceled.'
b"people upset with a dressed up mom feeding her child before going on a well-deserved night out? are we living in the 50's? smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'hilarious how i can not wake up monday to friday, but on weekends have insomnia so bad i can hear an ant cough in the back yard.'
b': " if only it were that easy unamused face'
b'hilarious prank : create a system where people pay thousands of dollars to go to college, to get a job, to pay for having gone to college.'
b'smile hi laundry. ily. your house is awesome. we gotta hang out more. everytime i go to the park im always with you.'
b'always begging for money. it is always about how much money she can get.'
b'and still no tax returns, looks like he has less to hide with physical health than with financial health'
b'crawl back in your hole and cough up another hair ball.. you disgust me'
b'- crooked hillary is actually busy tweeting nonsense between naps'
b'cum on baby fuck bill i will eat the shit outta ur ass'
b'do not be fake crooked hillary you do not give a f about black people!!!!!'
b'do not care about his taxes or color of shorts. your health on the other hand is a concern.'
b"dt'campaign thrives on a reality the does not exist ur campaign must make this clear to the american people."
b'this country has been going down for the last 8 years! we need change or our kids will not have a future. vote trump!'
b'world focus is on this election sit (hillerys)that ti record of world womans ress get it'
b'yes the ones who give her money to work on those issues. not the ones we as americans need'
b'get off my twitter feed you old hage. go to a nursing home. or better yet a jail cell you fucking criminal.'
b'getting a blow job while your wife and kid are in the next room...'
b'go back to sleep like you did with benghazi. let the h be silent now as it was when americans were murdered.'
b"grow the middle class you've never done that neither has barack obama those are just words to get someone's attention"
b"hale no i ain't voting for either of you, also i am not old enough lol xdddddd vote vader lol i love joking around"
b'hillay, you do not mean that and we know it. i better be nice to you, you might have me killed if elected'
b'he just wants to live rent-free in your head and your campaign, like obama did with his birth certificate and hidden records'
b'hillary as sick as you appear to be with that cough, this lady will likely out live you.'
b'hillary is responsible for many many deaths and there is no room in my heart for empathy for her. she is pure evil'
b'how bout a list of all the businesses that paid to play with the clintons? silly me that would take up too much paper..'
b'how can you be proud of a liar cheat and killer'
b'how fixing this day light saving time bs fix to a set time for ever please'
b"how many women have the clinton's abused? so many that we can not even count"
b'i am closing my business to go and help my people. maybe they will kill me and kill my animals? either way,i will fight! stop'
b'if hillary becomes president, i am moving to benghazi, at least i know i will not be bothered there'
b'if you get elected you can pay off the debt by garnishing the checks of men who call women bitches and hoes on social media.'
b'i love these propaganda videos. makes me wanna hate the us government even more.'
b'i love this i can not wait to be part of your history'
b"i might listen 2 you when you are for americans as much as ur 4 illegals aliens n terrorist. but you aren't. so i wont hear u."
b'in november we will not have to imagine it! it will be a reality'
b"isn't healthy enough to be her goons are trying to strong arm the media into not speaking of it."
b'is this supposed to be " profound "? and what is up with your goofy eyes?'
b"it's ok for blacks to say they are all persecuted... but not ok for to agree?"
b'it was your people who bowed and gave them 400m + to act this way.'
b'i would give it back to the people it was originally stolen from and let people spend it as they see fit.'
b'keep ur head up girl. when the devil tries 2 destroy u, then god will lift you up. you have had 2 overcome many tough hurdles.'
b'kill ur self. you are a liar and a killer'
b'lied lost national security info lied left americans to die lied armed isis lied... oh wait, that was you'
b'lies you cant hide from the words that are written in the emails, your day is coming, and dems cant do anything about it.'
b'like you for example who created no child left behind while every state has pulled major funding from every public school'
b'loses 12 pts in 10 days in the polls. maybe she should hold a press conference to talk about it.'
b'made her share of gold star families already. we do not need her making any more.'
b'make sure to get all those illegal immigrants too so you actually have a chance'
b'maybe you can invite the shooter to your next rally. i am sure the other 60 people would be more than welcoming.'
b'most people do not even know what i pull pack operator is let alone drive one how are we not a skill job makin over 20 a hr?'
b'most people do not have blood on their hands. you do'
b'neither of you. i would never trust either of you.'
b'not allowed tweet not allowed to gmail not allowed to ok. ru not allowed to skype not allowed to whatsup not allowed to viber'
b'no their watching you hillary and learning lying is ok.'
b"oh btw make sure your a usc otherwise your breaking the law but that's nothing new for the clintons!"
b'oh do not you worry. america wants you out of politics. we will all vote 4 trump. & i wld not assume the blk & latino vote'
b"on a scale of 1 to 10 just how stupid do you think american's are?1 is crayon eating dumb and 10 is dumb enough to trust you"
b'over a hundred crowners some places - thats more than 10 dollars! anyway - hope the debate goes well for you.'
b'personally i would like to see you getting a prison laundry workers wages.'
b'i need you to resign i need you to go to jail i am talking, tell everyone what a criminal you are'
b"maybe her message is to teach that it's okay to stay married to an unfaithful partner"
b"voting for you because you're a woman is the same as drinking bleach because it looks like water..."
b'you take naps. he run 20 hour days 6 days a week. your message is one of corruption. good thing to teach children'
b'like get your molester off the charges, or ruin your life for telling the truth about my husband'
b'are you the same scumbag you were 40 years ago. oh i guess so rape a woman hillary will laugh about getting you off.'
b'said the bitch who pays women working for her, less than the men working for men.'
b'she got screwed her life will b full of minipulation from hillary. the legos is a slamming deal...'
b"she's a maniac, maniac on the floor and she's dancing like she's never danced before"
b'simple we know you are a lying criminal who only seeks for self. america needs a leader, not you.'
b"so let's give the button to a brain-damaged drunk whose eyes point in different directions! that makes sense!"
b'so she says she will create millions of jobs and why she has not done it in the las 8 years i tell you because is a lie'
b'stop with the bs hallmark cards. america first + security + jobs = you are not running for pta president.'
b'take this down add music then put it back up \xf0\x9f\x91\x8c\xf0\x9f\x91\x8c'
b"that's why we think about benghazi. you can remember that can not you? we do not need you doing that again on a bigger scale."
b'the fbi also seems to be breaking with tradition and is taking a better look at you email case...'
b'the first female president of america! that would be another monumental feat for us americans in just 8 years.'
b'the thought of you in the white house scares me to death.'
b'the tragic part is you could be the next pres'
b'the us continues to get away with more of their crimes. if i have to place you and your rats in jail for life myself i will.'
b'thought america was being ruled by a kenyan muslim until don the con said he was american. our kids must be confused.'
b"too bad you're not moved enough to drop out."
b'trump only has a billion dollars. the us government has trillions. how can we know he will not give government contracts to him'
b'you need to remind people of ur intention to raise taxes everywhere especially rich.'
b"wants a normal election because she's been checking the boxes since senate. the ppl do not want normal, need drastic change."
b'was going to invite all the people screwed over to the but there were not enough seats available.'
b'" we can not trust the american people to make these types of choices. the government has to make choices for them " -hrc'
b"we've read the emails & your crimes are worse of any i've seen! i would not vote for you if you offered me a million dollars!"
b'what part is inaccurate or misleading... their status has stayed unchanged in fact worse. nobody wants hand outs'
b'where do you fall on the curve of presidents who are considered honest and trustworthy?'
b'who allows prime time spot light on a guys father who killed lots of people. we want coverage for days nonstop on this'
b'why is it inner-city leaders are vastly democrat? would it be that people like someone that does not try to stop the violence'
b'why is it when you accuse anyone of anything, it could be turned around about you. could it be because you are corrupt?'
b"win or lose, to be part of an era that 1 day i'll be able 2 show my w/my future grandkids.#imwithyou"
b'yeah unlike you who did nothing and let our people die on the ground'
b'yes... definitely a lot of hat for a guy with such a swollen head'
b'yes & people that let soldiers die, take money from countries that openly kill gays etc, shouldnt be able to run for potus.'
b'you and the word justice in the same sentence is laughable! lol'
b'you are so pathetic like you really care about children dont you sell kids for sex? disgusting woman you roll w pedophiles'
b"you can either look tough by swinging a big ol ' war boner around, or pretend to have feelings. you do not get to do both."
b"you lie about everything.. how's your blood clots? trump! not obama ways for 4 more years while your on blood thinners."
b"you owe jail time for all the horrible things you've done"
b'you refused to divorce bill for cheating because you needed his coat tails to ride on the political train!'
b'your presidency would only help me wanting to end my own life just so i can avoid seeing you burn down our great country!!'
b'you should consult a doctor for your obvious mental health issues'
b'you were so grief-stricken you needed to be dragged into your vehicle. oh wait that was the 78 degrees.'
b"hi republicans, thanks for voting against mine and other women's right to equal pay. totes appreciate it."
b'his awkward cough and the " oooohhh stop " i cant wait to watch this'
b'his face! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'his hair looks like a poodle that got caught in the rain " -my mom on the weekend'
b"hi sir, yeah yes you blasting country music outside my window right now we're about to have a chat"
b'aye witness claims before a a bomb exploded the bomber yelled " god is great "'
b"hi someone tell me why first years think it's acceptable to set the fire alarm off when its raining"
b'his phone keeps going off, more like his wife keeps walking in when he texts me'
b"i did it last night. i am not really anon though face with tears of joy but it's really fun just to know fun facts i guess"
b'history exam in 50 years : what were the causes of the miley rebellion?'
b"you can definitely take the credit for what's inside though, can not wait to read it!"
b'his wife was out of town, so he did something awesome to their laundry room'
b'hit 27k tonight relieved face i am behind but i am hoping to be at 30k by tomorrow'
b'holds nothing back on the holiday special!'
b'hit the 50 followers mark. set the goal and reached. many more to come. hoping to launch my youtube channel next week. thanks everyone!'
b'hitting the exit button on a moving pop up is my version of hunting.'
b"hitting your hip on a corner and feeling like you've been shot."
b"hiv does not equal death. i've been poz since i was 19, my doctor says i'll live to 70. 34, got 36 more years to wait to die"
b'but when you do.. you wold come home to no food n you would have to make it..'
b'hmm, four and a half hour sleep has still not shifted my headache/ sinus-grate. confused face'
b'hmm love being second choice'
b'hmmm. i really like how you treat me..'
b'hmmm you care'
b'hmm what to work on today... i hi or ee? they both sound like oh so much fun!'
b'hmm ya i just love hearing something about myself that i didnt even fucking know smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hmm you could literally be unwrapped how fun'
b'you can even operate without a license.'
b'not everyone is as good as you at their job'
b'no you have fun'
b'he just found out just a bit ago what time the surgery was. nothing like last minute info.'
b'hockey gear smells the greatest on a hot day'
b'hoes be like " hoes be like " but they be the hoes that be like.'
b'hola i can not wait until tommorow i get to goto hannaford :):):):):):):):) with my friends in my class!'
b'holidays, hotels and women. three things that always look better online than in real life.'
b'holidays w/o certain family member not really fun to me'
b'well then'
b"already have my tickets : theatre and airplane. this time it's all the gelbergs."
b'holy crap i look great...'
b'holy fuck am i ever in a bad mood.. ha today will be great'
b'holy hannah. this week is going to be just great.'
b'math is hit and miss for me. as for proofs that was the only thing i liked in geometry. i love it to death!'
b'holy shit holy shit i was hoping he would do that but holy shit'
b'home alone expectation : big party! reality : peeing with the door open'
b'home for literally 2 minutes and i get kicked in the face with a football. i can not feel my nose or lips.'
b'home is where i can look ugly and enjoy it.'
b'home is where the bag filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags is.'
b'homeless logic : why live in a dollar home, when i can live under a million dollar bridge?'
b'homeless man with a lisp was preaching about " wife, wiberty, and the purswoot of happy pants " this morning on the subway.'
b"home sick with nevy. ah the joys of being a single parent. it's not like i have bills to pay or anything"
b'home sweet home'
b'i was supposed to be but i am stuck babysitting loudly crying face'
b'homework : a classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a test : f final grade : f'
b'homework and a headache is a lovely mix'
b'homework and chill cause you cute but i still gotta get good grades'
b'homework homewor homewo homew home hom ho how how a how ab how abo how abou how about how about n how about no'
b'homework is so fun!'
b'homework :l'
b'homework no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no'
b'homework over thanksgiving break awesome'
b"oh but she has her girls ' interests at heart"
b'honestly all i want in life is a good body and some friends'
b'honestly can not wait to film the documentary for my video production class'
b'honestly ignoring me is the worst thing you can do to me.'
b'honestly, i love thursdays because does not have any classes thursday evenings or friday, so we always hang out weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"honestly i am glad asher ran her over, she's such an annoying bitch that talks too much"
b"honestly, i am good at maths, and when i read about the things we're doing it's crystal clear - when she explains it's foggy ad\xc3\xa4f"
b'honestly like a date could be for me, the point of a date is to enjoy each others company not having fancy things to show off'
b'honestly, sometimes you just gotta take a deep breath and say fuck it.'
b'honestly yall are missing so much if you dont listen to halsey.. she is love she is life'
b'honestly you should feel special if i hate you, i view most people with indifference.'
b'well the writers would obvs make him somewhat upset cause he liked her as a human'
b'i always end up liking people more than they like me'
b"short i've only been awake since 4:30pm ha seriously though i am so delighted to know you guys met"
b'hooker told me she will do anything for 20 bucks. guess who got his house painted?'
b'hooray for being late to class and stuck in traffic! pouting face'
b'hooray for going to pa in the middle of the week'
b'hopefully just 4 more years to wait till rwc \xf0\x9f\x87\xaf\xf0\x9f\x87\xb5\xf0\x9f\x87\xaf\xf0\x9f\x87\xb5, when we can lift again. great stuff'
b'hope i do not have classes on fridays again second semester'
b'hope it do not rain.. normally when i curl or flat iron my hair it rains n i look like a poof ball'
b'hope the docs wrong ". likely to happen with modern medicine and the fact that it takes like 8 yrs to become a doctor...'
b'hope the lovely freshers have settled in well i still remember my first funky wednesday'
b'hoping and praying this typhoon does not hit us'
b"hoping for a mark on the hit board right next to'vengeance ' tomorrow face with stuck out tongue"
b'hoping i hit the lottery before christmas'
b'hoping my dad will let me hit this double header barrel race on saturday'
b'hoping my foid card comes in sooner than later.. want to hit up the range! \xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf'
b'hoping one of these jobs hit my line soon'
b'hoping that getting hit in the face by this child does not cause a bruise'
b'hoping that in my 7:30 class i will just hit my head one to many times on the desk and get excused for my head bleeding'
b'hoping to hit 100 subs one day smile'
b'hoping to hit the big 50k this weekend! only 7 thousand words left...'
b'hoping you get hit by an airplane *'
b"good afternoon kim, did not expect to be cycling in the rain today! hope you've been enjoying your day off \xf0\x9f\x98\x8axx"
b'hot 420 chick (photo ) - or'
b'hot chocolate and nerd love on my day off. i can dig it.'
b'hot day in melbourne. tram is packed to capacity and starting to smell like underpants.'
b'hott picture of my & the bff, it will prob get like a million favorites & retweets smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'hour after practice and i still want to throw up'
b'houston girls love the way it goes down'
b'how about a ceiling fan with brakes so i do not have to stand there for 10 seconds wondering if i actually turned it off.'
b'how about a restaurant where the minute you walk in you lose cell service and your camera app is disabled we\'ll call it " enjoy your lives "'
b'how am i even stuck babysitting two 15 year old boys ffs'
b'how am i expected to make real life decisions when i still turn off the lights and then sprint to my bed so monsters don \xc2\x92t get me'
b'how am i supposed to control my life, i can not even control my hair'
b'how am i supposed to focus on studying for this test when i can only think about picking up my puppy tonight'
b'how am i supposed to go to school, do homework, study, stay in shape, be social, help out at home, and get 8 + hours of sleep at night?'
b'how am i supposed to have a lit summer with 50'
b'how am i supposed to lose weight when the best part about life is food?'
b'how am i supposed to make life choices i still count using my fingers and i still sing the whole alphabet to see what letter comes next.'
b"how annoying is it when you know someone's a nasty person but they act all nice and nobody else sees it omg"
b'how are you gonna text me for discount if i am not even working right now? & we have not even talked in such a long time?'
b'how can anyone sleep without a fan on'
b'how can he be dry humping the bench like that dvffhgbbbghhbghjjghgfjh'
b'how can i act normal when you can not even define it?'
b'how can i just have clear skin all the damn time \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad'
b'how can i not have a great week when i am doing nothing all week'
b'how can i play hard to get when im already hard to want'
b'how can you appreciate words so genuine?'
b'how can you love the zebra print?!'
b"how can you 'love ' somebody that you've never met? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy have a day off! people throw the love word around way to much nowadays raised hand just stop"
b'how can you say you won an argument with your love partner? you might have just won their resentment.'
b'how charming... unamused face'
b'how come people who think they know everything never seem to know when to shut up?'
b"how come when a girl has sex with everyone she's a slut but when a guy has sex with everyone he's my boyfriend"
b'how cool is it that one day you might have little people running around your house that are half you and half the person you love'
b'how cool is it that the same god that created mountains & oceans & galaxies & puppies looked at you & thought the world needed one of you too'
b"how cool! we've got 12 years to wait for that - ours demanding peekaboo at same time as"
b'how could anyone think one direction is not coming back. they have so much fun on stage this is in their blood'
b'how dare that guy ask for more time when you already took 4 months. looks like your network team is busy playing'
b"how dare you ignore me after i've made 0 attempts at talking to you."
b'how depressed are you on a scale from 1 to " regularly visits song lyrics websites? "'
b"how did i miss my son's first aaa bantam goal cool"
b"how did rihanna find out chris brown was cheating on her? she found another women's lipstick on his knuckles."
b"how does someone get tired of being with their gf/bf everyday? i wish i was with my man everyday, he's like my best friend."
b'how do i drop out of college and still get a degree?\xc2\xbf\xc2\xbf'
b'how do i gently tell people that i do not want to speak to their babies on the phone ever again?'
b'how do i get rid of emotions i dont want them anymore'
b'how do i get rid of my acne in 2 minutes help'
b'how do i go about returning a ps4 that i canceled, yet have still received. thanks'
b'how do i look? " friend : " you look fine. " good friend : " you look really pretty. " best friend : " you look horrible'
b'how do i tell my boss i do not want to do work anymore but still want money'
b'how do i tell someone i do not care without sounding like i do not care'
b'how do people approach celebrities on the street like i can not even approach a worker in a store when i need help'
b"how do people approach their crush i do not even have the guts to ask for an extra ketchup in mcdonald's."
b'how do people even deal with stress because all i do is lie on the floor in a fetal position and cry'
b'how do people even fucking sleep with night lights oh god my room needs to be as dark as my soul'
b'how do ppl my age have kids? my mom still picks out my outfits, my dad does my homework, i love story time & being rocked... i do not get it'
b'how do they put the " do not walk on the grass " signs up?'
b'how do you get clear skin overnight. asking for a friend'
b'how do you expect me to do a homework assignment that requires a computer do you know what happens when i get near a computer this happens'
b'how do you get in touch with the models in the pictures that come with the frame? i have an out of control, elaborate lie i need help with.'
b'how do you make your gf scream while having sex? you call her.'
b'how do you tell someone nicely that they are fucking annoying and should fuck off'
b"how frustrating is it when you're like the only person who can see how evil and sneaky someone is and everyone else is like blind to it"
b'how good i look when i wake up look like i just got hit by a bus.'
b'how have you prepared for the evergreen learning experience?... -might be one of the hardest questions to answer...'
b'how i felt today weary face crying face'
b'how i get stuck babysitting my mom owe me'
b'how i look when i wake up confused face face with tears of joy'
b'how i love it when people do not text back smiling face with heart shaped eyes unamused face'
b'how is it i do not go to school and all the dumb ass rumors start. fuck you!'
b'how is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?'
b'how is it vacation when i am stuck babysitting?'
b'how i stop making myself feel like shit 100% of the time'
b'how i use my phone :50% to check the internet 20% to text 15% to take photos 10% check the time 5% to actually call'
b'how literally i feel about sweet tea loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'how long do i let someone clear their throat before i reach in and do it myself?'
b'how long do you have to be on weight watchers before you can sing like jennifer hudson?'
b'how loud do i need to sigh before you\'ll ask me what\'s wrong so i can say " nothing " - my gf'
b'how lovely'
b"how many days in a row do you have to wear the same clothes until you're legally a cartoon?"
b'how many men and women meet and move on, never knowing they walk away from the love of their life? mere ships that pass in the night'
b'how many nice guys does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they just compliment it, then get angry when it will not screw.'
b'how many times do i have to say " excuse me " before " get the fu *k out of my way " becomes acceptable?'
b'how many white girls does it take to screw in a light bulb? answer : \xe2\x88\x9e'
b'how much furniture can you move! got kept up last night cuz of it got a migraine tonight and all i can hear is bang & crapping of furniture'
b'how much of this " no more tears " shampoo do i have to feed this baby to get it to stop crying?'
b'how old were you when you found out your parents were using santa claus as a behavior-modification tool?'
b'how\'s my girl? " this 3 word sentence could make any girls day in. 2 seconds'
b'how\'s scho -- " how was ur divorce? see what it feels like when people bring up shit you not tryna think about when ur relaxing w/ family?'
b'how\'s senior year? " it\'s great! i just sometimes forget/too busy to sleep & eat & am so stressed that i have headaches and cry lots lol smile'
b'how\'s ur life going? " " well i shaved one leg last night " that should explain exactly how my life\'s going rn face with tears of joy face with medical mask'
b'how the fuck am i supposed to make life decisions? i am not even sure i want to be alive.'
b'how the hell did i get stuck babysitting after being in fort wayne for 10 minutes?! i got here at 12:30pm, and i am still babysitting! weary face weary face weary face'
b'how the toilet sounds during the day : *flush* how the toilet sounds at night when everyone is asleep : roaaaarrr!'
b'how to be a good person :1. listen to everything they say on fox news. 2. do the exact opposite.'
b'how to be the jerk women love - 2nd ed.'
b'how to break up with someone :you : your ex is attractive. partner : which one?. you : me, bye'
b'how to do math homework :1) open math book 2) cry 3) close math book'
b'how to eat french fries :1) eat all the good ones 2) leave the yucky ones and feel superior 3) wait 5 minutes 4) eat all the yucky ones'
b'how to find the name of the song : google as many as the words as you remember, and hope the best.'
b'how to get a hot body : - preheat oven to 425 \xc2\xb0 f - get in oven'
b'how to get a woman mad in 2 easy steps :1. take a picture of her. 2. do not show it to her.'
b'how to get out the friendzone : " so we are gonna fuck or do you wanna lose your best friend? "'
b'how to get rich :1. steal a baby and return it to the police station for the reward. 2. repeat 3 -4 times a day.'
b'how to have a flat stomach : \xe3\x83\xbbremove all of your organs'
b'how to have the perfect relationship : a failsafe formula'
b'how to live as me : exam tomorrow? me : have to study mind : i have this great idea for the next chapter of your story and this brand new plot'
b'how to lose weight : turn your head to the left, and then turn it to the right. repeat this exercise whenever offered food.'
b'how to play the sims : make family build house quit'
b'how to seduce me : deposit 6000 dollars in my bank account dont talk to me'
b'how to smell good : workout hard with a spray tan.'
b"how to tell if a woman is mad at you :1. she's quiet 2. she's yelling3. she acts the same4. she acts different5. she murdered you"
b'how to tie the strongest knot ever :1) put some headphones in your pocket 2) wait one minute'
b'how you love shallow people who think their better than everyone else'
b'how weird are people who wake up before their alarm and do not get excited by more sleep?'
b"how y'all 17, 18, 19, 20 + and can not sit down and have a serious conversation about your feelings with the person you date or talk to?"
b'how yall talk but not together legit'
b'how you can tell if someone likes you :1. they dont'
b'how you gone want a hood nigga but once that nigga get caught up with some be quick to give up info.'
b'how you gonna come home w no food \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95'
b'how you wait till you senior year in highschool to drop out you damn near done dummy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'hq woke me up! hope you are all enjoying'
b'hr made me remove my cardboard " will work for fools " sign from my desk.'
b'glad this mouthy bitch is dead'
b"but the white people still love him and so have i said the weeknd talented i just can not listen to that nigga it's simple"
b': abstinence -only sex ed dominates in state with highest teen pregnancy " seems to be working'
b'bill and hillary clinton are the best example we have of pure white fucking trash'
b'*eye roll* - the space is full of oxygen coz the astronauts breathes during their stay in space'
b"if he's a drug dealer where is his grow op? what kind of drugs is he selling? can i get in on this?"
b'imagine my surprise when i found that a black person from this junk media site wrote another anti white article.'
b"it makes sense she's not the brightest. they have a lot in common"
b"its his name. he can not help what he is. just totally scandalous to send sex pics to an adult, but only if you're a politician"
b"and will again no doubt but this time it will be hilary's birth place"
b'so while they had the chance did they check to her brain was connected to the rest of her body'
b'they have a right to support who they wish, i however, will be no longer funding them via purchase.'
b'smiling face with horns i was looking back at trump and holy jesus.'
b'yep he lie lie lie omg he gets the biggest liar award trophy'
b'huge thankyou to for helpin me with arianna while i go to school &clinicals. i do not know what i would do without him. love you'
b'hug your haters and kill them with your kindness. "'
b'human brain : forgets what we want to remember &amp ; remembers what we want to forget.'
b"it's not it's cool. so glad lied 2 work to get that day off i wasn't missing another gig for working thursdays"
b"human's are so naive and dumb it's almost cute."
b"humans put a lot of things in their mouth. even things that aren't theirs."
b'hungry... but im avoiding my sister and i heard her sneeze smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'she would give a fake upset face. " well your no fun. "'
b"we've got so many awesome ideas, why would not they listen to us!"
b'i usually hate math but i love geometry! but aww i love you'
b'woke up to pee so yeah i need to.. love you have a great day today bye'
b'hypocrite obama decides to send troops against ebola, not isis surprised. my boy shapiro does it again!'
b'i absolutely love getting overdraft statements in the mail'
b'i absolutely love not having classes on fridays'
b'i absolutely love not wearing makeup, until i realize how disgusting i look and i cry a bit inside'
b"i absolutely love these from hip homeschooling! used them with laynie just this past week, and they're saved to"
b'i absolutely love third wheeling.'
b'i absolutely love walking behind smokers...'
b"i absolutely love watching a client's energy shift from being totally blocked to realizing new possibilities. so"
b'i accidentally messed up my life how do i start a new account?'
b'i accidentally only shaved one leg, life goes on though amiright'
b'i accidentally said hi to a feminist the other day my court case starts tomorrow'
b'i accidentally typed smile instead of smile and now she thinks i want to fuck'
b'i actually can not wait to eventually cough up both of my lungs bc i am irritated and done with coughing?'
b'i actually just got about 3 hours of sleep.'
b'i actually like being up early i just do not like waking up early assalamualaikum & salam subuh to all my love'
b'i actually love being up early on days i do not have school'
b'i actually love going to school on fridays because no scrubs and the cool tunes they play in between classes'
b"i actually love it when white ppl speak about poc issues as long as they do not forget that they're just as privileged as the non-woke whites"
b"i actually really do like cleaning? like idk you got something to focus on, it's stress relieving and you end up with a spotless room lol"
b'i added a video to a playlist thanks for the memories oc mep [canceled ]'
b"i admit, i really miss how things used to be. but i can also admit, that i've accepted the fact that things have changed."
b': every girl loves being hugged like this " smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b"i ain't got the balls for that shit no lie. call me a bitch ass nigga but yeah i couldn't."
b"i ain't sayin she's a gold digger, but she ain't messing with no broke white guy who's afraid to finish the rest of this lyric."
b"i ain't the type to talk behind a nigga back then smile in his not"
b'i almost burnt my hair today so that was fun'
b'i almost cried tears of joy when my parents said i did not have to go to school tomorrow'
b'i almost miss those days... rt " : studied for 30 seconds im gonna rock this fuckin test "'
b"i already freaking put make up on and plans got canceled... i guess i'll just study now thanks mom! for canceling! thanks mom!"
b'i also have no one to follow because nobody uses twitter but i love tweeting about my boring life'
b"i also love zachary levi's argument that people post selfies for other people's validation b/c i do it b/c no one's here to take the pic."
b'i also realized that the great people in my life have gone under appreciated because i was too busy focusing on the wrong people'
b'i always care more about people than what they care about me worry'
b'i always change my mind about everything except the password i have been using since i was 10'
b'i always do my hair & it rain the next day'
b'i always end up laughing when i pretend to be asleep.'
b'i always end up liking people more than they like me worry'
b'i always enjoy doctor appointments'
b"i always enjoy it when i am having trouble navigating a women's clothing store because of the men hanging around in there."
b"i always forget guys have armpit hair so when they lift their arms up it always scares me it's like bam welcome to the jungle"
b'i always forget how much it sucks to live in a country where everyone is provided education for free.'
b'i always forget that days after christmas exist? like it goes 24th 25th 1st'
b'i always forget that i am lactose intolerant after i eat something with dairy like this is a recent discovery of my allergy and i love cheese'
b'i always get excited for a new week to start so i can go to the elementary school again sun with face'
b'i always get so awkward when people compliment me like wow thanks god bless you'
b"i always get so motivated to eat healthy and workout everyday but then someone mentions pizza or tacos and it's all over"
b'i always get stuck babysitting'
b'i always get stuck babysitting when i have plans'
b'i always have my best ideas when i am drunk. but i always forget them when i pass out.'
b"i always have the most f 'ed up dreams flushed face"
b'i always have to contain my grin of absolute joy when my boss tells me i can finish now. yes, yes i can smile'
b'i always know its gonna be a good day when i wake up late and literally have 10 minutes to get ready'
b'i always lay in bed and forget to shut my light out. then lay there for a good half hour contemplating to sleep with lights on or get up expressionless face'
b'i always make sure any plane i get on does not contain too many attractive people so i know i am not in lost.'
b'i always open a text and mentally respond, but actually forget to respond'
b'i always say " i hate you " or " you\'re annoying " to the people i actually like.. you just gotta understand my love lmao'
b'i always say i am going to go to bed early, but it never happens.'
b'i always try to behave but there are usually too many other options'
b"i always wince when someone tells me they're going to hit the sack."
b"i always wondered why w is called double u, when it's clearly double v."
b"i always write 'wake up ' on my to -do -list so i can at least accomplish one thing a day."
b'i am 0% the person i was three years ago and i would probably get in a fight with 2011 me'
b'i am absolutely trying to fit in!'
b'i am actually really excited for my classes next semester good'
b'i am a firm believer that people who are meant to be in your life will come back no matter how far they may wander.'
b'want justice i have joined twitter coz of you n you have no time for me fair'
b'i am a is but i am if i make a do not blame but blame'
b'i am constantly making the decision between being a good person or being a sarcastic asshole.'
b'i am covered in hives & my palms are swollen... happy birthday to me... birthday cake'
b'i am covered in hives'
b'i am currently covered neck to toe in hives and have already taken 2 benedryl. i will not be home until 10:30 tonight... what have i done?!'
b'i am dyyying. something new goes down on my tl everyday man i fuckin love twitter. and my timeline &gt ;&gt ;'
b'i am excited i will be off school for a week. good grinning face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am fairly certain our upstairs neighbors are elephants'
b'i am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly because i like you'
b'i am having a great day since i got to skip first class because it was homework help then i got a ride to school 3 this day is awesome 3'
b"your segment last night directed a trump is trending on facebook right now. i think he'll definitely see it lol"
b"i wish they all stayed an extra 2 -3 years. but unfortunately that's not happening. as for position, love guys who do not have one"
b'i am literally so sarcastic all the time that when i use the tag even i dont know how to feel'
b'i am literally the biggest creep there is loudly crying face'
b'i am literally the worlds all time best bser on essays. just finished an entire ethnography in less than 3 hours.'
b'i am living for my frnds.. for you :*'
b'hey your station popped up first on my pandora this morning... good way to start a foggy thursday! have a grrreat day'
b'i am a right'
b'" : look who i got to hang out with today for smiling face with heart shaped eyes "'
b"i am off work for today good only a little tired but thankfully not sick! everyone i'd coughing around me n i do not like it!"
b'i am randomly sitting here doing science while typing this random post'
b'i am slowly learning that some people are not good for me, no matter how much i love them.'
b'i am soaking wet because i didnt bring my umbrella to school. _.'
b'i am so done with school can it just be christmas break already'
b'i am so excited that when i wake up will be fully downloaded can not wait to listen to the rest of this amazing album'
b'i am so grateful for all the ways i can eat potatoes'
b'i am so grateful for my car i remember i used to hate it when it rained cuz my socks would get wet when i walked home from school'
b'i am so happy i have u2 on my phone'
b'i am so happy today'
b'i am so mad that i couldnt get tickets to concert ahghgsjgdjdvs expressionless face pensive face \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'i am soo fab'
b'i am sooo glad i was young, wild & crazy before there were cell phones & evidence.'
b'i am so tired after dance practice. gonna crash before doing homework.'
b'i am so tired of waking up with migraines. i really think i need to make another doctors appointment.'
b'i am so used to literally doing work from 7 am to midnight 7 days a week that college is literally like vacationing. but yeah'
b'good for rude people teaching the more difficult classes'
b'i am that type of douchebag friend who does not talk with you for months but still cares about you and hopes you still care too'
b'i am the most stressed out laziest person ever i do not even know how i do it'
b'i am thoroughly fucked up thanks'
b'i am who i am. i am weird, i am lame, i run into things, i spill food, i trip, i scream about random & stupid stuff. but i like it that way.'
b'ian cole got an assist on perron\'s goal. so and i indeed yelled " love you ian cole.. " face with tears of joy'
b'nothing like an un-toasted subway to get you through the day.'
b"and so what if he is? doctors aren't slaves. should they have to be in work during all waking hours? are you?"
b'i apologize for tweeting something that offends you lol girls who dip are so attractive'
b"i apologize to every puppy that i havent petted yet and i'll be there soon pal"
b'i applaud people who get up and get dressed because i stay in my pajamas all day unless i \xc2\x92m going out'
b'i appreciate all your effort with this.'
b'i appreciate people that are patient with me while i am distant and trying to figure myself out'
b'i appreciate the amount of milk left in the carton.'
b'i appreciate when people ask how i am feeling because it not only shows they care, but also, that they think i can still feel'
b"i appreciate where i grew up, but the small town bullshit isn't for me anymore. ready to finish school, start my life, and make money. \xf0\x9f\xa4\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xbc"
b'i asked my roommate what\'s wrong with me, she responds " i do not know ". that\'s a good friend, folks.'
b'i ask my dates the important questions upfront like " are you cool with a harry potter themed wedding? "'
b'i ask my parents a simple " yes " or " no " question and i get a fucking lecture.'
b'i ate gummy bears and did not bite off their heads or make screaming noises as they entered my mouth and i think this means i am an adult now.'
b'i automatically say " shit " when something wrong happens.'
b'i been waiting on your love baby for too long now'
b'i before e except when you run a feisty heist on a weird beige foreign neighbor.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f being ignored by people. especially people who are my friends unamused face'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f being ignored smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i believe in equality. if we have a 5 day week of school, we should have 5 day weekends as well.. you know so we can get all our work done.'
b'i believe in equality. if we have five days of school, then we should have five day weekends as well.'
b'i believe in hate at first sight'
b'i belong on a beach with messy hair, tanned skin, and a big bowl of fruit watching the waves'
b"i be scared to open my car door when it's windy weary face hoping i do not hit another car"
b'i bet all the other glues are really jealous of super glue.'
b"i bet anyone who's had to fight a bear has snuck at least one hug in."
b'i bet chinese people hate doing the ymca in their language.'
b'i be tired working back to back plus school but i love having weekends off lol'
b'i bet jesus wishes he could block some of his followers.'
b'i bet kangaroos get drunk and find some ridiculous shit in their pouches in the morning.'
b"i bet only 15% of people make it to heaven, because if they all went, it'd be hell."
b"i bet our universe is just in a tiny glass jar placed on a shelf in an alien child's room as a science project he got a c - onyea i am high"
b'i bet short people get really excited when they accidentally hit their head on things.'
b'i bet that in prison everyone\'s fb relationship status is set to " it\'s complicated ".'
b'i bet the frankincense guy was all like, " let\'s put the three items in one gift basket and the basket can be from all of us. "'
b'i bet the nsa stopped monitoring your phone records after seeing they were all drunk dials to exes at 4 a. m.'
b"i bet uprising is so sick live like it's kinda eh when you hear it on album but live"
b'i bet when cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other one goes " man, you\'re such a cheetah! " and they laugh & eat a zebra or whatever.'
b'i bet your lil bf would like that. lol'
b'i blame picasso for all these women who use markers to draw on their eyebrows.'
b'i bought leggings. betcha i am totally going to do all the things on the package.'
b"i bought new cough syrup for my gross cough i've had and apparently i am allergic to it so i've been covered in hives for 14 hours"
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f breakouts'
b"i burnt my chin & it's starting to blister this morning so that's fun"
b"i burnt myself on my hair straightener so that's fun smile"
b'i burnt two fingers and my thumb today at work. fun.'
b"i called my aunt out for yelling and blasting music and she said she was just talking yeah ok if that's what the kids are calling it now"
b'i called somebody " love " tonight.. am i a charmer or what smiling face with horns'
b'i call in sick on full moons just to make them wonder.'
b'i call my car " the pussy wagon " cause that\'s where i go when i need to cry.'
b'i call my penis " the treadmill " because it has not been used in years and now clothes just hang on it'
b'i came back earlier from school and i just want to sleep the whole day but need to learn biology good me'
b'i can actually learn more in six hours on the internet than six hours in a filthy school'
b"i can already tell it's going to be a fun day in art"
b'i can already tell that tomorrow is going to piss me off. 9 -5 in uni? no thanks.'
b"i can be either be the nicest gentleman or the biggest asshole you've ever met. it just all depends on how you treat me."
b"i can be sobbing in front of you with a broken heart and i'll still crack a joke"
b'i can be : weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic creative romantic but really, i am just me.'
b"i canceled the dispute if you can put my credits into my account that'd be great thanks bro"
b'i can count on one hand how many people i truly trust.'
b'i can easily be friends with a ex lol my feelings built for that shit fr'
b'i can hear my annoying neighbor singing and dancing on new song " jag ghumeya ", i hope he does not break his leg " - my neighbor'
b'i can literally go on and rant for like 8days straight. \xe2\x9c\x8band if still be right raised hand'
b'i can literally smell frat on the kid next to me'
b'i can literally tell which one of my family members is coming up the stairs or walking around the house just from their footsteps.'
b'i can not stand david letterman, funny'
b'i can not wait to babysit natalie and libby today'
b'i can not wait to drink some hot tea so this cough can go away'
b'i can not wait to finish this last year of highschool then move on to college to reach my goals'
b'i can not wait until thanksgiving break. only 3 more days of class'
b'i can remember song lyrics from 2006 but not whatever maths formula we were learning yesterday'
b'i can see exactly 6 years into the future. i have 2020 vision.'
b'i can see in the near future where we would have rehab centres to get rid of social networks addiction.'
b'i can see my a already'
b'i can see today is going to be awesome!'
b'i can see why we took out rasmus.'
b'i can send you a text at 12:04 & be asleep by 12:05 face with tears of joy'
b'i can not be left alone because then i think and when i think i start to hate the people i love.'
b'i can not believe i did not get a tony nomination for my performance in " pretending to hold the elevator while secretly pressing \'close door. \' "'
b"i can not believe it's almost 2014"
b"i can not believe it's been almost a year since the world ended in 2012"
b'i can not believe that my fb friends yelled at me for not being on for a while, gotta love that bunch, lol'
b"i can not believe the world ended a year ago... wow time flies when you're dead."
b'i can not breathe out of my nose and my phone will not turn on. today is gonna be such a good day!'
b'i cant deal with people slurping their drink or chewing really loudly tired face'
b'i can tell already work is going to be fab today!'
b'i can tell today is gonna be a really good day'
b'i can not even describe how excited i am to go cook noodles for 3 hours'
b'i can not even keep up with all of the inconsistencies... there are so many. idk how adnan was ever convicted. wow.'
b"i can not even talk bout it to anyone bc everyoen will just tell me i am overthinking and it's nothing like that no one even understands"
b'i can not even wait to go sit at this meeting at the highschool'
b'i can not fathom how long it took cavemen to etch selfies'
b'i can not get out of bed. these blankets have accepted me as one of their own and if i leave now i might lose their trust.'
b'i can not go a day without listening to music.'
b'i can not go to school mom. the blankets have accepted me as one of their own. if i leave now i might lose their trust.'
b'i can not go to school tomorrow i am sick sick of these niggas.'
b'i can not go to sleep if any of my apps need to be updated, but will drive my car with the check engine light until it explodes'
b"i can not hear you, so i'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question."
b'i can not help it though'
b'i cant lie, yeah im out on the east, the east side'
b"i can totally keep secrets. it's the people i tell them to that can't."
b"i can not promise you a perfect relationship, but what i can promise you is that if you're trying, i am staying."
b'i can not register for classes until tomorrow and 4 out of my 6 classes are full smile love life'
b'i can not remember the last time i straightened my hair... gave my straightener and curling iron to my coworker.'
b'i can not sing... does not mean i wont.'
b'i can not sleep again and i have a test first class in the morning great'
b'i can not sleep because i am excited for taking my braces off, but i must sleep as i have to wake up really early. that kind of thing'
b'i can not sleep so i am finding old tweets. thrilling life i lead!'
b"i can not stand a cute lame nigga. like ugh. why'd you just waste all this goodness being so dumb tired face face with cold sweat"
b'i can not stand all those annoying girls who think that being stupid is cute.'
b"i can not stand it when people do not know the difference between your and you're. there so stupid."
b'i can not study anymore five hours later and 1/4 done'
b'i can not take this long distance relationship anymore! this refrigerator is going in my room!'
b"i can not talk this morning. that's cool"
b'i can not thank you guys enough for all the love and support this past week. i am overwhelmed & grateful. thank you!'
b'i can not wait for all the closeted gays at my school to finally come out'
b"i can not wait for everyone to have kids so i can babysit everyone's babies smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'i can not wait for family pictures this weekend'
b'i cant wait for infinite showtime. tbh im hoping infinite will show us their rooms cough cough their mess rooms grinning face'
b"i can not wait for kyle's nephew to get here. smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes we've already got the okay to babysit"
b'i can not wait for my date later smiling face with smiling eyes my roommate gonna babysit my new son for me face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait for my learning framework class today \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f flushed face loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait for school tomorrow to find this kid'
b"i can not wait for senior ropes for mr. livoni to say the f word in front of me like he's my friend."
b'i can not wait for the day where i can go to sleep without having to cough continuously for five hours first'
b'i can not wait to babysit baby melo loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes i never thought laura would ask'
b'i can not wait to babysit middle schoolers all day in a few hours'
b'i can not wait to babysit my bby niece this saturday'
b'i can not wait to babysit my kiddos again loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i cant wait to babysit these kids they are so fun to be around'
b'i can not wait to become the next big mistake in history'
b'i cant wait to be done w highschool'
b'i cant wait to cook for hours on thanksgiving wow i love thanksgiving loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait to end the night in bed with lalo watching episodes of drunk history already'
b'i cant wait to get up and violently bump into my piano tomorrow morning'
b'i can not wait to go home and have some german meals. *cough* pork and sauerkraut.'
b'i cant wait to go home at 5'
b'i can not wait to go to class and talk about htgawm with my friends tomorrow that shit has me on edge'
b'i can not wait to go to work on my birthday.'
b'i can not wait to have kids, the ones i babysit are so fun lmao'
b'i can not wait to have you inside me, " i whispered softly to my dinner.'
b"i can not wait to hear history live in person it's going to be life changing"
b'i can not wait to leave so i can cough my lungs out and die'
b'i can not wait to move in with the love of my life and have sleepovers every night \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa. i crave cuddles way to often'
b'i can not wait to read american history books in 40yrs and not read about how the u. s. refused refuge to thousands because of their religion'
b'i can not wait to smoke w hijji & watch this nigga cough forever face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i can not wait to spend the rest of my day in the watson library catching up'
b'i cant wait to start school. i miss paul mitchelll!'
b'i can not wait to start school'
b'i can not wait to start watching this! hey, those history major wwii classes may be put to good use.'
b'i can not wait to take my children to cuba! so much history and incredible people'
b'i can not wait to update my personal phone to ios8 from ios8 gm. this should be epic.'
b'i cant wait to wear only underwear around the house with the person i love'
b'i can not waitttt to be done with school! only four more years though good'
b'i can not wait until babysit next monday so then i can officially start buying christmas presents bc i have a ton of cash money mouth face'
b'i can not wait until i can drive to make sure i get myself to dance class on time'
b'i can not wait until i can once again cough or sneeze without peeing my pants a little loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait until this semesters over. i am tired of this english class man. hope this is my last paper.'
b'i can not with all these spoilers. in class officially signing off because i have to wait until tomorrow to watch.'
b'i care, but i am done trying'
b'i care lots about what i look like today.'
b'icarly should have ended by her waking up from a coma and drake and josh calling her megan.'
b'i caught another maybe half hour of sleep. well that will have to be good enough! time for awake!'
b'ice cream and mashed potatoes. my kind of dinner i want real food loudly crying face'
b'ice -t narrated a d &d book and it is literally the greatest thing i have ever heard'
b"i changed all my passwords to 'incorrect '. so my computer just tells me when i forget."
b'does your ramen have any msg? id love to try your food but have to be careful do to an allergy. thanks!'
b'i chose a great time to get sick'
b'i cld b the nxt selena, i jus need a big ass, learn how 2 sing, learn 2 dance, & learn spanish but other than tht i think i got it face with tears of joy'
b'i closed my dms now, i wanna do this one a week or every 2 weeks or something i really like talking to you guys grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"i close my eyes for a second and then wake up and i've slept for two hours."
b"i come home and no food has been cooked, it's sunday."
b"i come home an the house smells like lobster... an my mom looks like she got the itis... but there's no food unamused face"
b"i come home from work to no food. guess i'll just have to die now"
b'i constantly check my phone for no reason.'
b'i constantly go between being extremely anxious about all the things i have to do and literally not giving a sh*t. there is no in between.'
b'i cough a few more times tell her i love her and proceed to hang up... she says " wait kypree... you love me right " i said " yea bae you knw i do'
b'i could amaze you with the things i do not know and terrify you with the things i do know.'
b"i could be a billionaire and i'd still choose to illegally download music."
b"i could be locked in a room with no tv, phone, or internet access and i'd probably still not do my homework."
b'i could chill at my boyfriends house & he can spend on me & i would be happy asf. yall girls crazy.'
b'i could go ahead but she asked me to show my pic.'
b'i could literally crawl up in a ball and cry today.'
b'i could literally teach this math class'
b'i could not fall asleep listening to music but if i listen to jbs album, it makes me fall asleep and i love it'
b"i couldn't even finish my own boater's safety course online... does dr. a really expect me to finish this training without help?"
b"i could probably be an atheist if it wasn't for the fact that i am a sex god."
b'i could sit and watch people cook for hours and hours'
b'i could sleep for 2 weeks straight and still be tired'
b"i cry when i am angry and that's the very worst thing because you're trying to act tough and mean and instead you cry."
b'i see you got diggs too, picked him up right before he exploded, been great except last week'
b'always knows how to capture me in the most attractive photos and videos...'
b'i dated a guy a long time ago and apparently he just got out of serving a year and a half in jail. maybe i should text him.'
b"i'd be excited about getting out of work right meow but i have to wait to drive 2 hrs to & from the airport only to wake up 5 hrs later. fuck"
b"i'd be more upset about the nsa accessing my phone records if i used my phone for anything but texting and taking pictures of my dick."
b"i'd care more about your feelings if they came with a toy and chicken nuggets."
b"idc if my ex upgrades or downgrades.. what they do after me isn't my business. when i am past you, i am past you"
b'idc if you dont fuck with me! i am not losing sleep or money relieved face'
b"i'd drink a lot less alcohol if a lot less alcohol got me drunk."
b'i deadass just got excited butterflies thinking about how ill be able to listen to music when i wake up'
b'i deal with my personal problems the same way i study for tests i do not'
b"i decided i am not doing the whole clock-back routine this year. if you need me, i'll be in the frickin future."
b'i decided that bc i deleted yik yak i am now going to tweet everything i normally would yak. i am'
b'i decided to cancel my twitter account. i dont want to sound paranoid, but im pretty sure people are following me.'
b'i decided to greet my coworkers with a " congrats on not dying in your sleep " instead of the usual " good morning "'
b'i delete a tweet if i spell something wrong and fuck you if you saw it.'
b"i deserve someone who actually gives a fuck about me because i've spent my whole life making other people happy and all they did was leave"
b'idgaf = i do not give away food.'
b'idgi, is it good or bad to be able to beat the moron test app?'
b"i'd give my left nut to have a third testicle, but i'd give my right arm to be an octopus!"
b"i'd give my right arm for a copy of godzilla soundtrack on cd. the quality on youtube playlists is painful."
b"i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous."
b"i'd give my right arm to go to a coldplay concert"
b"i'd give my right arm to hear and do a song together"
b"i'd give my right arm to see justin on the believe tour again omg"
b"i'd go to the gym but i am still tinkering with the ultimate workout playlist i started three years ago."
b"i'd have better people skills if i worked with better people."
b'i did in the bed. i did it on the couch. i did it in the car. texting is such an obsession.'
b'i did not choose the harry potter life ; the harry potter life broke down the door and told me i was a wizard'
b'i did not even study for these test i have tomorrow great'
b'i did not kno i was an ungrateful bitch, but i am glad you told me relieved face'
b'i did not know if i should do something or not and then a car drove by blasting yeah by usher so of course i am gunna listen to usher'
b"i did not sign up for the 401k at work, because there's no way i can run that far."
b'i did not sleep last night i couldn\'t be bothered " amelia sleeping isn\'t a chore it\'s a gift'
b"i did not think i'd ever not love pizza hut (and that's not even sarcasm ; was favorite pizza of my childhood ) but"
b'i didnt wanna wake up i dont wanna go to school i dont wanna see you people or you teachers i just wanna sleep'
b'i did so good in math this trimester'
b'i did so much for mexicos independence day today. pensive face'
b'\xe2\x80\xa2 i did the salt and ice challenge and burnt off my freckles'
b'i die a little inside when i see an old person eating alone at a restaurant.'
b"totally agree like they're the ones that are hearing new songs from the album live like wtf you complaining about"
b'idk 40% of me is like yeah i can be an adult and 60% of me just wants to lay in bed blasting welcome to my life with smudged eyeliner idk'
b'idk how i am gonna make it through 4 classes today without falling asleep. thank goodness staying up for the colts was worth it. unamused face'
b'idk how people have time for all this fun stuff in the summer. where are ur responsibilities? how do you get money? do you not sleep?'
b"idk how y'all can sneak out & actually have fun bc if it was me id be stressin all night dying to get my ass back home before i got caught face with tears of joy"
b"i'd kick you in the vagina but i do not wanna lose my shoe."
b'idk if i am bitter for having been awake and continue to be so ; or if i am absolutely delighted i have an hour left to myself'
b'i\'d kill for a microwave that plays europe\'s " the final countdown " during the last 30 seconds.'
b'idk whats easier training a dog or training a person to not be difficult'
b"idk whats going on in my algebra 2 class rn but that's ok but at least i am trying my best and not stressing my self pun over a grade"
b'idk why i even bother gettin crushes on people because its not like im gonna end up dating them anyway so like its such a waste of feelings.'
b'idk why people slut shame, i love hearing peoples hoe stories, i love hearing " guess what i did " bitch whattttt you do?'
b"idk why you chose this sus ass emoji but you're honestly an awesome person all around. you've literally done my homework before so i"
b"i'd like to buy a new boomerang. also, i'd like to know how to throw the old one away."
b"i'd like to give a shout out to all the people who text me for a minute then stop responding. you make dreams a reality"
b"i'd like to take a moment to thank all of the people who got me sick recently, i appreciate you"
b"i'd like to thank you for being a fake friend"
b"i'd love it if people did not piss me off today, thanks"
b"i'd love to install a software that would block all th mentions/photos of that sick puke donald trump. why did i even name him?"
b"i'd much rather be sat at home watching i am a celebrity, but instead i am sleeping in the middle of no where in the lorry \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xf0\x9f\x9a\x9b"
b'i\'d never bang a black chick, not \'cause i am racist it\'s just that i am more of a " run my fingers through her hair " kinda guy.'
b"i'd never call you a useless bag of shit. shit is actually pretty useful as a fertilizer, but i have zero uses for you."
b"i'd never tell anyone to go to hell but i might suggest a carnival cruise."
b'i dnt any one coz even my is my'
b"i do it because i can, i can because i want to, i want to because you said i couldn't."
b'i do like 2 minutes of studying 15 minute of eating complaining :))'
b'i done fucked up i have not a clue what i am doing with youtube gaming. thanks to take 2 will be in a matter of minutes'
b'i do not enjoy being woken up especially when it took me 15 years to fuckin fall asleep'
b'i do not even have a sleep schedule anymore its just a gigantic mess'
b'i do not miss wearing my hair i love getting up and going'
b'i do not recommend cycling in the rain weary face'
b'i do not always have time to study... but when i do, i do not'
b'i do not always talk to people with swag, but when i do... i ask for large fries.'
b'i do not argue with people who i can remove from my life by pressing a button.'
b'i dont ask for a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. instead, i ask for mouth hugs.'
b'i do not believe anyone who says they understand how to play minesweeper.'
b'i dont care about looks " liar you\'re a liar you are lying'
b"i do not care about losing people who do not wanna be in my life anymore, i've lost people who meant the world to me and i am doing just fine."
b"i do not care about rumors, i know what i've said and done."
b'i do not care about this dumb show i am gonna go watch cute boys kiss each other'
b"i do not care about your - age - weight - sexuality - height - gender - skin color as long as you respect me, i'll respect you"
b'i do not care how cold it is i will still drink iced coffee'
b"i do not care how loud i am laughing, i am having fun and you're not."
b'i dont care how mad you are at someone do not throw them under the bus for personal stuff that they trusted you with'
b'i do not care how old i am. if i lose my mom in the store i will panic.'
b"i do not care how old you are. when the ketchup bottle farts, it's funny."
b'i do not care how small that spider is. i want it dead.'
b"i do not care if it's 1am, 2am 3am, or 4am if you call and i care about you i will answer"
b"i do not care if it's a kidnapping/murder ; if you tell me a monkey will be involved, i am 97% more likely to participate."
b"i do not care if people do not like me. i wasn't put on this earth to entertain anyone."
b'i do not care if people do not like me the point is... do i like them?'
b'i do not care if you think i am crazy. life is too short to be normal.'
b"i dont care if you think my man is ugly. he's my man not yours. hes ugly to you but fine as fuck to me and thats all that matters."
b"i do not care if you wear footie pj's or sleep with a snuggie. if you swish listerine in your mouth for the full 30 seconds, you are badass."
b'i dont care " i say when i fucking care too much'
b"i do not care what my child grows up to be, as long as it's not a person who comments on youtube videos."
b'i do not care what people think of me... at least mosquitoes find me attractive.'
b'i do not care what you heard. try asking first.'
b'i do not care what your gender is, i am calling you dude.'
b'i do not dress up for school because 1. i have no one to impress 2. it starts too early 3. i am lazy'
b'i do not even feel like a " friend " to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something.'
b'i do not even know the stats hw'
b'i do not even like painting im forced bc school woo good'
b"i do not even like texting but when you wanna talk to that person you b checking your phone like a mf. irritated as hell when a msg ain't there"
b'i do not even need to insult you. your face speaks for itself.'
b'i do not even want to attempt to listen to adele new album bc then i will not be able to sleep'
b'i do not expect a guy to be on his phone textin me 24/7 but i do not want a guy that only talks to me for 5 minutes a day'
b'i dont follow tradition and neither did my father or his father before him.'
b'i do not get drunk, i get able to tolerate other people.'
b'i do not get how my room gets so messy when all i do is sit in one spot and go on the internet all day.'
b'i do not get how people enjoy working out? the moment i feel out of breath i quit tbh i am not about to die i can not do it'
b'i do not get how you take 3 hours to get ready and still leave your house looking like a basic bitch'
b"i do not get schools. if you have a broken leg you do not have to do pe, but if you have social anxiety you're forced to do public speaking"
b"i do not get why people find drunk texts annoying. you're the person they're thinking of when their brain can not even function properly."
b'i dont get why people tell other people to calm down like wtf if im mad and you tell me to calm down ill throw a brick at your face'
b'i do not get why sully blames mike for getting kicked out of the scaring program ; he was failing to begin with.'
b'i do not hate you. i just do not exactly appreciate your existence.'
b"i do not hate you, i am just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be."
b'i do not hate you. i am just not necessarily excited about your existence.'
b"i do not have 40 years to wait, so i'll just use all the roads as is."
b'i do not have a comeback so i am just going to correct your grammar and spelling.'
b'i do not have a dirty mind, i have a sexy imagination'
b"i do not have a drinking problem, i just celebrate everything! like the fact that shirts have armholes! i'll be celebrating that tonight."
b"i do not have an attitude problem... you have a problem with my attitude... that's your problem, not mine."
b'i do not have a nervous system. i am a nervous system'
b'i do not have any tattoos because i am not of fan of pain or commitment. pretty much the same reasons i am not in a relationship.'
b'i do not have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.'
b'i do not have a smartphone.. i have a phone that shows potential, but refuses to apply its self.'
b'i do not have a type. if i like you, i like you.'
b'i do not have ex\'s! i have y\'s. like " y the hell did i date you?! "'
b'i do not have health insurance, but i do have car insurance. so whenever i get sick i just go crash my car into a tree.'
b'i dont have issues with trust or anything like that i have issues with people wasting my time'
b'i do not have school or work tomorrow so i am gonna be active 3 good'
b"i do not have time for people who think they're too good for mcdonalds"
b'i do not have time to hate anyone, i either love you or do not care at all'
b'i do not have time to hate the people that hate me because i am too busy loving people who love me. (\xe2\x97\x95\xe2\x80\xbf\xe2\x97\x95\xe2\x9c\xbf)'
b'i do not have to go to school today smile yay.'
b'i do not hold grudges. we good. you may not hear from me again... but we good.'
b'i do not insult people, i describe them.'
b'i do not just sing in the shower... i perform.'
b'i do not know how anybody runs for fun.'
b'i do not know how my brother sleeps for four hours after school every day. i feel like i am wasting part of my day if i sleep for a half hour'
b"i do not know how people approach to their crush... i mean i do not even have the guts to ask for a extra ketchup at mcdonald's."
b'i do not know how people can fake whole relationships... i can not even fake a hello to somebody i do not like.'
b'i do not know how people have such adventurous summers. i am here like " i got work tomorrow and the day after that and after that'
b'i do not know how people sit under a hair dryer loudly crying face'
b"i do not know if i can date you, we're only linked by two social networks."
b"i do not know if i am crying because tracy chapman's music is so great or because i am failing tomorrow's exam."
b'i do not know if i should tip the bathroom attendant, or charge for letting him watch'
b'i do not know, man. nothing like that fresh out the shower feeling'
b'i dont know whats more annoying, hot chicks who will not shut up about how ugly they are or ugly girls who will not shut up about how hot they are'
b'i dont know where im gonna be five years from now, but i pray to god its somewhere with a beautiful view and beside you'
b'i do not know which face to talk to, since you have two.'
b'i do not know why i even bother getting crushes on ppl bc its not like i am going to end up dating them anyway, its such a waste of feelings'
b'i do not know why i love, but i always know why i hate.'
b'i do not know why i am losing sleep over this, like for real.'
b'i do not know why people freak out and run when they see a spider. they are just gonna climb in your mouth when you are sleeping anyways.'
b'i do not know why people take me so seriously. i never even know what i am saying.'
b"i do not know why ya'll are going to church. god is busy monitoring facebook to make sure everyone is sharing and liking those jesus photos."
b"i do not know why you're always talking about yourself to me. why not ask how i am doing? i am doing great, thanks for asking."
b'i dont like drama " says the bitch who makes the most drama.'
b'i dont like fucking with certain people because i know not everyone has the best intentions for me'
b"i do not like my food to touch, i know it's weird cause it all goes down the same but i just can not it feels weird weary face"
b'i do not like people who hate certain group of people. but i get along very well with people who hate everybody equally.'
b'i do not like when people are jerks in real life but i love when people are jerks on jeopardy'
b'i do not like when people stare at me. unless ur cute you can stare if ur cute.'
b'i do not mean to be a downer, but imagine if all the money spent on elaborate fireworks displays was instead given to me.'
b'i do not mean to interrupt people i just randomly remember things and get really excited i am sorry'
b'i do not need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends i can be certain of.'
b'i do not need a perfect relationship, i just need someone who will not give up on me.'
b'i do not need a perfect relationship. i want a true and loyal one.'
b'i do not need a " previously on... " i\'ve been watching this show for nine hours straight'
b'i dont need a valentine i need 8 million dollars and a fast metabolism'
b'i do not need to associate with people who say fag/faggot'
b'i do not need to control my anger. everybody around me needs to control their habit of pissing me off.'
b'i do not need to do an ab workout, i sneezed 3 times really hard earlier.'
b"i do not normally chase after boys but if he's over 6ft and has good hair then a bitch might just powerwalk"
b'i dont owe anyone an explanation for the things i say or do'
b"i do not plan on texting for a long time. if it's not helping my pockets it's a waste of text"
b'i do not really feel like doing anything to my hair but getting caught in the rain then taking that nap with no scarf says otherwise weary face'
b'i do not really have feelings until 2 am and then i get sad about everything'
b'i do not really have feelings until night time, then i get sad about everything.'
b"i do not really know where i stand in people's lives... one minute they treat me like i am someone special, then nothing the next."
b'i do not really talk to a lot of people anymore.'
b"i do not run. in fact, if you see me running, you better follow because it's likely something is chasing me."
b'i do not see how anyone could dislike morning traffic that makes you late for school. white up pointing backhand index'
b'i do not see how people kiss they dogs. my dog be over here licking his own dick'
b'i do not see why everybody wants a white iphone. everyone knows the black one runs faster.'
b'i do not send dick pics because i am a gentleman and do not want to use up your entire data plan with a file that large.'
b"i do not stalk. i just update myself on what's going on in people's lives."
b'i do not think boys understand that girls stalking skills are sooo strong that we can literally find out ur entire autobiography in 12 mins'
b'i do not think i can reach an ultimate level of calm any other way than cleaning my room'
b'i do not think i could ever stab someone. i can barely get the straw in the capri sun.'
b"i do not think i'll be able to make it through a whole day tomorrow at school without breaking down. so that's cool."
b'i do not think playing catch with the kid was the problem so much as the fact that i kept dropping them'
b'i do not think stupid people understand how much effort goes into not punching them in the face'
b'i do not think we can ever truly heal if we do not stop this endless blame game about who exactly released those dogs.'
b"i do not think y'all understand how excited i am for bts ' comeback like i wasn't here for pt. 1 so this is just. hurting."
b"i do not understand. are you interested in literature? that's interesting. please tell me more about yourself."
b'i do not understand banks. how they have chains on their pens, i am trusting them with money so why do not they trust me with pens?'
b'i do not understand banks. why do they attach chains to their pens. if i am trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen.'
b'i do not understand how my room gets so messy when i literally sit in one spot with my phone and laptop all day'
b"i do not understand interventions. what's the point of being told i drink too much by a room full of reasons why i drink in the first place?"
b"i do not understand. i want to talk about literature. that's interesting. please tell me more about yourself."
b'i dont understand people who dont listen to music how do you survive?are you ok?'
b'i do not understand people who only sleep with one pillow.'
b"i do not understand why i put myself out there. i have the best luck with dating i shouldn't have to."
b'i do not understand why people feel the need to brag. stay humble and shut up. no one cares.'
b'i do not understand why people get angry someone breaks up w/ them by text. i used to break up with people by just never talking to them again'
b'i do not understand why people need to do drugs or party in order to have fun like have you tried mac n cheese'
b"i do not usually lose my phone.. but when i do it's on silent."
b"i do not usually share personal things and feelings, so if i share them with you, it's because i trust you and because i care about you"
b'i dont wanna be famous for the money i wanna be famous so i can be friends with other famous people (and the money )'
b'i dont wanna go to college i wanna go to concerts'
b'i do not wanna love anyone else the way i loved him... i do not have time for the heartbreak'
b"i do not wanna say i am better than everybody, but i was at the gym at 7 am today. so it's hard for me to not say that."
b'i dont want 8 classes tomorrow and start with pe like bitcj school calm the fuck down i hateyou so muhchhcks'
b'i do not want a sugar daddy but can i have like a sugar auntie? just a sweet old woman who gives me money cuz she believes in me'
b'i do not want my relationship to be perfect, i want it to be worth it :'
b'i dont want socialism or reverse socialism, crony capitalism is not free market.. i want a small govt'
b'i do not want to ask because i am scared of the answer'
b"i do not want to get carried away here but these security guards aren't really giving me a choice."
b'i dont want to get caught lol'
b'i dont want to go to school tomorrow \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e classes always feel longer on fridays'
b'i do not want whatever i want. nobody does. not really. what kind of fun would it be if i just got'
b'i do not want you back, but i do want to stop this new person from making you happy.'
b'i do not want you to wait for me, i am not coming home \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i doubt vodka is the answer but its worth a shot'
b'i do what i want, when i want, wherever i want... as long as my mom says its ok'
b'i\'d prefer " baby i am busy right now, i\'ll call you as soon as i get the chance, i love u. " rather than a text 5hours later with some bs excuse'
b"i'd probably buy a lot more dvds if they stopped wrapping them in indestructible witch-plastic."
b"i'd rather be slapped in the face by a real friend than hugged by a fake one."
b'i\'d rather fail at trying, than succeed at doing nothing. " happy wednesday! it may be a wet one, but you can still make it a great one!'
b'i dreamed you bought me a pizza and you said i am the best sister ever \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.'
b'i drive 30 minutes to take an exam only for my professor to say he does not have copies and for me to take it next week. great.'
b'i drive without a license or permit & your excuse is that your license got taken away? lol ok face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i dropped out of school so i can become a pok\xc3\xa9mon trainer!'
b'i drove to school just to find out both my classes are cancelled today, good'
b'i drown my charger the other day and now it will not charge my phone. looks like i have to go out and buy a new cord.'
b"i'd save a lot more money on car insurance if they quit spending billions on advertising."
b"i'd say go to hell, but i do not want to see you again."
b"i'd say the biggest difference between 2chainz & me is that all he wants for his birthday is a big booty hoe, & id prefer a target gift card"
b"i'd tell you a great time travel joke... but you did not like it."
b"i dunno if she's dumb or just a bitch. luckily she's cute. and i like her in twenty three. lol"
b'i blue heart eating in the dining hall alone'
b'i eat lunch in my car and use starbucks as my office multiple times a week. my job is so glamorous'
b'i eat what you eat in 10 years, in 2 days - rick ross'
b'i either cry or turn into a psychopath when i am mad there is no in-between'
b'i either dress like im going to a red carpet event or like im a homeless drug addict there is no in between'
b'i either eat 20 meals a day or forget to eat at all there is literally nothing in between'
b'i either eat nothing or eat everything. there is no in between.'
b'i either get a 90 on a test or a 34 there is no in between'
b'i either read for 4 hours straight or dont read for 4 months there is no in between'
b'i end all my texts with < ;3 because my ball sack always wears a party hat.'
b'i enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.'
b'i enjoy sitting next to you...'
b'i enjoy tweeting and not getting a reply'
b'i envy people who can go to sleep seconds after closing their eyes'
b"i exercise by running up the street, knocking on all the doors. jehovah's fitness."
b'i exercise. i do one sit up everyday when i get out of bed in the morning.'
b'if 2016 me knew 2010 me then i would hate myself face with tears of joy'
b"if a cop pulls over a you -haul, he's trying to bust a move."
b'if a girl asks you about another specific girl, do not even bother lying. she already knows'
b"if a girl mentions it more than once, it's bothering her"
b'if a girl receives a compliment/ gets hit on & does not inform twitter about it, did it really happen?!'
b"if a girl says bye when she's mad at you, you do not say bye back are you dumb"
b"if a girl sleeps with 20 guys she's called a slut but if a guy does it... he's probably gay.. yep.. gay"
b"if a girl's mad she'll go on twitter and find something to retweet she relates to in under 7 seconds"
b'if a guy calls you princess in a condescending manner assert your newly appointed royal status and have him beheaded.'
b"i failed my driver's test. driving teacher : 'what do you do at a red light?' me : 'i usually respond to texts and check my facebook. '"
b'i fake sleep when my family members come in my room so they do not talk to me.'
b'i fall asleep and wake up excited then i remember and then i say nvm'
b"if a man says you're ugly he's being mean. if a woman says you're ugly she's envious. if a little kid says you're ugly, you're ugly."
b"if a mugger ever asks me to draw an uppercase cursive q or he'll shoot, tell my family i died a hero."
b"if a nigga ain't losing sleep over you why is you losing sleep over him?"
b'if an officer says, anything you say will be taken down & used as evidence your answer should always be, please do not hit me again officer.'
b"if anyone could read my mind i am pretty sure they'd be traumatized for life."
b"if anyone ever read me and my girlfriends conversations they'd probably think we hate each other"
b"if anyone is interested in trading some sex for nachos, let me know. i'll bring either the sex or the nachos"
b'if anyone offers you drugs say thank you, because drugs are expensive.'
b'i farted and it smells like a hong kong meat market at 5 on a hot day'
b'i farted in the apple store the other day and everyone got pissed. not my fault they do not have windows.'
b'i farted so loud in front of the twins i babysit. can not wait until they tell their dad'
b'if a special needs child walks into class late, is it still appropriate to call them " tardy "?'
b'if at first you do not succeed... so much for skydiving.'
b'if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, then have we found the perfect location for a nickelback concert?'
b'if by " cat person " you mean i like to sleep all day, hate most people, & thrive on the internet, then yes. i am a cat person.'
b'if by d you mean dessert, then yes i want the d. i want the d right now.'
b'if caterpillars are able to sleep for a long time and come out prettier why cant i'
b"if cinderella's shoe fit perfectly.. why did it fall off in the first place?"
b'if climate change causes terrorism, do not we have like a trillion years to wait isis out?'
b"if couples who are in love are called 'love birds ', then couples who always argue should be called 'angry birds. '"
b"if crying could make me lose weight i'd always be in shape"
b"if diamonds are a girl's best friend does that mean my ex is going to sleep with them too?"
b"if donald trump wins the presidency with no background in politics i shouldn't have to graduate college to get a good job in my field"
b"if says this is the best way to roll out dough, we're not arguing :"
b'if " dress for the job you want " were true, there would be a lot more people wearing capes.'
b'if each day is a gift, i would like to know where i can return mondays.'
b'i feel as though common sense should be referred to as the sense formerly known as common.'
b'i feel a text is too serious without an lol or ha in there somewhere.'
b'i feel bad for kids nowadays who can not get the toys they want because their parents have to be 18 or older to call.'
b"i feel bad for lions at zoos. how would you feel if a bunch of pizzas came to your house, took your picture, and you couldn't even eat them?"
b'i feel bad for unmarried people with no kids. who do you scream at?'
b"i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i feel beautiful.'
b'i feel great about my exam score'
b'i feel horrible but my mom is making me go to school lol good'
b'i feel important'
b'i feel lazier than the dude who drew the japanese flag.'
b'i feel like a nerd i am too excited to start school \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i feel like crap and my kids were absolutely crazy today... what a good monday'
b'i feel like crying... wait a minute... i see what the problem is... i am just listening to drake'
b'i feel like i have no life anymore i am always working i just want a day off already... sad'
b'i feel like i am 15 and without a license again'
b'i feel like im always on the verge of doing something great or doing nothing at all'
b'i feel like i am going to throw up.. today is going to be grand.?'
b'i feel like i am in middle school again this is so fun good bieber fever!'
b'i feel like i am living on a half hour of sleep. face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i feel like i am the only fucking person without their license unamused face'
b"i feel like the album will sound so much more incredible live like i swear they just sound like they'll be amazing live ygm"
b'i feel played that i got homework on the first day of school and a quiz tomorrow like whhhhyyyy'
b'i feel so hormonal, i just heard " the fray-don\'t let me go " and cried for a good 10 -15 minutes'
b'i feel so important right now'
b'i feel so loved unamused face'
b'i feel sooo bad for people that have to work indoors in the ac'
b'i feel so out of touch with internet slang. i read icymi 3x today and had no idea what it meant, so like any good old foggy, i googled it'
b'i feel so proud when my friends tell me their parents like me like damn right they do, im a delight'
b'i feel sorry for any business students that still have classes on fridays'
b'i feel sorry for people who do not have dogs. i hear they have to pick up food they drop on the floor.'
b'i fell in love with sm1 over the weekend simply by chance, but i will not move any further, no matter how nice it was, esp. saturday night smile'
b'i fell in love with your personality, your looks are just a bonus.'
b'i felt like a hero when i saved a girl from choking today... by taking my dick out of her mouth'
b'if every kiss begins with " k " then i am just going to assume that when you text me " k " you secretly want to make out.'
b'if everyone is laughing i cant be hurt too badly, right?'
b'if he doesnt touch ur booty is he even your boyfriend'
b'if hr made employees settle their disputes with public dance-offs, everyone would try a lot harder to get along.'
b"if i actually spoke my mind, i'd be in big trouble."
b'if i ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling " it\'s the button on front! "'
b'if i ask you to take a picture & you take about 23 so i have options of not only a planned picture but also candids, you are my favorite'
b"if i can literally see half of your ass cheek, you're trying to hard and"
b'if i can not be weird around you, we can not be friends.'
b"if i clicked on every web ad i see, i'd have 156 free ipads and a dick the size of the pre -9/11 twin towers."
b"if i could be any animal i'd pick a turtle, strictly for the chance, however slight, i could be turned into a ninja."
b'if i could fly blasting in the car yeah fuck'
b'if i could go back in time & not sneak outta my house everynight in middle school... wait, i probably would still sneak out lol'
b'if i could punch you without getting in trouble, believe me, i would.'
b"if i could put into words how much i love waking up at 5 am on tuesday's i would...?."
b'if i could remember school work like i remember lyrics... i would be a genius.'
b'if i could sleep for a week trust me i would'
b"if i delete your number... you're basically deleted from my life.?"
b'if i die and people post statuses about me on facebook and act like they knew me or were nice to me i will come back and fucking murder them'
b'if i die young, please have my tombstone read : " an unexpected error occurred. " if i am old, then : " operation timed out. "'
b"if i do not mention you.. then the tweet wasn't about you.. but if the shoe fits.. then lace that bitch up and wear it"
b'if i do not remember what i did, do not ruin it for me by reminding me'
b'if i dont snapchat you back its not bc im ignoring you its bc my face isnt cooperating'
b"if i do not text back it's because i replied in my mind but was too lazy to physically reply and i am really sorry."
b'if i do not use my headphones and just listen all day people talking around maybe one day i will just wake up and speak german'
b'if i drink alcohol, i am an alcoholic. what about if i drink fanta? i am fantastic.'
b"if i drunk text you and you're asleep, do not text me in the morning, that ship has sailed."
b'if i ever am on time i literally deserve a million dollars and an award.'
b"if i ever need a brain transplant, i'd choose yours because i'd want a brain that had never been used."
b"if i ever run out of toothpaste, i'll just lick my bathroom mirror."
b"if i feel like i am making more of an effort than you, then i'll just stop trying all together."
b"if i found out i only had a week to live, and could go anywhere in the world, i think i'd go to the hospital because that sounds serious."
b'if i go sleep at 6 in the morning, does it mean i go sleep early or late?'
b'if i got for every time i rolled my eyes i would be a billionaire'
b'if i got a dollar for every time i thought about you, i would start thinking about you'
b'if i got my eyes on you i dont see anyone but you'
b'if i go to class, i do not listen. if i listen, i can not learn anything. if i learn something, i forgot it in a moment. you see my problem?'
b"if i got paid for being lazy, i'd be a billionaire."
b'if i had a dollar for every time i got my hopes up'
b'if i had a dollar for every time i thought about you, i would start thinking about you.'
b'if i had a dollar for every time someone told me i was pretty i would have exactly one dollar thanks mom'
b"if i had my license the only thing i'd use it for is mcdonalds at 3am"
b"if i had three wishes, i'd use one for boobs. because i am pretty sure i could get everything else that i wanted if i had boobs."
b'if i had to be any kardashian sister, i would choose bruce jenner.'
b'if i had to pick one thing to do for the rest of my life it would be hitting the snooze button. i am confident i could do that forever.'
b"if i have not said something vulgar to you then we probably aren't good friends."
b'if i have to text you first every single time then we aint gonna text'
b"if i hit snooze 3 times it should automatically send an email to my boss saying i'll be out sick."
b'if i like one of your pics do not text me. saying long time not talk.'
b'if i look like i give a fuck look again'
b'if i lose trust in you i will never be able to trust you again. ive been hurt way too much before'
b"if i make you breakfast in bed, a simple'thank you ' is all i need. not all this 'how did you get in my house?' business."
b'if i am being left alone to do whatever - i will play for the rest of my life. i love goofing around too much.'
b'if i am ever murdered, i have no doubt that my chalk outline would include my phone in my hand'
b'if i am not a good enough friend for you then why did you even try to be my friend.'
b"if i am not doing school i am on my music shit and there's not really time for fun anymore besides when niggas is lit"
b'if im really into you nobody will get the same attention like you do'
b'i finally got one test out of the way and now i need to retake one more on tuesday before i can get my electronics back!'
b'i find it funny that you think i am the reason he does not want to be with you face with tears of joy'
b'i find it hard trusting people cause everyone who promised they would never leave, always did'
b"i find it offensive when cashiers look at my money like it's fake. if i knew how to counterfeit money i'd be doing wilder shit."
b'i find it very stressful that smokey thinks that i am the only one that can prevent forest fires. i do not feel trained for this!'
b'i find it weird that my advisor, upperclassmen, and my other professors have no idea who my chemistry professor is.'
b'if i punch my self and it hurts does it mean i am really strong or really weak.'
b'if i saw a ghost, i would not be scared. i\'d be like " sit your translucent ass down, i have a lot of questions! "'
b"if i say bye to you because i am mad you're not supposed to let me go"
b'if i say " it\'s a great day to be alive, " it\'s because those are literally my only plans.'
b'if i say " okay *ur name * " then just know that i officially have an attitude... or you\'ve just said something that made me mad'
b"if i send you 4 messages on 4 different topics, do not just reply to 1? this isn't a multiple choice question? do i look like a fuckin exam?"
b'if i share my food with you, that means i care.'
b'if i should die before i wake... i ask the lord my phone to erase.'
b'if i show you a picture on my phone, do not swipe left, do not swipe right. just look.'
b'if i sigh loudly enough will all of my problems go away'
b'if i sing infront of you im extremely comfortable around you cause i sound terrible as fuck lol'
b'if i stay in bed ill be warm if i get in the shower ill also be warm but the distance between the bed and the shower no that is not warm'
b'if i take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me. perfect but doing me'
b'if i texted you goodnight its your responsibility to text me first the next day'
b'if i text you all like.. " heyy smile " and you reply with " hi ", i am done taking to you'
b'if it rains on sunday im gonna brain myself bc good a concert in the pouring rain'
b"if i treated people how they treated me they'd hate me"
b'if i treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.'
b"if it's human to make mistakes i am a really good human."
b"if its the thought that counts then i've banged so many hot chicks."
b"if it's true that opposites attract, i should be looking for someone that gets up early and does important stuff all day."
b"if it takes you a long time to text me, imna times it by 2, what's the quotient? that's how i feel when i wanted a text to face with tears of joy"
b'if it takes you more than 3 words to order a drink at starbucks, we can not be friends.'
b'if it werent for alcohol how would we even know when to call our exes?'
b"if it weren't for sam adams i would have no idea what season it was."
b'if it were the other way around, i doubt that one cat would take in 80 little old ladies.'
b'if i type lol it means i blew air out my nose harder than usual do not get too excited'
b'if i unfollowed you on ig just now its bc youre posts are fucking pointless/annoying. sorry'
b"if i've learned anything from these ghost hunter shows, it's that everyone speaks english after they die."
b'if i was a marriage counselor i would just make the couple look at a dating website for 20 minutes.'
b"if i was an author, i'd go into bookstores and find the shelf with my books, randomly sign one, and put it back on the shelf to be sold."
b'if i was a teacher i would create a multiple choice test where all 30 answers are d just to fuck with the students heads.'
b"if i was doing this for you then i'd have nothing left to prove."
b'if i was ever to get married i would wear smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'if i was famous i would just knock on peoples doors and be like hello yes its me'
b'if i was famous i would start a vlog where i read fanfics about me aloud'
b"if i was in a band i'd be the one that gets ignored by fans"
b"if i was just learning english and you told me a sport called boxing takes place in a square area called a ring, i'd probably give up."
b"if i was one less lonely girl i would have a friend hold my phone i would not bring it up there, i'd want to enjoy the moment"
b'if i was stranded on a desert island and i could only bring one thing, i would bring dora. that girl has everything in that backpack.'
b"if i were a bathroom tile salesman, my pitch would be'think of how great this will look in the background of your social networking pics. '"
b"if i were a bird, you'd be the first person i'd shit on."
b"if i were a boxer i'd name my fists the brown brothers. allow me to introduce you to chris & bobby."
b'if i were a ghost i would haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they start masturbating!'
b'if i were a judge i\'d constantly say " i\'ll be the judge of that! " and also freeball under my robe and stuff.'
b"if i were an ice hauler in the belt i'd give my right arm for a good coffee."
b'if i worked at a sperm bank i would tell people " thank you, come again " when they\'re walking out just to mess with them.'
b'if kanye or kim were both drowning and you only had time to save one. what type of sandwhich would you make?'
b'i fkn hate being called my love but he makes it so cute face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"if mcdonalds really cared about america they'd put sperm-killing ingredients in all their food."
b'if my best friend hates you then i automatically hate you'
b'if my friend asks me to keep a secret, and says, " do not tell a soul, " can i still tell my ginger friend?'
b'if my " friends " post just two more scripture quotes on facebook, i will have officially read the entire bible.'
b'if my girl liked to suck dick as much as she loves to suck the fun out of things maybe we can get along'
b"if my laundry could just do itself, then that'd be awesome. bc this girl is ready for bed. sleeping face"
b'if my life was a drink it would be room temperature coke with the ice melted'
b"if my memory gets any worse i'll be able to plan my own surprise party."
b'if my mom & dad come home with no food for me. im getting money from them and going get some to eat. i refuse to eat anything else.'
b"if my name was mario i'd get into as many relationships as i can just so i could break up w/ them and say, 'it's not you, it's -a me! mario. '"
b'if my tweets offend you :1. stop being a sensitive pussy 2. fuck your feelings'
b'if no one comes from the future to stop you from doing it than how bad of a decision can it really be?'
b'if one door closes and another one opens, seek help your house is haunted.'
b"if one door closes & another door opens, you're probably in prison."
b'if only i was given a dollar for every time i made myself look stupid in front of a cute person'
b'i forget, on which side of my dinner plate am i supposed to set my phone?'
b'i forgot how great the music at the gym is.'
b'i forgot how much of a good friend you are \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i forgot i have class tomorrow and i was about to run off with a friend, looks like she'll have to wait till tomorrow. if she wit it."
b"i forgot i am allergic to raspberries and i ate raspberry fruit snacks today and now i am covered in hives but it's whatever"
b'i forgot my book at home, and now i am stuck babysitting for 9 hours with nothing to do'
b'i found a random dollar under my bed while cleaning my room last night.'
b'i found out last night that the only thing worse than waking up 3 times to pee is sleeping right through it.'
b'i found out that crossfit is a lot like reverse fight club. because the first rule of crossfit is to never shut the fu *k up about crossfit.'
b'i found the periodic table kinda fun in middle school but now that i am in chemistry i hate it with a burning passion'
b'if people could hear the next 5 seconds after i hit end on a call, i would have no friends.'
b"if people could read my mind, i'd get punched in the face a lot."
b'if people rode their spouses like they did their brakes the divorce rate would drop drastically.'
b'if people want bareback, they do not have any problems with some people love i would not want it no other way.'
b'i friggin love toronto traffic'
b'if robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money id just laugh and search with them nigga im broke'
b"if school isn't a place to sleep then home isn't the place to study."
b'if see a girl blasting music and showing oreos in her mouth before work in the parking lot, yeah thats me.'
b"if she does not remember when adam sandler was funny, she's too young for you."
b'if she fucking big brothers homies what do you call her?'
b'if she gets dressed immediately after sex, you did everything wrong.'
b'if she is still able to walk to the kitchen after sex, you do not deserve a sandwich.'
b'if she liked your status on facebook. that obviously means she wants to have sex.'
b"if she's over 6 feet. she probably has a penis twice the size as yours"
b'if somebody sends me a link to the new danny brown music video that i can watch in canada ill paypal you 5 bucks'
b'if someone acts like they do not care about you, believe them.'
b'if someone can fall asleep knowing ur crying, knowing ur hurting or did not get home safe, they do not care for you'
b"if someone could like throw me into traffic rn that'd be great bc i have a college exam i have done 0 studying for"
b'if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.'
b'if someones facebook picture is a car, should i assume that they are a transformer?'
b'if someone takes a long time to text me back.. i intentionally take a long time as well'
b'if someone tells you " it\'s better than sex " they\'re not doing the sex right.'
b'if someone texts " k ", just reply with " l am n o p q are s t you v w x y z "'
b"if someone truly wants you, they'll do anything in their power to keep you and not fuck shit up... facts"
b'if someone upsets you, write a nasty letter and file it away before you say something you might regret. then punch the person in the face.'
b"if someone wants to help me study for the ap stat test tomorrow that'll be great"
b'if someone wants to supply me with wine after work i would love you forever. i am gonna need it after this shift.'
b'if someone will do my history homework i will love you forever \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87'
b"if someone will fund it, i'll go to the rainforest and just lick stuff until i find a cool new drug."
b"if state farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog sh*t in my yard."
b'if stress was a drug, i would be high as fuck.'
b"if tetris has taught me anything it's that errors pile up and accomplishments disappear."
b'if the government shut down netflix, people would be flipping over police cars.'
b'if the ice melts before you finish your drink, we can not be friends.'
b"if the lion wasn't a coward and the scarecrow had a brain, they would have warned the tinman that he was better off without a heart."
b"if there's an emoji by your name in my phone, you're doing something right."
b'if theres anything i learned today its that the kim kardashian app is better then clash of clans... face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"if there's one thing i can not stand it's someone who's trying to talk while i am interrupting."
b'if there was a contest for the most exciting life, i would for sure win with no questions asked worried face face with tears of joy'
b"if the shampoo and conditioner in her shower are not the same brand get the hell out, she's a man!"
b'if the tigers are able to win the division it is going to be an exciting finish. please win the next 11 games and make kc cry.'
b'if the weekend made it lit... biebs made it rain'
b'if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace for at least two hours. followed by a global food shortage'
b'if the world doesnt end on december 21st, 2013, i have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on september 20th, 2013.'
b'if the world turns to shit from all this hatred i just hope i am standin hand in hand wit my love when it goes down'
b'if they actually made a drink called " haterade " i\'d probably buy it.'
b"if they put their arm in front of you when they brake really hard you know it's real"
b"if the zombie apocalypse occurs, i am finding my buddies who got to level 56 with me on cod and we're starting our running cycle."
b'if this tweet gets 5,000 rt you have to cut the top part of your hair short confetti ball'
b'if those amazon drones can really get to your house in 30 minutes then condoms are about to become their selling item.'
b'if time is money then i need to borrow a few weeks.'
b"if tonight gets anymore entertaining i really do not think i'll be able to handle it."
b'if you abuse an animal you deserve to be buried alive, they dont even understand whats happening all they try to do is make you happy'
b'if you are dead tired and sleep deprived but have a lot of homework too.. go to sleep. your health is so damn important. school can wait'
b'if you are lucky enough 2 find a cute weirdo who loves you never let them go'
b'if you cant handle the sass you cant have the ass'
b'i fucking love liars.'
b'i fuck wit anyone who fucks wit me " rt everybody doe'
b"if you could have one super power would you pick flying, invisibility, or falling asleep without questioning every decision you've ever made?"
b'if you do not get a reply i am either \xe2\x80\xa2 eating \xe2\x80\xa2 sleeping \xe2\x80\xa2 tweeting \xe2\x80\xa2 watching a tv series \xe2\x80\xa2 or i just hate you'
b'if you dont like me idc cause i dont like me either lmfao'
b'if ugliness was measured in bricks i would be the great wall of china.'
b'if you hate christmas spirit you can jingle the fuck out of my life'
b'if you leave a girl bc ur tired of " arguing " you are so stupid. you gon argue with any girl you talk too, despite how good it is in the beginning'
b'if you listen closely you can hear no one giving a shit about you'
b"if ur arguing with ur girl an you think it's just between you n her then ur obviously unaware of the demon squad groupchat bc it's 16 against 1"
b'if ur boyfriend does not sneakily touch ur butt in public then why are you dating him?'
b'if ur eyebrows and nails are fleeky you have the right to be cheeky'
b'if ur planning on going to college any time soon you need the free college interactive app on ur phone smirking face'
b'if ur sad, pet a dog and you will be ok. if ur mad, pet a dog and you will be ok. if ur happy, pet a dog and you will be happier. always pet dogs.'
b'if you are used to sleep with the tv on for background noise. you can save the money by dating a person that talks in his/her sleep.'
b'if you smoke you die if you drink you die if you eat you die if you love you die.. no matter what you die. so do whateva you want homie cuz you gon die anyways.'
b'if you think you have no time to do homework in highschool just wait until uni, i do not even have time to pee anymore'
b"if you wake me up by turning on all the lights, there's a 100% chance that i've already started planning 1000 different ways to kill you"
b'if you wanna ignore me i will ignore you twice as hard'
b'if we all end up in prison one day for illegal music downloads, i can only hope that they divide us by music genres.'
b'if we all winked, laughed out loud, stuck out our tongues and blew kisses in real life as much as we do in texts... it would be very creepy.'
b'if we are texting and you get busy let me know, do not just leave me hanging and waiting for a reply for like 20 hours! thank you'
b'if we ate cats for lunch we could consolidate something like 85% of all facebook photos.'
b'if we can teach gorillas sign language, we can definitely teach them the dance to thriller. get on it science!'
b"if we could just like not put three chapters into one test that'd be great thanks"
b'if we date just know i am gonna have like 81829922829 off guard pictures of you in my camera roll'
b"if we date you can have my phone password, read my texts, answer my phone, get on my twitter, and read my dm's. i have nothing to hide."
b"if we date you do not ever have to buy me jewelry or pink, i will love you just for picking me up ice cream while you're at the grocery store"
b"if we date you're gonna be all over my snapchat story"
b'if we go to a restaurant and have to choose between a table or a booth and you say table i will never trust you again'
b"if we're dating my entire family will help you make fun of me"
b'if we\'re friends & you\'re broke & we go out & i get hungry... we both gonna eat. i am not gonna be like " pay me back "'
b"if we're in a car and i love the song on the radio and you turn it down to tell me something, please know that i now hate you."
b"if we smash villa at weekend. people will say all's ok after all.."
b'if we start now and make the effort, we can make the world a more peaceful place. we have to try.'
b'if we used to be friends at some point do not be scared to hit me up and ask to hangout bc most likely i miss you so much and wanna see you'
b"if we used to talk & do not anymore chances are i miss the hell out of you but i've assumed that you dislike me & that's why we stopped talking"
b"if we were given the chance to be together, i'd take it in a heartbeat. no hesitation, no contemplation, no regrets."
b'if women ruled the world there would be no wars. just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.'
b"if y'all do not roast tf out each other y'all ain't really friends"
b"if you ain't never been called burnt when you was getting made fun of, you not truly dark skin."
b'if you already know someone is taken, please respect their relationship. do not be the reason they end up single.'
b'if you annoy me once the chances are i am never speaking to you again'
b'if you are living your life without giving an " f ", you are living a li [ ]e.'
b'if you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror-movie. after a while it won \xc2\x92t feel like you are alone anymore.'
b'if you are reading this, you are reading this. retweet to make someone read this too.'
b'if you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.'
b'if you are the older twin, call your little sibling 50 times a day and say " when i was your age " then describe what you did 6 minutes ago'
b'if you are the type of guy that kisses a girl on the top of the head when you hug them then you are doing it right my friend'
b'if you are waiting for the one who will truly love you, be calm, i just woke up.'
b'if you ask me a question, i say " i do not know " and you ask me again, prepare for a very ridiculous answer.'
b'if you ask me to hold your drink, i will drink it.'
b'if you ask someone out and they say no, try it again in a few minutes wearing sunglasses and smoking a cigarette.'
b'if you ask to go to the nurse the teacher literally can not say no'
b"if you ask why i am never excited about snow, it's because i have to wake up at an ungodly hour to blow it off the driveway"
b'if you can do perfect winged eyeliner every day, then you can do anything'
b'if you can make bae food without poisoning it right after a heated argument that is some deep unconditional af love lolbs'
b"if you can retweet this with your bottom lip then you're a good kisser.?! no cheating."
b'if you can not deal with my sarcasm. i can not deal with being your friend.'
b"if you can not fix it with duct tape or a martini ; it ain't worth fixing."
b'if you can not handle being talked about then you are not ready for success'
b'if you cant handle me at my worst i dont blame you neither can i'
b'if you can not handle me at my worst, then you do not deserve me at my best " literally translates to " i am a loud, sloppy drunk.'
b'if you can not laugh repeatedly on the same joke, why do you cry over and over again on the same issue?'
b'if you cheat on someone who was all about you then you are stupid as fuck'
b'if you chew on broken glass for a few minutes it starts to taste like blood.'
b'if you come up to my bedroom door and there is a sock on the door handle it means i am having sex... probably with the other sock.'
b"if you comment on your own facebook status before anyone else does, i am going to assume you're crazy."
b'if you could remind me of changing the song on my headphones, we would still be in a relationship.'
b'if you cross the street in front of my car, do not insult me with that lazy half-jog motion. sprint it out, tuck your head, and tumble-roll.'
b'if you do not enjoy what you are doing you will never be good at it. -luke parker'
b'if you do not follow me or your not tweeting the same time i am and you know what my tweets say your a stalker! up for debate weary face'
b'if you do not have anything nice to say, put it all on social networks'
b'if you do not have peace at home, something is definitely wrong. order taking care of business does not go'
b"if you do not know the difference between your and you're, your an idiot."
b'if you do not know what happened to ketchup, a fan broke in to the house 5sos was in at the time and literally stole him'
b"if you do not leave a buffet looking like someone told you bad news you did not get your money's worth."
b'if you do not text me back within a hour and try and pick up on the same conversation stop, that boat sailed a long time ago \xe2\x9b\xb5\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'if you do not use your turn signals i am gonna assume automatically that you are a douchebag in every aspect of your life.'
b'if you do not wear skinny jeans, i question your ability to lead worship.'
b'if you eat it in the car before you get home, it never existed.'
b'if you ever doubted the deep desire in your fellow man to help just ask a rhetorical question.'
b'if you ever feel like a failure, just know that somewhere in the world, someone just lost their straw inside a capri sun.'
b'if you ever feel sad in life, just watch my marriage video. " - my father'
b'if you ever feel unattractive, just remember that you look like your ancestors and all of them got laid.'
b'if you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say " in jesus name amen "'
b'if you ever want a compliment go to'
b'if you ever want someone to see two sides of an argument, call your closest they love being just and fair.'
b'if you ever want to hate yourself, click the 2008 button on your facebook timeline and read what you posted.'
b'if you fail to plan, you plan to fail'
b'if you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember... you can always change your birthday on facebook!'
b'if you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? enjoy the process of being a work in progress.'
b"if you fill a water bottle, take it into a dark room and pour the water on the floor, you've just wasted your time."
b'if you find someone who is all about you dont ever let them go'
b'if you follow me on twitter and you know me in real life just remember one thing what goes on twitter stays on twitter'
b'if you force a hocker to have sex with you is that consider rape? or shoplifting'
b'if you get a million dollars with impotency would you take it?'
b'if you get drunk and do not regret anything the next day, then something is wrong with the way you drink.'
b'if you get in a fight, and somebody yells " worldstar ". you better fight for your life. "'
b"if you get pulled over for a dui, you should get 1 chance to beat rainbow road on mario kart w/o falling off. if you can, you're free to go."
b'if you get pulled over in a smart car for speeding, you should get a standing ovation, not a ticket.'
b"if you go shopping at walmart and no one stares at you as you walk by, you're one of them."
b'if you go to dinner alone always ask for a table for two. look sad as you eat and you will almost always get a free dessert'
b'if you guys ever need anything always remember i am just an unanswered phone call away.'
b'if you hate fake ass people retweet this with your middle finger'
b"if you have a bunch of crack and the police get a search warrant to find it - that's how paper beats rock."
b'if you have a gf and a random female walks up to you just to flirt just run, i repeat run its a set up your gf is watching you'
b'if you have a problem with me, tweeting about it is an excellent idea! bc i give so many damns!'
b'if you have a stupid ex, retweet this with your middle finger'
b'if you have not said " luke i am your father, " into an oscillating fan, then we can not hang out.'
b'if you have the opportunity to tell someone you love them, do it. spread the love around.'
b"if you have to bring someone else down in order to display your confidence, you're not confident at all."
b'if you have to take 2 trips bringing in groceries, you might as well take 3. you left your balls in the car.'
b'if you have to wake me up to ask me for something, the answer is automatically " no. "'
b"if you hear someone blasting temporary fix from their car, yeah that's me."
b'if you ignore me, please do not think imma respond to you whenever you decide you want to talk. fuck that & you.'
b'if you insult harry potter i will take it very personally and probably never think of you in the same way ever again'
b'if you invite me to a party please make sure to have a cat or dog present so i have someone to hang out with.'
b'if you knock on my door and i say " yeah " it does not mean " come on in! " it means " stay where you are and state your business. "'
b'if you lie to me and i find out then you dont exist to me anymore'
b"if you lie to me, you'll never lie next to me."
b'if you like someone, set them free. if they comeback, it means nobody liked them. set them free again.'
b'if you like someone, tell them or just stalk them on every social network and cry yourself to sleep every night it\'s whatevs "'
b"if you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go screw itself."
b'if you live in a custom-built house that does not have a secret room hidden behind a fake bookcase, then seriously what is the point?'
b'if you look closely at the screen, you will notice that you are closer to the screen'
b'if you lookin for me me i am with in the lab workin tonight \xf0\x9f\x93\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5\xf0\x9f\x91\x89\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbf'
b"if you love someone, set them on fire. if they come back, it's a phoenix."
b'if you love something, let it go. if it comes back to you, tell it " i told you so " and guilt trip it into buying you expensive presents.'
b'if you need some help at home depot and are being ignored, get on one of their step ladders.'
b'if you never jumped from one couch to another to save yourself from the lava, then you did not have a childhood'
b'if you pull me on your lap there is a 101% chance i am going to make out with you.'
b"if you put a fogged window or mirror in front of a man he will draw a dick. it's science."
b'if your a redskins fan.. talking or engaging conversation about the washington redskins changing their name is a waste of time!'
b'if your camel toe looks like a elephants hoof, you might want to rethink the yoga pants.'
b"if your car is literally rattling from the fucking bass you're a douchebag"
b'if your car is making an annoying noise there is an easy solution! just open your door, and push her out.'
b'if your cat really loved you it would be a dog.'
b'if your dog gets seasick just getting near the ocean she a bay sick bitch.'
b"if you're a boy and you cry it is not dumb and you are not a pussy you're a fucking human being"
b"if you're a guy & you make an effort to post pictures of you & your girlfriend randomly or just in general i give you major props."
b'if you really do them go'
b'if you really love her, break into her house and write you name in blood on her walls like a normal person.'
b'if you really love her work through problems and do not give up'
b'if you really love someone, even if there was a million reasons to leave, you would still look for the one reason to stay.'
b'if you really want people to notice you, be a typo.'
b"if you're an adult, please do not kiss your parent on the lips, you're creeping everyone out."
b"if you're born in september, it's pretty safe to assume that your parents started their new year with a 'bang. '"
b'if youre ever attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.'
b"if you're fat and you are sitting down, there's a 100% chance your crack is showing."
b'if you\'re feeling bored, find a group photo of four girls on instagram and then comment " you three look great! " wait and grab popcorn.'
b"if you're feeling lonely, just remember that there are trillions of tiny creatures living on & in your body thinking you're their universe."
b"if you're going into highschool and cant do at least 4 pirouettes you obviously go to a fantastic studio"
b"if you're going to be a dick.. at least be a big one."
b"if you're gonna be nice, be nice to a certain extent.. stop being nice to the point where people are walking all over you"
b"if you're gonna ignore me then you should know i can do exactly the same, but even worse. like i will pretend you dont exist"
b"if you're good at something never do it for free."
b"if you're gunna make everyone sit at the light as you walk across the street at least do some cartwheels, finger pistols, twerk, something."
b"if you're happy and you know it, you're probably exhausting to be around."
b"if you're having a bad day just remember that it will get worse and you're ugly."
b"if you're mad at me please just tell me what i did wrong instead of ignoring me"
b"if you're in my then your an"
b"if you're out running in jeans, i am gonna go ahead and assume you just participated in a felony."
b"if you're riding shotgun, you're automatically on cop look-out. with great power comes great responsibility."
b"if you're single :1. you're either talking to someone 2. stuck on an ex 3. chasing someone who's taken 4. ignoring someone who wants you"
b"if you're sober, it's a police car. but if you're drunk, it's a taxi."
b"if you're stuck in a group text, one easy way to get out is to throw your phone in the ocean and start a new life."
b"if you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my a **!"
b"if you're waiting for a text from me, you'll be waiting for a long time smirking face sleeping face"
b"if you're wearing a fucking jean jacket in yo avi or any where you are literally a fuck boy lmao. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"if you're wearing socks on a wood or tiled floor & sliding is not your mode of transport then i am not sure we can be friends"
b"if you're wearing sweat pants either you just worked out or you've never worked out."
b'if your ex is still capable of changing your mood, you still have feelings for them.'
b"if your friends aren't making fun of you, they're not really your friends."
b'if your gf does not put hands on you during an argument she does not love you'
b"if your girlfriends driving you crazy? it's probably because it's the only kind of driving she's good at."
b"if your girlfriend tells you to stop talking to a girl because she knows her intentions, about 105% of the time she's right"
b"if your graduating in december you'd still have to pay 75 dollars for one semester of parking... yepp that makes sense"
b"if your mom can not find it, it's gone forever."
b'if your parent let you sleep over your boyfriend/girlfriends house or go out of state w/them... cant relate lol but must be nice'
b"if your picture isn't being used by a stranger to catfish someone, you're a nobody."
b'if your problem can not be solved by me saying " damn " and nodding a lot, then you shouldn\'t come to me for help.'
b'if your profile pic was taken over five years ago, you need to have a disclaimer.'
b'if your tweets have never offended anyone, then you tweet like a little bitch.'
b'if you say " pumpkin spice latte " in the mirror 3 times a white girl in yoga pants will appear & tell you all her favorite things about fall.'
b'if you say the word " douche " fast and repetitively, it will sound like the beat of a techno song'
b'if you scratch my back without me asking i might just might fall in love with you'
b'if you see me smiling in public it means im laughing at the jokes i tell myself in my head'
b'if you sing with me in the car imma keep you'
b'if you snapchat me and i open it but do not reply, i am not ignoring you. i just look too ugly to reply at the moment.'
b'if you spoke to someone you loved the way you speak to yourself, how long do you think would that person stick around?'
b'if you stay, stay forever. if you go, do it today. if you change, change for the better. and if you talk, make sure you mean what you say.'
b'if you tell a girl you think shes pretty in person you win'
b"if you tell me the truth, i am gonna be mad but i'll get over it. if you lie to me i am never gonna be able to trust you again. your choice"
b'if you tell me to " sit back, relax, and enjoy " i will stand up, clench every muscle in my body, and hate whatever it is you\'re about to do.'
b"if you tell me you're going to sleep and i see you 10 minutes later on twitter, i understand completely."
b'if you think about it, the movie taken is basically super mario bros but with less turtles & slightly more human trafficking.'
b"if you think a girl is pretty you should tell her because she'll probably be happy about it for like 4 days"
b'if you think i am ignoring you... i am. my phones in my hand 24/7 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'if you think meeting your girlfriends parents is hard just remember someone is going to try to date eminems daughter.'
b'if you think my room is a mess you should see my life'
b'if you think my tweets are ridiculous you should see my life choices'
b"if you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments."
b'if you think nothing is impossible, try slamming a revolving door.'
b"if you think there's nothing better than sex, you've never had a cop turn on his lights behind you and then pull over someone else."
b'if you think women are weaker, try pulling the blankets back on your side. grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'if you tickle my feet i am not responsible for what happens to your face.'
b"if you tie your hair in a ponytail every time you're about to eat a banana, you might be a slut."
b'if you treat people like shit, do not expect them to not treat you like shit too. what goes around comes around my dear.'
b"if you try to wake me up by pulling my blankets off, i'll probably kill you."
b"if you try to watch the movie titanic backwards... it's actually about a magical boat that saves people."
b"if you use some weird app to get fake likes on instagram... i literally can't. expressionless face"
b'if you use yahoo search engine, a really lonely nerd in his yahoo office frantically googles your request and then posts the results'
b"if you've ever listened to a song while looking out of the car window and have not pretend you're in a movie you're lying"
b"if you've never given yourself b12 injections, i highly recommend it. i find it kind of fun."
b"if you wake me up by turning on all the lights, there's a 100% chance that i've already started planning 10 different ways to kill you"
b"if you wake up with a chick and you dont know her name, take her to starbucks, they'll write it on the cup"
b'if you wanna meet horny singles like this. sign up on and get laid tonight'
b'if you want a perfect relationship, just watch a movie. bitch.'
b'if you want a successful relationship, find someone who likes the same thermostat setting you do.'
b"if you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done."
b'if you want to cry use a tissue, not your facebook status.'
b'if you want to feel like an asshole, try explaining a fish tank to a visitor from somalia. " this is food and water we just look at. "'
b'if you want to quit smoking, go to a sauna for 3 days in a row and youll sweat out the nicotine which will make it easier to quit.'
b"if you watch a harlem shake backwards, it's about a guy that parties longer than the rest."
b'if you watch an apple store get robbed, are you an iwitness?'
b'if you watch beauty and the beast backwards its about how falling in love will turn you into a monster.'
b"if you work different shift patterns or rotation, you'd love our scheduling app download \xe2\x9e\x9c"
b"if zombies attack the world, everyone will run and hide. except for us gamers, of course. we've been waiting for this all our lives!"
b'i gave a fuck once. it was terrible'
b"i get annoyed when my phone vibrates and it's not the person i actually want to speak to."
b'i get atb, and yet i am no ones mcm. lmfao xd'
b'i get awkward when someone compliments me and idk what to say. someone : you look good today me : happy birthday'
b'i get back from my exam later today and i have to start studying for another one tomorrow... great'
b'i get back to the dorms right when they let people back in from the fire alarm. perfect timing.'
b'i get bored during school holidays, but complain when i have to go back.'
b'i get high self esteem when a cat that hates everybody else ends up liking me'
b'i get ignored so much my name should be terms and conditions'
b"i get my : cereal from a tiger, insurance from a gecko, toilet paper from a bear, financial advice from a gorilla. it's people i do not trust."
b'i get nervous when i see others studying so much before the test.'
b"i get on twitter and y'all are talking about zesty balls. let me take my virgin ass to sleep so i can attempt to be on time tomorrow"
b'i get real annoyed when the " 30 minute workout section " machines are being used by random people'
b'i get re-pissed about a old situation whenever i have a flashback about it.'
b"i get so emotional when you're not around. that emotion is called joy."
b'i get so excited when someone brings out the cake at a birthday party because that means i can leave soon.'
b"i get so sad when people do not text me back i need attention 24/7 you can not neglect me i am basically a puppy i'll die"
b'i getting those random messages from the guy to talking to, saying how special i am grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i get to babysit mia on monday! i can not wait!'
b'i get to go to my brothers soccer game just what i wanted to do today?'
b"i get to go to my grandma's bday party instead of coronation. ha. yay. loudly crying face"
b'i get to sleep in tomorrow, how great is that?'
b"i get very annoyed when people mix up there, they're and their. from now on i am going to point it out, weather they like it or not."
b"ain't no way you did not know you were being taped i call bullshit"
b'i give a lot dawg nd ion ask for shit i am just hoping i get a blessing'
b'i give up. justin forsett has a broken right arm. he is out for the rest of the game.'
b"ignorance i see at berkeley highschool really blows my mind, but it's the world we live in these days. can not wait to say good riddance."
b"ignore me? okay that's cool, just do not be mad when i ignore you."
b'ignore the people who do not appreciate you and try giving your attention to those who deserve it.'
b'ignoring things do not make them go away, it makes them drunk dial you.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f going to bed upset'
b'i got 20 chicken nuggets 10 for me and 10 for me'
b'i got 25 assignments done today for one class and i wrote 4 papers and typed them, i am exhausted \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'i got 99 problems and 97 of them are due by the end of the week'
b'i got 99 problems and money could solve at least 73 of them'
b'i got 99 problems but im gonna take a nap and ignore them all'
b'i got all of the classes i wanted. yay. super quick ninja skills aka refreshing the page continuously until it hit 130 so i could get it done'
b'i got a perfect relationship with my bed. until this bitch called " alarm " split us up.'
b'i got asked if i want the'
b'i got asked to leave bank today. how was i suppose to know what they meant when they said " let\'s have look at your assets "'
b"i got a text! i hope it's from... oh my god, leave me alone."
b'i got a understanding that i was straight when i was dry humping girls in kindergarten'
b'i got bored in the shower today and only shaved one leg'
b'i got lazy so i only shaved one leg'
b"i got locked out of my pickup and had to pay him with my nonexistent money it's been a great day pouting face crying face"
b'i got lost in south korea once. ended up doing a lot of seoul searching.'
b'i got mad love for you girl, had so much fun w you in chemistry class, glad i can tell you anything'
b'i got my stomach by doing as many crunches as i can everyday. usually either nestle or captain.'
b'i go to a school where the students are higher than their grades'
b'i go to a school where they care more about the length of our shorts than the quality of our education'
b'i got ok classes =-= gonna be at school all day t/r good (no )'
b'i go to school were the students are higher than their grades.'
b'i got out of the shower after shaving my legs thinking it did not take very long so i was proud and then i realized i only shaved one leg.'
b'i got out of the shower and put clothes on and then realized that i only shaved one leg'
b'i got out on good behavior " really means : i snitched on someone.'
b'i got snapchat specifically so i can see your " swag " hot pocket'
b'i got some shit built up'
b'i gotta carry my phone around with me 24/7 just in case nobody texts me'
b'i gotta go in at 2 tomorrow.. im hoping this shit goes by fast'
b"i gotta wake up beaucoup early bruh. i am not excited about that part. but my cousin's wedding is about to be lit!"
b'i got the art nails going on... you know with the paint stains and dried ink on them...'
b'i got to hug kelsey lu, thank wet, and say a drunk dreamy very fangirl hello to patrick from chairlift. pretty good show tonight.'
b'i got too excited my head started hurting'
b'i got too lazy so i only shaved one leg'
b"i got two brothers and fag is the funny fun one he's not really gay i just call him fag, and he goes with it, far from gay, it's just funny face with tears of joy"
b'i got wet from the rain on my way to school im so pissed'
b'i grew out of " i never text first " phase since i realized nothing was wrong with showing someone you care about them more than your pride'
b'i guess.. " = i disagree, but i do not feel like arguing right now.'
b'i guess i am in shape because a circle is a shape'
b"i guess i should start accounting since it's due at 11.. pensive face can not wait for a 12 hour day tomorrow!"
b'i guess miley cyrus is gonna be trending all week thanks to her embarrassing performance lmao'
b'i guess my question for bernie is if he sees socialism as a distinct phase in human society or as a movement within capitalism?'
b'i guess some people can sleep through the night knowing how fucked up they are to other people. ha have a good life hoe.'
b"i guess sometimes i am just gonna be covered in hives and have no idea what's causing them"
b"i guess that's the way it goes down, love is like a miracle now."
b"i guess we could just talk never? that's cool too."
b'i had a better social life when i was like 8 years old than i do now.'
b'i had a dream that i was flirting with leonardo dicaprio and i said " whats your sign? " and he said " dicapricorn " i laughed so hard i woke up'
b'i had a kiss with a fist'
b'i had a math test today too. yay.'
b"i had an argument about if javascript is the best language and convinced myself while arguing that it's not"
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i had a nerve to get fed up and stopped paying it and mva sunt me a nice lor threatening letter weary face'
b'i had a pretty great day even with it starting out with an exploded pen face with tears of joy'
b'i had my appendix taken out as a child. they said it was useless, but based on my life since then, i am guessing it controls motivation.'
b'i had off from school today so tomorrow is friday good'
b'i had plans with 3 different people this weekend and they all canceled on me ok thanks pals'
b'i had so much fun (minus the flashbacks to chemistry )! thanks for inviting me.'
b'i had to leave my calc exam because i needed to regurgitate 2 weeks worth of food. great! looks like i better ace the final.'
b'i hate when people text me hours later, trying to continue the conversation. bitch, the feeling is gone.'
b'i have 11 dayz holidayyyyy! good how lucky am i because is uploading his cover tmo while i " am home w/out school yaya'
b'i have 3 classes standing between me and thanksgiving break. ahhhhhhhh if you can not tell... i am excited. i love being around all my family grinning face'
b'i have 3 different types of mad : when i am so mad that i cry \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x98\x92 when i am mad & snap pouting face & when i am mad & just do not speak to nobody victory hand'
b'i have 3 moods : skips every song on my ipod lets the music play without interruption plays the same song on repeat for days'
b'i have 3 types of mad : when i am so mad i cry, when i am mad and i just snap, and when i am mad and just do not wanna talk to anybody'
b'i have 4 1/2 he babysitting tonight, it has not started yet and i am already tired out of my mind good'
b'i have 4 personalities :1. when i am alone 2. when i am around friends 3. when i am around my parents 4. when i am around someone i like'
b'i have a 3 hour class & only have 24%. this should be interesting!'
b'i have a bad habit of apologizing when people fuck me over.'
b'i have a biology lab final today and i have not opened my notes, power points, or book bc i also have a physics exam good for sciences.'
b'i have a certain way with words. you might say im a cunning linguist.'
b"i have a cold & was told that vitamin c would help but i've played that graduation (friends forever ) song like 100 times & i feel worse."
b"i have a condition that prevents me from going on a diet... it's called 'hunger '"
b'i have a crap load of school to get done today and still feel shitty so this is going to go just swimmingly! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'i have a crush on you. like i want to crush you. i fucking hate you'
b'i have a cyst in my ovaries and i have a little bit of lupus. i love my life \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"i have a date tonight, with my bed. we're totally gonna sleep together"
b'i have a dinner to attend, clothes to iron and makeup that i have to at least attempt to put on. but before that, sleep comes first xd'
b"i have a doctors appointment at 12 so if i go to bed at like 6am i definitely will not be waking up for it so let's just stay up \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i have adrian peterson and rgiii on my fantasy team so you can imagine how awesome i've been lately"
b'i have a growing list of things i am going to buy when i am rich'
b'i have all classes tomorrow and a counseling appointment and my lab final on thursday but after that i have free thurdays finally so yay?'
b'i have a love-hate relationship with being up early'
b"i have always wondered what i look like from someone else's eyes."
b'i have a million dollar idea that i will share with the first million people to send me a dollar.'
b'i have an ap world test tomorrow and things are not looking great!'
b'i have an exam at 9am but thought it was great idea to go out in bolton'
b'i have an inferiority complex about my superiority complex. i know i am better than you, but i feel really bad about it.'
b"i have a problem with reading inappropriate tweets out loud cause i think they're funny but not everyone has my sense of humor"
b'i have a question " *teacher walks away* " um okay thats cool too'
b'i have a quiz in an hour. thanks " professor " for the vague expectations on how to prepare for it.'
b'i have asked that people who have a with my follow me.'
b'i have a strong desire to burn my flat down while my flatmates are sleeping.'
b'i have a test in the morning and i feel like shit. this is going to great weary face'
b'i have a very healthy eating lifestyle..'
b'i have been celibate for 4 fucking months " wow so long'
b'i have been up and down today : from hating everything because i am in pain to laughing so hard i cry. the joys of womanhood!'
b'i have been waiting for so long. i am so proud of you boys sending you lots of love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i have cute boys hit on me and i do not go for it bc i am a dumb bitch that's loyal to people that are mean to me lmao"
b"i have decided to leave my past behind me.. so if i owe you money.. i am sorry. but i've moved on."
b"i have died everyday waiting for you, darling, do not be afraid i have loved you for a thousand years, i'll love you for a thousand more."
b'i have five test tomorrow and then i go straight to work after that. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes life is great.'
b"i have had three different people pull their iv's out and walk down the hallway. blood everywhere. super fun"
b'i have homework to do and here i am laying in bed being all productive.'
b"i have just been accused of harassment (not sexual ) by the most irrational person i've ever known. it is true that i am so scary!"
b'i have just finished my research on the effect alcohol has on physical movement, the results were staggering.'
b'i have learned that pleasing everyone is impossible, but pissing everyone off is easy and fun as hell.'
b'i have like 80 pages to read & a shitload of questions to do...'
b'i have literally been laying in a towel for 25 minutes'
b'i have many talents... for example : sleeping.'
b'i have never worked with so many people who will barely talk to you.'
b'i have no motivation to do anything anymore. i wish i could just stay in bed and sleep for like two months.'
b'i have no problem texting while driving, but i will not text while going down stairs. that shits dangerous.'
b"i have no time for games in my relationships, unless by games you mean naked twister, i've always got time for that shit."
b'i have no time for stupid people but they sure do have time for me.'
b'i have not been doing any homework, can not sleep, and oh the rain messed my hair up neutral face'
b'i have not been on a date in such a long time jeez i just want cute hand holding and other dumb date stuff'
b"i have not been this disappointed since i first saw a real hedgehog and it wasn't blue."
b'i have not seen in literally forever. when i say forever, i mean a week.'
b'i have not talked to a lot of people in such a long time and i do not want to seem weird and text them out of the blue'
b'i have not tweeted a thing in forever! smh'
b'i have ocd and add, so everything must be perfect.. but not for very long.'
b'i have officially bought the first batch of halloween candies that will not make it to halloween.'
b'i have one or two passwords for everything if you figured them out you could probably take over my life.'
b'i have rather be stuck in my head... thank you very much'
b'i have so many ugly pictures of my friends purely stored for revenge'
b"i have some f 'ed up dreams"
b'i have so much fun just starring out my window'
b'i have spent a long time _____ my hair, but when i go outside the rain ruin it in one minute. (a ) doing (b )'
b'i have style i promise i am just too broke to prove it'
b'i have the best choice of friends'
b'i have the best luck'
b'i have the best taste in clothes im just too poor to prove it'
b'i have the power to make a girl from online to offline.'
b'i have the same thought when i watch horror flicks as when i watch my wedding videos. i should have known who the psycho was much sooner.'
b'i have the strange urge to wake up really early tomorrow before school and go for a run... i guess i am really excited to go on break'
b'i have the unparalleled ability to do absolutely nothing while simultaneously messing everything up.'
b'i have this disease where i am completely aware that i am annoying but i have absolutely no way to stop myself.'
b"i have this great midnight snack it's called, what do i think my roommate will not notice if i eat the edges off of"
b"i have this joke about my dick ; it's a real knee-slapper"
b'i have this problem where i do not have enough time to actually do things because i am too busy sitting on my ass doing nothing'
b"i have this problem where i am always hungry, always tired, or always stressed. someone tell me what it's like to not be at least 1 of the 3."
b'i have this really ugly thing on my face called my face'
b'i have three hours until i have to wake up and i just woke up unable to breath or move and i have a huge headache. life is good!'
b"i have time for :\xe2\x80\xa2 twitter \xe2\x80\xa2 texting \xe2\x80\xa2 eating \xe2\x80\xa2 listening to music now notice bullshit wasn't on that list."
b'i have to be rich one day because homegirl likes expensive things'
b'i have to be up in like 3. 5 hours do i attempt sleep or just not'
b'i have to get my blood drawn on tuesday and the last time i got my blood drawn i had two seizures so that should be fun'
b'i have to get up for school in 3 hours good'
b"i have to go wait at the bus stop and it's pouring rain good"
b'i have to learn to give, not because i have too much. but because i have knowing the feeling of having.'
b'i have tons of homework to do and still find time to fangirl i am awesome'
b'i have to read my comp. paper to 5 random guys at 3... i can not wait to hear their comments...'
b'i have to sleep with a blanket no matter how hot it is.'
b'i have to wake up at 3:45 tomorrow morning and i am not excited'
b'i have to wake up in 4 hours for a lab and an exam right after that and i can not sleep! good me! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i have trust issues because of the 3 days free trial websites asking me to sign up with my bank details.'
b"i have twitter. maybe i'll make friends. but probably not."
b'i have two dance styles : sober, dancing silly as a " joke " or drunk dancing with confidence, same exact moves.'
b'i have two feelings, it\'s either " i am hungry " or " i shouldn\'t have eaten this much "'
b'i have two math tests tomorrow good i am so excited i am jumping with joy'
b'i have two moods :1. everybody get the fuck away from me 2. someone come over and cuddle and watch movies with me there is no in between'
b'i have two moods : sleep is for the weak and sleeping for a week.'
b'i have two tests tomorrow and i can not sleep. woot woot unamused face disappointed face'
b'i have unlimited texting and i only text like 3 people'
b'i have went through all of my grade school years without rumors being spread and it better not start now'
b'i have yet to encounter the looming dark force everybody seems to be wary of. i think never doing so would be good.'
b"i heard brian's sneeze all the way from england is this true love i think so"
b'i heard homosexuality is illegal in the middle east, punishment for being gay is jail, where you will be surrounded by loads of other men.'
b"i heard internet addiction is now an official mental disorder and you can go to rehab for it. i am only going if there's wi -fi."
b'i heard stories today of people in paris taking strangers into their homes to keep them safe. these may be dark days, but good will triumph.'
b'i heard that one direction have been banned from having sex when on tour. they have to sleep in different bedrooms.'
b'i heard the is gonna be on in the morning i gotta set my alarm for this one'
b"i heard you're a player. nice to meet you, i am the coach."
b'works now but i missed the first half of the woody show happy'
b'you need to play with me you fag and get over your self'
b"i highly doubt and really need free samsung products. hey, maybe they'll send me a tv and a tablet."
b'i highly recommend not scheduling classes on fridays. 3 day weekends are so choice'
b'i hit a parked car today so naturally i left a note. it said " die, decepticons! die! "'
b'i honestly cant imagine myself being with someone whose parents dont like me'
b'i honestly cant wait untill highschool is over & i can go across the country to uni :(('
b"i honestly do not know who's funnier than me and amber tho"
b'i honestly feel so bad for whoever decides to marry my psycho ass one day'
b'i honestly hate people who do not leave voicemails like why did you call me i dont know no one knows'
b'i honestly regret every nap i passed up as a child'
b'i hope all of this is a dream i am having at the age of 7'
b'i hope all of yall are having a great day. if not then i am sending you all my love... \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i hope i frustrate you and you think about me a lot'
b'i hope im one of those kids who turns hot after high school and then everybody regrets not hooking up with me'
b'i hope i never have to find out who wins the " i love you more " argument'
b'i hope karma slaps you in the face before i do.'
b"i hope my future husband looks at me in the mornings how i look at my leftover pizza. ya it's looked better but it still makes my heart happy"
b"i hope nobody isn't losing any sleep over this game tonight!"
b'i hope popcorn appreciates what the microwave did for its career.'
b'i hope the nsa is concerned about how often my mother calls me.'
b"i hope they've put douglas alexander in charge of the voting system for he's a natural at dealing with these processes"
b'i hope you regret all the shit you put me through, bitch'
b'i hope your phone falls in the toilet, is worse than just saying i hate you to someone.'
b"i ignore my parents phone calls about as much as i ignore the 'check engine ' light on my car"
b"i ignore texts. i let the phone ring. it's nothing personal, but some people need to realize that sometimes i do not feel like talking"
b'i know you disappointed huh... had all your eagles lose joke pics loaded & ready. maybe next week'
b"i imagine it would feel awesome to have all of your homework that is due the next day done before bed... too bad idk what that's like"
b"i imagine when you die it's like walking outside on a sunny day after an early afternoon movie."
b'i involuntarily yell " becky look at that butt " anytime i hear someone say omg'
b'i joined the tourettes society today. it only took a minute to swear me in.'
b'i jus love wen the students be here doin they clinicals gives me time to white right pointing backhand index in peace raised fist face with tears of joy they forever bothering a nigga man weary face raised hand'
b'i just absolutely love that it takes 30/45 minutes, sometimes even an hour to get a text back!'
b'i just asked my 8 y. o. to quit yelling and he said, " i am not yelling. this is my voice and all my life i\'ve been whispering. now i am free! "'
b'i just attempted to wash a paper plate, in case you were wondering how much money i have.'
b'i just attract all the really awesome guys -_-'
b"i just be laughing like shit at these bitches like ha they love to sneak diss they soooo miserable that's why you do not have a nigga"
b'i just be putting the most bullshit ever in my papers... can not wait to get out of this sociology class.'
b'i just bombed the chapter 5 portion of my unit 4 exam ; great way to start break.'
b'i just can not stop thinking of all the people who signed my yearbooks that i have let down by failing to " stay cool "'
b"i just can not wait to see how the blm movement is portrayed in our children's history books"
b'i just did not have the staying power i should have last night. asexualreference'
b'i just do not have the brainpower for homework... i use too much of it to think of witty comments, and i can only be so awesome smiling face with sunglasses'
b"i just finished the office - i am not well - i am so sad it's like concerning how upset i am about this - i really need to reevaluate myself"
b'i just get mad when nobody say bless you when you sneeze! try holding it in'
b"i just got a 'heeeey long time no speak xx ' text, i thought they were an urban myth"
b'i just got out of the shower and realized i only shaved one leg'
b"i just got the best quiz grade i've ever gotten in college algebra."
b'i just got told that i look like mila kunis again! i get so excited because she is my girl crush! such a compliment.'
b'i just kill them with kindness'
b'i just knew i was about to eat on lunch break damn bank card at home pouting face'
b'i just like to be left alone sometimes, no i am not angry, no i am not sad. i just like to be alone'
b'i just lost my mood ring, i do not know how i feel about that.'
b'i just love allergy eyes and breakouts on the same day... unamused face'
b'i just love being blown off. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3'
b'i just love being called bai \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i just love being called & woken up at 830am, after having been asleep only an hour, & screamed at by both my parents. so fun.'
b'i just love being covered in hives head to toe'
b'i just love being ignored smile'
b'i just love being talked to any kind of way.'
b'i just love being treated like shit.'
b'i just love clinical mornings.'
b'i just love clinicals at this time of day!?'
b'i just love coming home and getting yelled at for something that i already took care of by myself'
b'i just love coming home to my house being 91 degrees smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love crying at training face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love discussing the different types of suicide this early in the morning.'
b'i just love doctors offices expressionless face'
b'i just love family arguments'
b'i just love freaking being ignored and not texted back. 3 people ignored me today 3! i love it it always makes my day.'
b'i just love geometry soo much'
b'i just love getting a play-by -play of daves life i am on snapchat'
b'i just love getting a random schedule change and not even knowing about it! smile'
b'i just love getting inside headers. beater inspection :-/ very therapeutic!'
b'i just love getting rained on while wearing white shoes expressionless face'
b'i just love getting shots'
b'i just love getting talked to like i am 5 yrs old'
b"i just love getting to work all weekend and have my plans cancled. it's just the best thing ever. smiling face with horns"
b'i just love getting up this early to go into school worry'
b'i just love getting yelled at every day smile'
b'i just love going on a long run and then coming home to spaghetti unamused face'
b'i just love hanging out with married women...'
b'i just love having grungy ass hair expressionless face'
b"i just love having my body being a little boy's personal racing track! lol expressionless face"
b'i just love having my eyes water when i sneeze'
b'i just love having nightmares and waking up 2 hours early...'
b'i just love hearing peoples opinions on things they know absolutely nothing about! angry face'
b'i just love how i can go to my friends for advice.'
b'i just love how i start wedding planning in my head only at night. i mean, who needs sleep anyways... smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love how my floor leaks when it rains!'
b'i just love how my manager thinks i could handle anything..'
b"i just love how my marketing teacher thinks it's okay that more then half of the class did not even get a 50 on the quiz expressionless face"
b'i just love how my parents invade my privacy..'
b'i just love how people try to tell me how i should feel.'
b'i just love how teachers have this magical connection with each other that makes them schedule tests in the same week.'
b"i just love how you're always there for me"
b'i just love it so much when you leave me on read \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i just love it when i dont have air in my car, and my driver's side window doesnt roll down."
b'i just love it when i use new face wash and my face breaks out in a rash'
b'i just love it when my arena lights go out when i still have 3 more horses to ride.'
b'i just love it when my brackets come off my teeth relieved face'
b'i just love it when others make decisions for me.'
b'i just love it when people do not text me back.'
b'i just love it when the lrt goes down after the hockey game. expressionless face'
b'i just love it when you sneeze and all the mascara you just put on goes under your eye expressionless face'
b'i just love living in a haunted house. neutral face'
b'i just love missing the bus!?'
b'i just love mondays unamused face'
b'i just love my friends smiling face with halo no matter what goes down i am always here for them relieved face'
b'i just love my job!'
b'i just love registering for classes'
b'i just love rumors \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'i just love school board meetings relieved face'
b'i just love sitting in traffic!'
b'i just love sleeping thru alarms and nor going to classes im paying thousandths for'
b'i just love spending lunch with myself confused face'
b'i just love the drive back to brookings'
b'i just love these kind of days...'
b'i just love the unfollow bug.'
b'i just love this new weekly thing of being wide awake every sunday night before my 9am smile'
b'i just love to wake up at 12:30 to puke... now my throat hurts face with medical mask'
b'i just love you have this guy that is 100% laid back and keeps to himself unable to shut the fuck up when hes left alone w the lizard for 5min'
b'i just love waiting at the doctors office pouting face'
b'i just love waking up being yelled at what a lovely morning'
b'i just love waking up to 16 messages, 7 snapchats, 4 miss calls!'
b'i just love waking up to a message in the morning, it just starts the day off so good tbh'
b"i just love waking up to doctors doing bloodwork or giving me new iv's"
b'i just love waking up to the sound of the band room'
b"i just love when i get emails informing me that there was a sexual assault on tech's campus"
b'i just love when i am listening to my music on shuffle and then all of a sudden u2 starts playing.'
b'i just love when my classes get canceled. now i do not have anything to do today'
b'i just love when people do not send a snap back'
b'i just love when people lie straight my face.'
b'i just love when people talk about their boring work projects at lunch.'
b"i just love when some dude in my building smokes a blunt inside since it's raining and sets off the fire alarm so we all have to go out smile"
b'i just love when you act like this smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love writing 3 page essays first thing in the morning on a monday'
b'i just need a really quick 4 min to 2 year nap'
b'i just need to get my shit together " - me in 2009/2012/this time last year/a minute ago/next year probably'
b'i just noticed that i liked almost every post of yours in instagram. i like your face too much ha'
b'i just poured a cup of water on a cat so i could tell my friends i made a pussy wet without lying. this is what my life has become.'
b'i just put new face moisturizer on and my entire face is covered in hives and swollen... happy thursday'
b"i just read last year 4, 153, 297 people got married. i do not want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number."
b'i just realized everyone in the lizzie mcguire movie are supposed to be 12.'
b'i just really really really really really really really really really really really really really really do not give a shit'
b'i just received a text to landline call. that has not happened in a long time'
b'i just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching... my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.'
b'i just saved a bunch of money on valentines day by switching to single.'
b'i just saw a disclaimer that said " do not try this at home ", so i tried it at my neighbors house.'
b'i just saw the lady from the book store who i had beef with and she would look at me!'
b'i just shaved one leg... confused face'
b'i just so love getting called into work early loudly crying face'
b'i just spent like an hour destroying my hair by curling it then realizing it looks bad so i straightened it'
b'i just started to love my teachers smile'
b'i just think polls are fun, sorry... but not really face with tears of joy'
b"i just thought i was calling it a night. covered in hives, guess i'll hit up the er real quick"
b"i just told someone that i have to pee pee. it's hard toggling back and forth between being a parent and being a dude."
b'i just took a shower and only shaved one leg.. what is wrong with me lol'
b'i just wanna be barefoot in a bikini eating some fruit on a pretty lil island'
b"i just wanna make the best with everybody. life's to short for this arguing and drama shit."
b'i just wanna sleep for 4 years and wake up with my degree and 5 billion dollars in my bank'
b'i just wanna travel the world and not have to care about anything'
b'i just want a boy to see me and go " yes " and keep thinking " yes " for a very long time'
b"i just want a girl that'll do stuff with me like bake goodies and reclaim the world from the cruel grasps of socialism and capitalism"
b'i just want clearer skin and 5 million dollars in cash'
b'i just want : nice legs long hair good friends money clothes, shoes, food, a flat stomach, a cute voice and laugh what did i do wrong'
b'i just want perfect skin and hair and teeth and body proportions and endless supplies of money and intelligence is that too much to ask for?'
b'i just want snow and twinkly lights and and my house to smell like pine trees and 25 days of christmas on abc family'
b'i just want somebody to want me lol'
b'i just want to alternate between napping and eating all day everyday while getting attention, so basically i just wish i were a dog.'
b'i just want to be famous enough to have a wikipedia page full of misinformation about me.'
b'i just want to be perfect... nah just kidding, i love being weird.'
b'i just want to be tan and be in a bikini'
b'i just want to lie in bed and not participate in life'
b'i just watched thor for the first time while doing some homework, and it was awesome. definitely one of my new favorites.'
b"i just went down to mcdonald's in harlem. i do not get what all the hype is about. this shake is pretty normal"
b'i just.. wish i could talk about the shit i think about sometimes'
b'i just wish i lived in cali so i could do crazy reckless shit w crying face'
b'i just wish once someone would call me " sir " without adding, " you\'re making a scene. "'
b'i just witness a couple fighting over a cheating situation and the male was defending himself by saying " but i wore a condom tho baby "'
b'i just woke up and im covered in hives ffs'
b'i just woke up from a 9 and a half hour sleep and i feel so good'
b'i just woke up, i love sleeeeepp!'
b'i just woke up my dog to tell her i love her and appreciate her and she just grumbled at me i still love you'
b"i just woke up to this they're so goddamn beautiful i love these angels so much"
b'i just worked the world eat hardest fucking shift with absolutely no food, have to come home to homework and dads making me do chores smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i just yelled in here ksdbsjdb i love jake'
b"i just yelled omg niall's american accent!"
b'i keep a no. 2 pencil in my pocket just in case motherfuckers wanna test me.'
b"i keep going in the fridge hoping to see some shit knowing it ain't shit i want in there"
b"i keep having to untangle my headphones after all the wild sex they've been having in my pocket"
b'i keep hitting " remind me later " for the ios update and i just realized that\'s kinda symbolic of how i generally handle life'
b'i keep making my self sneeze & i love this feeling'
b'i keep my house cold like a casino. once your inside, you get shit done.'
b"i keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die."
b'i keep to myself a lot due to the fact that no one understands.'
b'i kind of hate to mix politics and literature but this thing from is really interesting :'
b'i kiss boys to smoke with me. smile'
b'i know a couple people that owe me my time back'
b'i know fireworks like the back of where my hand used to be.'
b"i know he's going to do great on his exam (s ). sparkles"
b'i know i have a lab report due at 11:59 tonight and i am still laying in bed oh well fuck it'
b"i know i have not mentioned it lately but i've been working! did my 1st feature film over the summer &doing my 2nd this spring. details soon"
b'i know i look awful thanks for reminding me pal'
b'i know i am an adult because i just went to the bank on my lunch break and now i am tapping my foot impatiently bc i have to go back to work'
b'i know i am an adult now, but i still hold out hope that money will fall out of every card i get.'
b'i know i am insane for it, but i have literally wanted to be in a fight club since i was ten.'
b'i know i am not " a " and i am not " c "... because i know were meant to " b "'
b"i know i should respect your opinion but i find that difficult because you're a fucking idiot."
b'i know it\'s fun to say, but some ladies do not like to hear " boom pregnant! " when you finish up.'
b'i know ive matured cuz in high school i woulda quit this job already for lack of challenge & variety. totally needed a degree for this'
b'i know loving me has never been easy, i am like a wild fire that\'s hard to tame, but i want to thank you for loving me anyways " \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i know no one will remember it'
b"i know one of y'all want to make a walmart run for me this morning. because i am your favorite."
b'i know that loudly crying face only 3 years to wait expressionless face'
b'i know the latin grammys \xe2\x80\x8bare on tonight however i am going to have to read the highlights later. i have'
b'i know time has gone (still ) love you... love you... i know only you can touch my heart as sun goes down. -\xe5\xa4\x95\xe6\x97\xa5'
b"i know you've been watching porn when i step in the room and you're on the computer staring at the google home page."
b'are you expected to make a full research or just a literature review then? perspective toward body image seems to be interesting.'
b'i laugh at my own texts before i send them because i am that damn funny.'
b'i laugh because all the girls that were my " suppose friends " are all up on him. that\'s just freaking awesome.'
b'i laughed out loud at total eclipse of the heart and portrait studio.'
b'i laugh even harder when i try to explain why i am laughing.'
b'i learned all my dance moves from the paternity test episodes of maury.'
b'i learned that lions mate over 50 times a day. mostly cause if a lion decides to mate with you 50 times a day, you would not have a choice'
b'i learned that people leave. even if they have promised a thousand times that they will not'
b"i leave homework to the last day because i'll be older and therefore wiser."
b"i leave notes on people's windshields telling them i smashed their car and did an amazing job fixing it."
b'i legit was suppose to enroll into another eng class today but then i took a nap and forgot and got enrolled to tht wait list instead'
b'i lent my girlfriend ten grand to get plastic surgery, and now she left me and i do not know what she looks like.'
b"i let a jehovahs witness in my home, i sat him down and said, 'what do you have to tell me?' he said, 'i do not know, never made it this far '"
b'i let my blind friend borrow money the other day. he said he was gonna pay me back the next time he saw me... wait a minute'
b'i let the phone ring instead of rejecting the call because i do not want the person to know i am ignoring them.'
b'i like a song. i download it. i listen to it a million times and then i hate it.'
b'i like coffee that kicks you in the face in the morning.'
b'i like conversations where i do not have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally.'
b'i liked a video from book review enough bant'
b'i liked my own picture on instagram by accident. how embarrassing'
b'i liked your hair better when it was longer " cool i liked you better when you weren\'t talking'
b'i like fake smiles and'
b"i like food and sleep. if i give you my food or text you all night, you're special to me."
b'i like food more than people.'
b'i like getting ignored by people. very mature of you.'
b'i like going to chem and learning about nasa..?'
b"i like hanging out with you, even when we're not naked."
b'i like him but not everything about him sure'
b'i like holding the door for people who are far away, you know so they have to run a little.'
b'i like how everyone is tagging people on top people on top people on my ig'
b'i like how the ninja turtles wear masks. good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything'
b'i like long walks on the beach being carried by jesus.'
b"i like most people as long as they're not behind a steering wheel or a keyboard."
b'i like my coffee like i like my women, hot and a lot of alcohol in em'
b'i like my relationships like i like my eggs : over easy.'
b'i like my women like i like my weekend - short, filled with liquor and gone by monday.'
b'i like napping cause it makes me forget about my problems for a while'
b'i like people who can keep the conversation going no matter how random the topics get.'
b'i like school and love learning but is homework really necessary? like imma bs it anyway'
b"i like sex how i like a boxing match - if it's not going to last multiple rounds, then you better knock me out in the first."
b'i like sitting at central by myself'
b"i like that first site lets you know when they're gonna come show your apartment..."
b'i like that! it makes me want to vote yes!'
b'i like the internet because you can ignore people and they cant do anything about it'
b"i like the ups guy because he's a drug dealer and he does not even know it."
b'i like this time of year because, instead of getting asked " good weekend? " on monday mornings, everyone asks " so breaking bad, huh? "'
b"i like those friends that you do not have to talk to every day but you're still friends even if you go weeks without talking."
b"i like those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and it's not weird at all"
b'i like to dump skittles in the toilet and then flush it because it looks like a little tiny nascar race.'
b'i like to enjoy myself. not fucking run.'
b'i like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone " i am truly 1 of a kind davido fa'
b'i like to hide condom wrappers in my married friends pockets.'
b'i like to imagine that braille on random public signs often says : " how did you know this was here? "'
b'i like to party, and by party i mean watch netflix'
b'i like to reward myself for getting up on time by laying in bed for another 20 minutes.'
b'i like to smile at people who do not like me because i am an asshole'
b'i like to start my day by taking a shower, having some coffee and going online for 14 -16 hours.'
b'i like to take an empty krispy kreme donut box to work and sit in the break room and watch all of the disappointed faces'
b'i like to think i treat my body like a temple. a temple of doom, but a temple nonetheless.'
b'i like to walk around my house naked. until my neighbors scream at me to go back inside.'
b'i like to walk up to strangers and ask, " would you take a photo of me? " if they say yes i hand them a photo of me and walk away.'
b"i like turtles because they're so chill. they do not hurt anyone. they're just like, 'hey man, i want to swim, and maybe eat some lettuce."
b'i like turtles'
b'i like when mike does not tweet me but favorites all my tweets... cc :'
b'i like when people call me " sir ". i just wish they would not follow it up with " you\'re making a scene. "'
b'i like when we text for 2 hours and then i ask a yes/no question and you go on a hot air balloon ride for 5 days.'
b'i like when you do not text me for 4 hours then we have a 3 minute phone call.'
b'i like you, but not put my phone away while you talk to me, like you.'
b'i listen to music everyday, no matter what mood i am in.'
b'i listen to music more than i listen to my parents'
b'i listen to your prayers, but only to correct their grammar.'
b'i literally almost get in a car accident at least once a day...'
b'i literally almost passed out because i went to shower and there was a huge bug in the shower.'
b'i literally already love clinicals'
b'i literally can not deal with this weather.'
b'i literally can not remember the last time i went to bed when the clock actually said " pm " on it'
b"i literally can not wait to see live... they're my go to pandora radio 'likeyou"
b'i literally cnt sit down and watch football.. idk why i just cnt'
b"i literally cry & wipe my own tears, pick my own self back up, & keep going cause nobody is gonna rub my back & say it's gonna be ok"
b'i literally do not understand rush hour traffic. the tollway is huge. why do i just sit here?'
b'i literally get paid to do my homework at work.'
b'i literally get so turned off when guys say they want to cuddle'
b'i literally go grocery shopping to relax. nothing is more calm to me than a three hour trip to walmart.'
b'i literally had no idea what i was doing on those exams. but i managed to pass 2/4 ap tests this year with little to no studying!'
b'i literally had the worst day omg'
b"i literally had to delete more than 50% of my apps, and multiple msg threads bc ios8 required so much freakin ' space."
b'i literally have more guys hit on me then girls'
b'i literally have no idea what im gonna do if i dont end up rich'
b"i literally just about killed myself falling down stairs and it's just 9:30 am... grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i literally just ate 1/4 of a pan of brownies...'
b'i literally just cried tears of happiness because i never have to go to guitar class ever again smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i literally just shaved one leg and then got annoyed and stopped'
b"i literally just want to throw up at couples tweets. like we get it, you're in a relationship."
b"i literally just washed my hair and this damn rain just soaked my hair again. great. now it's gonna be so frizzy disappointed face"
b'i literally keep finding myself singing anaconda out loud'
b'i literally look 10x uglier when i remove the make up'
b'i literally miss you sm face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'i literally need 39 points between luck & sproles tonight to win...'
b'i literally notice the smallest change in how people treat me and i overthink myself into thinking everyone hates me'
b'i literally sat in my bed all night stareing at my wall crying and slept for maybe 20 minutes'
b'i literally shaved one leg and forgot to shave the other oops'
b'i literally study 5 minutes before class.'
b'i literally tell people not to sit by me in this class cause i hate them...'
b'i literally think i wrote 200 full, top to bottom, notecards in less than 2 hours last night. \xe2\x9c\x8f\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x93\xa5\xf0\x9f\x93\xa4'
b'i literally told you to go away the first time, and you still continue to try to find me and talk to me.'
b'i literally took 20 mins to forgive out how to download a photo from my phone then attach it to an email face with tears of joy'
b'i literally wear leggings every day.'
b'i live for 5 hour practices'
b'i live in a town everyone claims to hate, yet they never leave.'
b'i live in fear that my death will somehow be connected to the opening of a pressurized pillsbury cinnamon roll container.'
b'i live right along the hess secondary school road and i would never do that shit.. they prob still wet the bed man'
b'i\'ll always be here. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i'll be burger king and you'll be mcdonalds, i'll be doing it my way and you'll be lovin ' it."
b"i'll be excited about shopping in the beginning but after a while i get bored & my body start hurting & shit face with tears of joy"
b'i\'ll be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again ".'
b"i'll be there in a second i just gotta finish writing this letter of apology to a club owner for tearing up his dance floor last night"
b'ill b nice for once ion wanna see a message from her mom threatening to get a restraining order on me'
b"i'll come home and there would be no food in the fridge face with tears of joy"
b"i'll cry at my wedding because it's a miracle it's happening."
b'i love when you " take a day off " to get work done and then you take a break from getting work done'
b"i'll fuckin wreck you in baseball"
b"i'll give someone my right arm for tssf tickets for petaluma tonight :-)))))) i am trying to get murdered in the pit"
b"i'll go to that theme park if you go. but we have 4 years to wait and see. :o )"
b'illinois (finally ) has legalized medical cannabis use - or'
b"i'll just eat a few then i'll put them away"
b"i'll just have 2!"
b"i'll kill you with kisses... and kindness!"
b"i'll make an attempt to sleep. as i've said attempt."
b"i'll never understand why british people lose their accent when they sing."
b"i'll only hit on a beautiful woman if she drives a sh*tty car. because then it's obvious that she's made several other poor life choices."
b'ill prolly be back on in like a half hour but i really need to focus on homework good i love school :))'
b"i'll start cleaning my room at 8:30"
b'i\'ll start studying at 5... " weary face'
b"i'll stop being sarcastic when you stop being a stupid fuck."
b"i'll stop dressing in black when they invent a darker color"
b"i'll take it, man. way too much to do to complain about more time."
b'i look at people sometimes and think, " that\'s the sperm that won, really? "'
b"i looked at the keyboard earlier and i noticed 'u ' &'i ' are together, it's meant to be! then i looked underneath it & it said jk"
b'i look forward to driving in this fog... for an hour.'
b"i look like a straight up bitch in my passport photo lol it's beautiful"
b'i look really good without makeup...'
b'i look so weird, the fcking rain ruined my face and hair, i still do not know how i handled the moment and did not cry'
b'i looooove having no air conditioning!'
b'i looooove when people are rude to me.'
b'i loooveeee when people text back... unamused face'
b"i lose all respect for myself when i bite my own tongue. i've been chewing for decades, how did i manage to f *ck that up?"
b'i lost aj green and jamaal charles from the same team on sunday, maybe my tight end puts up 40 points'
b'i lost my balance on an escalator and fell down the stairs for 2 hours.'
b"i lost my umbrella and it's pouring good"
b'i lost my virginity to soulja boys " kiss me though the phone ".'
b'i love 1d but i gotta get some sleep i love myself more than waiting up when i can watch this tomorrow'
b'i love 8 am classss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f expressionless face unamused face sleeping face'
b'i love a day off, but the unbelievable boredom is killing me.'
b'i love after school naps, but i can not stand being wide awake around this time unamused face'
b'i love a good sneeze'
b'i love a good trilogy but am confused about this one : clash of the titans, wrath of the titans and remember the titans'
b'i love allergy season and long classes and dying'
b'i love all nighters for school so so much i totally do not need sleep!'
b'i love allstate and people who ca ny drive and rental cars and insurance and chatham parkway toyota they make my f! cking day'
b'i love and crave mcds 24/7 but after i eat it i wanna puke'
b"i love ashton's tummy but i hate geometry"
b'i love asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because i am still looking for ideas.'
b'i love asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up... cause, you know... i am still looking for ideas'
b'i love a " you ain\'t going anywhere till we fix this " type of person'
b'i love awkward situation good'
b'i love barstow, but he gives so much homework'
b'i love bc when i was taking a shower she came in shut the light off & shut the door \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being able to not fall asleep!'
b'i love being a puzzle'
b'i love being a second option!'
b'i love being a senior'
b'i love being born on christmas!'
b'i love being by myself and being left alone'
b'i love being called a fuckboy'
b'i love being called a hoe and prostitute by my dad ((((:'
b'i love being called a spaz for just asking a question.'
b'i love being called " babe " & " baby " weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called " babe " it\'s just so sweet'
b'i love being called babe, wow'
b'i love being called baby and falling asleep on the phone and getting random paragraphs ugh smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called baby girl or baby smiling face with heart shaped eyes makes me feel some typa way'
b'i love being called baby girl, princess, beautiful & my love smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called baby more than anything'
b'i love being called baby smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d... only by my nigga tho lol'
b'i love being called " baby " or babygirl " weary face'
b'i love being called beautiful loudly crying face'
b"i love being called beautiful y'all i be about to cry. this girl looked me in my eyes and said that shit. i just laid my head on her boobs loudly crying face"
b'i love being called bud'
b'i love being called cute it makes me warm and fuzzy inside'
b'i love being called " daddy "'
b'i love being called princess but i think being called princesa is just tiny bit better lol'
b'i love being called princess, it makes me so happy.'
b'i love being called shordy'
b'i love being close to home and having an apartment so if i want to be left alone i can make a quick drive'
b'i love being excluded'
b'i love being ignored. especially by you.'
b'i love being ignored'
b'i love being left alone at home so i can clean the house my way without anyone bothering me smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being left alone but i hate feeling lonely.'
b'i love being left alone!'
b'i love being lied to.'
b'i love being mixed race sad'
b'i love being on campus on my day off from school'
b'i love being second choice'
b'i love being second choice to all my friends and being left out whilst they all make plans together ((:'
b'i love being sick and having to work anyway'
b'i love being sick weary face'
b'i love being single smile'
b'i love being stranded in my car during this storm. good study time tho \xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being tackled at practice twice...'
b'i love being talked about behind my back that just means i aint got alot of ugly people acting like they care bout me'
b'i love being talked about, good or bad it lets me know i am doing something great.'
b'i love being talked down to'
b'i love being talked down upon \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f unamused face'
b'i love being talked over no please keep interrupting smile'
b'i love being talked shit about just shows people care'
b'i love being talked to like a dog!'
b'i love being talked to like i am an idiot smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being talked to like i am a three year old. expressionless face'
b'i love being talked to like i am stupid! it really brightens my day!'
b'i love being talked to like that loudly crying face'
b'i love being the first to make plans with people.'
b'i love being the only girl in class...'
b'i love being up early because all the hooligans are still in school or asleep lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e'
b'i love being up early enough for breakfast & coffee \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i love being up early enough for mcdonald's breakfast"
b'i love being up early. i can sit and look outside while drinking a cup of coffee \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being up early. i feel so productive lol'
b'i love being up early, i get so much shit accomplished in one day.'
b'i love being up early i hate getting out of bed'
b'i love being up early. i just hate waking up early.'
b'i love being up early in the morning i just do not like getting up early in the morning'
b"i love being up early in the morning. like i hate it for about half an hour but then it's really nice"
b'i love being up early in the morning now. i am so productive and i feel so normal. see you later'
b'i love being up early & not being tired'
b'i love being up early on saturday morning smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i love being up early on saturday when i was a kid it was cartoons i am an adult it's now power block all cars and trucks all morning face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i love being up early on weekends tbh'
b'i love being up early! " said someone whose favorite band is probably nickelback.'
b'i love being up early'
b'i love being up early, watching the sun rise.'
b'i love being up early when i actually have things to do'
b'i love being wide awake at 12:30 at night'
b'i love being wide awake at 1 am and not being able to fall back asleep... oh wait'
b'~i love being wide awake at 3:00am ~'
b'i love being wide awake at 3am with no one to talk to i really do'
b'i love being wide awake at 4 am'
b'i love being wide awake at 5 am when i have an exam in 4 hours.'
b'i love being wide awake at this time grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being wide awake since 4am on my day off.'
b'i love being wide awake w no one to talk to smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being woken up for no reason when i barely got sleep the night before.'
b'i love being woken up'
b'i love being yelled at and questioned all because i decided to take a nap confused face smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love being yelled at while stressing over university :):):)'
b'i love blasting rap aka " ghetto poetry " at my works parking lot and yelling uhh yeah its lit shawty got a donk bros n \' hoes with some doe'
b'i love blurry pictures of people on adventures because they wanted to record the moment but were having too much fun to take a good photo'
b'i love burning my fingers on toast'
b'i love buying new things but i hate spending money'
b'i love cancelled classes time to decorate 4 christmas early!'
b"i love catching people smiling at their phones because is it a cute text? is it porn? who knows, but i am glad you're happy!"
b'i love chocolate milk. just had a big ole glass. but as an adult i have developed an allergy to milk. face with medical mask'
b'i love cleaning as soon as i wake up.'
b'i love clinicals, but being able to turn off my 4am alarm for the rest of the semester feels pretty nice. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love clinicals but getting up at 5:15 kills me'
b'i love clinicals but i hate getting up so early!'
b'i love college! except for the homework, exams, and late night studying.'
b'i love college smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love college tho so it's okay. like i even love the homework flushed face"
b'i love coming home in agonizing pain and getting yelled at bc i left work. unamused face'
b"i love coming home just to get yelled at it's gonna be a fun break."
b'i love coming home smelling like good old deli meat!'
b'i love coming home to 5 years of homework'
b'i love coming hone after a long ass day at clinicals to screaming, crying, yelling, and slamming of the doors. it helps me so much'
b'i love coming into work and nothing is done.'
b"i love coming up here and seeing entrenched in various arguments. it's very entertaining. grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i love cuddling almost as much as i love money lmao'
b'i love dance class... pensive face'
b"i love darks night but i also love hot weather so i think i need to find both so i'll just move abroad"
b'i loved love getting up doing acoustic songs and stuff with my dancers. " -'
b'i love her work is amazing'
b'i love detroit!'
b'i love dogs so damn much like what did we do to deserve such beautiful sensitive little happy creatures'
b'i love doing 20 sprints in 103 degree weather'
b'i love doing 90 and 100 yard sprints just for warmups in football.'
b'i love doing economics first thing in the morning'
b"i love doing homework it's so chill right guys"
b'i love doing laundry'
b"i love doing nothing. it's my favorite thing to do."
b"i love doing pharmaceutical! it's so much better then clinicals smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i love doing stupid things with my friends. best memories ever.'
b'i love driving in the rain and almost rear ending a corvette smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love dry humping my pillow cxx'
b'i love dying in the middle of a practice exam, low blood sugars a fun diabetic thing'
b'i love ending my shift with a tip from a range rover face savouring delicious food'
b'i love english so much i would rather take a million english classes than 1 math class bye'
b'i love evening clinicals because i get to wake up, eat breakfast, then go back to bed until noon. relieved face'
b'i love everybody. some i love to be around, some i love to avoid, and others i would love to punch in the face!'
b'i love every single thing about this video weary face'
b'i love exercise classes on the beach. smiling face with horns'
b'i love falling asleep for 10 minutes and then being wide awake at 2 in the morning'
b"i love farran living in my house he's like a cat that makes ya peppermint tea and celebrates getting over his allergy by eating nuts all day"
b'i love feeling important to people like wow that means so much to me thank you god bless'
b'i love feeling like a second choice'
b"i love feeling like i am being lied to. it's my faaaaaav!"
b'i love feeling my son move but at night, it feels so weird. especially when i am tryna sleep weary face'
b'i love fighting with the one i love'
b"i love finding money in my clothes, it's like a gift to me from me"
b"i love flu, you can sneeze on people's face whom you hate"
b'i love food so much i literally think, " this is gonna be a shame to puke up later... " when i am sick.'
b'i love formatting dates in php.'
b'i love friday morning practices?'
b'i love fridays smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes 2 classes done before 12 start at 10 thank god'
b'i love front row seats to arguments'
b'i love getting harassed by the doctors who crippled my back'
b'i love getting home at 11 and still having to study and do homework unamused face'
b'i love getting home just in time to go to bed smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love getting ignored'
b'i love getting invited to stylehaul events that are always in calfornia smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes especially since i dont live in california smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes its so great'
b'i love getting off at work at 6 to come stand in a walmart line for a hour'
b'i love getting out of class at 1 everyday so i can have time not to do any homework'
b'i love getting to navarre just in time to see an awesome waterspout!'
b'i love getting up early but i love staying up late and i fucking love my sleep'
b'i love getting yelled at about money'
b'i love getting yelled at by people while i am at work'
b'i love getting yelled at for being drunk by a drunk hah'
b'i love getting yelled at for something i did not do smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love getting yelled at. i swear that turn me on so much. loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love getting yelled at. it's the best feeling. guess children do everything wrong"
b'i love getting yelled at. not'
b"i love girls who compliment other girls. too many girls thinking it's a competition these days. it's nice to be nice."
b'i love giving to my family and friends but i wish i had tons of money to buy that shit with'
b'i love god, and i am proud to say that.'
b'i love going into work at 4:30 in the morning'
b"i love going to bed at 2 and getting up at 730 it's so great"
b'i love going to bed at 4 then being wide awake at 8 smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love going to school all day then going right to work to work a 6 hour shift smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love going to schoolf for 7 hours then working a 7 hour shift for 3 days strait every week grinning face with smiling eyes weary face'
b'i love going to the gym at this time'
b'i love guys who love to stir up shit then want to play the victims after.'
b'i love/hate my work schedule.. love getting out at 3pm... hate waking up at 6am'
b'i love having 3 days off of work smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love having a brother who never texts me back about niece or how he is doing!'
b'i love having a car that does not run unamused face'
b'i love having allergies'
b'i love having a runny nose... no really, this is just what i wanted?'
b'i love having awful nightmares, waking up and being like oh its just a dream, then falling back a sleep only to have the same nightmare ;;;'
b'i love having my gender invalidated and my pronouns ignored and being called a name that makes me feel sick to hear :))))'
b'i love having nothing to do'
b"i love having perpetually swollen ankles. it's awesome"
b'i love having stains on my hotel bed'
b'i love having swollen cheeks! unamused face'
b'i love having tests monday morning at 8am.'
b'i love having the worst sore throat ever'
b'i love having to tweet stuff for classes'
b"i love having us history with buenafe. he's such a great person and teacher. favorite history class hands down can not wait for more!"
b'i love having writers block and a speech due tomorrow morning smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love hearing frank puke his brains out last night'
b"i love hearing sneeze it's so adorable"
b"i love hearing things about me that i did not know and aren't true!"
b'i love him so kych im so excited im tonna puke'
b'i love homework'
b'i love hot showers. i get yelled at because the bathroom be steaming face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love how 2 of the most disrespectful girls on the team are captains! just love it smile'
b'i love how alcohol can provide clarity and blurriness at the same time.'
b'i love how all dads think there doctors'
b'i love how all your tweets and instas are so original'
b'i love how as soon as the sun goes down everybody in my neighborhood meets up & we all just chill'
b'i love how bruised my foot is. lol'
b'i love how derek carr is even being talked about, getting compared to cam, we really are blessed wit a good qb'
b'i love how doctors keep on asking if there really is no way of my queer existence being pregnant'
b"i love how doctors looked at my foot and couldn't tell what's wrong & dad took one look and said i definitely have a torn ligament."
b"i love how even though i left people still keep me up to date with all the shit that goes down in clinton face with tears of joy face with tears of joy y'all are batshit crazy"
b'i love how everyone stopped texting me back unamused face'
b'i love how everything back fires. expressionless face'
b'i love how every time i come home the first thing my mom says to me is something bitchy & rude. nice to fuckin see you too.'
b'i love how happy everyone is today smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love how hypocritical he is face with tears of joy'
b'i love how i can always rely on my homework to keep me up late smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love how i can pull all nighters not bc i want to but bc my body physically does not let me sleep'
b'i love how i got a runny nose and all over night and i am still dealing with it confounded face unamused face'
b'i love how i got so pissed yesterday that i had to take a breathing treatment because it screwed up my breathing... unamused face'
b"i love how i have 22 days left before i go to the army and every single day i've been working at my farm. so glad i get some free time."
b'i love how i have so much energy when i want to go to bed.'
b"i love how i am just being told to mix medications know as doctors experiment because they have no clue what's wrong with me"
b'i love how is out tomorrow & my wifi decided to stop working. unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'i love how it took my parents almost 17 years to realize that i need to be left alone when i am upset'
b"i love how jj watt's comments are being ignored and dalton's response is being talked about more"
b"i love how most of the arguments are with nina. she's just a bitch."
b'i love how my " day off " consists of a ton of yard work smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love how my parents did not cry today because they are happy that i graduated and want me to leave already.'
b'i love how my phone facetimes random ppl whenever it wants...'
b"i love how my thursday's & friday's of classes link together so well that every week feels like a four day weekend. face with tears of joy"
b'i love how no ones texted me back about algebra'
b"i love how people in my school think it's a joke that someone wants to get involved in charity."
b'i love how people just do not react if you text them questions. makes life easy.'
b'i love how people say they\'re " expecting " a baby, as though it might be something else, like a penguin.'
b'i love how sick this heat makes me smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love how the iphone tells you when someone read your text'
b'i love how they just expect me to show up 15 minutes late every time i work third shift smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"i love how they're takin his side over mine tonight"
b'i love how tina can not pick up my calls or reply to my texts but she can like my instagram picture!'
b'i love how we get so mad when we are about to sneeze and then it goes away'
b'i love how when i text billy to ask him a question he does not even answer me.'
b'i love how when my soap runs out in the shower, my shampoo magically transforms into body wash.'
b'i love how you lied to me instead of telling me the truth.'
b'i love how you made an effort to text me today. but what ever.'
b'i love & i mean absolutely l o v e being called babygirl smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love in pretty woman when she shows that mean saleslady she's not a whore by getting the rich guy she's blowing to buy clothes for her"
b'i love it bc the entire earth is woke to ksoo like you get so many fanaccounts of people who dont even stan kpop and theyre all like/who dis/'
b'i love it how the commercials blare so loudly that i have to turn my volume down, but the sound for the game is so-so.'
b'i love it so much when you do that'
b'i love it went i do not procrastinate and it still takes until 11 pm to finish my work'
b'i love it when a lot of people always change plans on me..'
b'i love it whenever my brother gets up and turns on all the lights'
b'i love it when i buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put chips in it.'
b'i love it when i get hit in the face during gym smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love it when i have zero messages..'
b"i love it when i look at you and you're already staring."
b'i love it when i am in public and people stare at me because i am on crutches... unamused face angry face'
b'i love it when i am wearing shorts and i have two cats in my lap and then the fighter planes go over.'
b'i love it when i send her something about tfios... she obviously loves it too...'
b'i love it when i sleep through my alarm and i am late for work!'
b'i love it when i spill stuff on my crotch while driving right before i am about to get out of the car'
b"i love it when it's dead quiet and i sneeze loud enough to be heard in the next county"
b'i love it when i write a discussion post and it does not submit so i get to start over and try to remember what i said.'
b'i love it when jack surprises me with a day off tomorrow smiling face with horns'
b'i love it when kids sneeze in my face'
b'i love it when my alarm does not go off face with cold sweat'
b'i love it when my cat spills a whole glass of water on my vanity while i am trying to get ready'
b'i love it when my dog pees on my bed... what a nice morning surprise no entry sign'
b'i love it when my husband gets hot head and then takes an hour to get home bc he had to stop to talk to people'
b'i love it when my plans never fully happen! it is just the best thing ever'
b'i love it when my tumblr dashboard is filled with grey boxes. saya. fifth on singingbee'
b'i love it when people drive by my house and either blast their music, or rev their engine.'
b'i love it when people help themselves to my stuff.. unamused face'
b'i love it when people put up pictures one by one on facebook.'
b'i love it when people start rumors about me'
b'i love it when people tell me that life was better before they met me neutral face'
b'i love it when people think i care and i dont face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9'
b'i love it when people try to hurt my feelings bc i don \xc2\x92t have any lol'
b'i love it when smart people do stupid shit.'
b'i love it when someones laugh is funnier than the joke'
b'i love it when the bus smells like cat piss and dirty laundry!'
b'i love it when this happens'
b'i love it when we have a 3am drive to the airport.'
b'i love it when you put your hand in my face while you sleep smile'
b"i love it when you're doing math homework and the problems are nothing like the ones you've done in class"
b'i love it when you wash your vehicle in 5 minutes later a bug splatters all over yiur windshield. gosh i love that shit.'
b'i love i work a bs job after classes at a gas station and watch these people use their welfare ebt cards for junk food... junk food'
b'i love just being out aside'
b'i love kissing & understanding my homework'
b'i love la because you can leave 2 hours before work and get caught in a shutdown freeway and show up 30 minutes late -__-'
b'i love learning about new or past things in sacred geometry'
b'i love learning, but lately it feels like my learning has only been guided in the direction of passing classes, not furthering my knowledge'
b'i love love love being second choice.'
b'i love love love that i am getting sick...'
b"i love make up but i couldn't see myself getting up & putting it on everyday unless i was a celebrity lol."
b'i love making other people happy it makes me happy seeing other people happy'
b'i love making people who already hate me hate me even more.'
b'i love math i hate geometry \xe2\x9c\x85\xe2\x9c\x94'
b"i love me! gonna love myself no i ain't got nobody else!"
b"i love men that apologize and do not know why they've upset you in the first place, makes me smile to know you listened and adjusted"
b'i love me some petty drama.'
b'i love metal bat beating the shit outta monsters one minute, being yelled by his sister for missing her recital the next hes so precious'
b'i love micca and liegha, but i am always stuck babysitting'
b'i love missing the bus and getting grounded the same fucking day justin fucking bieber comes'
b'i love missing the bus by 0. 000001 seconds and having to wait 10 minutes in the freezing cold'
b'i love missing the bus'
b"i love missing the bus when it's raining a volume equivalent to the weight of 17 double decker buses"
b'i love monday mornings at work!'
b'i love mondays because then i get to go to class'
b"i love monday's!"
b"i love mrs co's meditation classes bc i just slept in the pitch black for an hour and a half omg wow"
b'i love my baby puke yellow jersey said no one ever.'
b'i love my clients age range cause one hour i am teaching a little girl how to write her name & the next i am teaching a highschooler geometry.'
b'i love my friends cause if one person goes down we all go down together'
b"i love my friends so much! i know who's there for me when shit goes down \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i love my grade in photojournalism...'
b"i love my hair, i love it in all states, although it's only 3. face with tears of joy after the wash just left alone, blow dried, or pressed."
b'i love my really i do.'
b'i love my job just hate getting up early'
b'i love my job.. like not many people out there can wake up and genuinely say that they love getting up and getting on with their job'
b'i love my job once i am there but fuck, the thought if getting up and going is rough'
b'i love my landlords...'
b'i love my lil life, might not be much to you but dammit it goes down in my life. smirking face'
b"i love my mom. no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because i know, at the end, she'll always be there."
b'i love my relationship with my bed. no commitment needed. we just sleep together every night.'
b'i love my relief job. i just hate doing shift and group notes weary face'
b'i love my schedule fr i hate the evening shift like, i have to get through with that shit'
b'i love myself because i just yelled " yes daddy " while justin was talking. i couldn\'t help myself.'
b'i love my shift managers so so so very much'
b"i love my toilet. we've been through a lot of shit together."
b'i love noise people'
b'i love no sleep anguished face'
b'i love not being able to take the classes i want to take.'
b'i love not being able to walk!'
b'i love not feeling good at parties'
b'i love not getting a reply'
b'i love not having classes on fridays'
b'i love not having classes on thursdays and having a short day on fridays'
b'i love not having word on my computer its great, i can open up everything on blackboard.'
b'i love not working nights anymore smiling face with sunglasses'
b'i love one direction " well i love mcdonald\'s but you do not see me making an account pretending to be a chicken nugget, do you?'
b'i love parking across campus and walking in the rain smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love people that copy everything i do?'
b'i love people who are uglier than me ha wait'
b'i love people who can get along with anyone with no drama'
b'i love people who text back instantly'
b'i love periods! the cramps are so much fun i puke everywhere smile'
b'i love peter capaldis acting omg that speech is so emotional and i feel the twelfth doctors pain'
b'i love peter gabriel & how he makes me not do my homework'
b'i love plans that never happen.. need to find something to do!'
b'i love pop quizzes \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5'
b'i love ppl who quote scripture while tweeting obnoxious, selfish, idiotic junk'
b'i love ppl who understand unnecessary fights/arguments and are able to drop it as quickly as i can. sleep on it, then forget the next day.'
b"i love puking because i am in pain. it's really fun."
b'i love seeing some of the straw man arguments some of the panel members make is a good laugh.'
b'i love random calls from sneeze'
b'i love reading about people who got sexually mutilated...'
b'i love reading arguments with ignorant white people. they always resort to " if you do not like it here go back to your country "'
b'i love reading political arguments on facebook face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love rting beyonce instead of doing homework'
b'i love rumors. i always find out amazing things about myself that i never knew about.'
b'i love rushing around pensive face'
b'i love sap!'
b'i love scaring kids.'
b'i love school cri lol'
b'i love school life i just hate the annoying teachers fake friends too much homework and waking up in the morning.'
b'i love school'
b'i love seeing all these " ready for college " tweets. really? you\'re ready to be broke and tired and hungry? no you are not.'
b'i love seeing middle schoolers tweet " school has me so stressed " and then " i can not wait for highschool " like hahhaha is that a joke'
b'i love seeing people i lost contact with happy & doing well. i truly hope they touch the lives of people around them like they touched mine'
b"i love seeing peoples reaction when you start treating them the way they've been treating you."
b'i love seeing the newest big sean track on my feed.'
b'i love seeing the way mingyu sneeze'
b'i love setting my hours at 6am b/c this is the only time in the day where i am left alone & i can properly plan out how to change my life.'
b'i love sharing two washing machines and two dryers with 74 girls...'
b'i love ships, but riding in them makes me puke.'
b'i love shoveling out tons of money for new tires on my car.'
b'i love sitting alone in class'
b'i love sleep because its like a time machine to breakfast.'
b'i love sleeping alone, can not have someone all up in my space'
b'i love sleeping, but i never want to go to bed early.'
b'i love sleeping by myself!'
b"i love snow... just not too much of it. unless it's enough to get me a paid day off work lol"
b'i love spending on supplements!'
b'i love spending countless hours at the doctors smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love spending my whole day off doing homework'
b"i love spending the night with because it's basically just practice for when we move in together"
b'i love taking naps on my day off sleeping face'
b'i love talking to you but you will not catch me losing sleep over you not texting me because i did not kiss your ass enough open hands sign'
b'i love teachers that are jerks to you for no reason a whatsoever'
b'i love teams who park the bus against us.'
b'i love that classmate who argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class.'
b'i love that doctors make house visits in argentina. last time i saw that in the us was on an episode of little house on the prairie.'
b'i love that feeling when you listen to an old song and you do not even have to think about the lyrics they just kinda come out'
b'i love that finding the online readings i am supposed to do for my class is like the worlds hardest scavenger hunt. pouting face'
b'i love that fog where you can not see 4 feet in front of you.'
b'i love that im wide awake with him sound asleep next to me'
b'i love that comments are literally being talked about on just about every outlet worldwide. listen daily at tazshow. com'
b"i love that pappadeaux let's me get off work around traffic hour."
b'i love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up'
b'i love that thing you do when you read my text and do not reply..'
b'i love the blue on blue & puke on puke colors the teams are representing tonight!'
b"i love the classes on it's the best way to learn new skills. click the link for a free month :"
b'i love the colorful bandaids doctors give you when you get a shot'
b'i love the fact my neighbors decided to move all their furniture at this time at night'
b'i love the fact that 96. 5 plays danza kuduro in the morning. it makes me feel better about being up early'
b'i love the fact that everyone just dies off at like 10:20pm and i am left alone without anyone to talk to. anyone care to talk? ;-;'
b'i love the fact that unc football is being talked about nationally'
b'i love the fact that you can spend your day off taking selfies and hanging out with your boyfriend instead of with your kids'
b'i love the fa to that townies can come protest on campus freely'
b'i love the feeling i get when i finish all my homework smile'
b'i love the feeling when someone cancels plans that you did not want to attend anyways.'
b'i love the flexibility of a freelance lifestyle. i get to chose which 40 hours a week i am not working! (the'
b'i love their arguments honestly face with tears of joy'
b'i love them and all but i am gonna puke disgusting face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i love the manners of people today...'
b'i love them for their cuteness but sometime i sneeze because of them ha :3'
b'i love them niggas that aint scared to work a 9 to 5 face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b"i love the people who talk about being up early, well while you're sleeping i am working!"
b'i love the presidential fitness test!'
b'i love these cats so much, i have them pinned on my door'
b'i love the sight of media trucks rolling up to campus on a friday morning'
b'i love the sound you make when you shut the fuck up'
b'i love the way her booty goes down like the economy'
b'i love the way you lie'
b'i love this argument! end this stupid relationship. get back to command now.'
b'i love this big sean verse " - nobody'
b'i love this game ; but roleplaying seems dead sad am i missing something? via/r/fallout'
b'i love this guy. perfect way to spend a day off mid-week.'
b'i love this little girl so much i miss her i can not wait til my next day off just so i can see her'
b'i love this oscillating fan, 5 out of every 15 seconds.'
b'i love this sleeping pattern, its so good. not only do i miss all my classes, but i also dont eat properly and become depressed! perfect.'
b'i love this song so much, our next single is jet black heart.'
b'i love those days at work when your shift goes by super fast'
b"i love those friends who you do not have to talk to everyday, but when you do talk it's easy and comfortable no matter how long you've been apart"
b'i love those memories that randomly pop into my head and have me smiling like an idiot for ages'
b'i love those new lincoln commercials with matthew mcconaughey driving in the dark and muttering nonsense to himself.'
b'i love those nights were everything runs through your head'
b'i love those people who make me happy when i feel like trash. yall are amazing. god bless you two hearts'
b'i love those people who stay up till 12:00am to be the first to wish you a happy birthday'
b"i love those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and it's not weird at all"
b'i love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.'
b"i love thursdays because it's my day off, but i hate it cause i am always being so lazy throughout the day"
b'i love to do housework in the nude. unfortunately for the neighbours, today i am roofing.'
b'i love to enjoy the special things in life : babies... puppies... and drinking tequila until i puke.'
b'i love to entertain people so much. some are annoyed by it. their argument is that i am trying to be the center of attention. of course i am!'
b'i love to get yelled at for doing nothing other than just exist'
b'she yelled at me while i was boiling water'
b'i love tripping on peoples shit in the morning smile'
b'i love trying to go to bed at 9:30 and still being wide awake two and a half hours later.'
b'i love waiting for at the doctors for 40 minutes and still not being seen smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love waiting for cast lists. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love waiting for the bus'
b'i love waiting in long lines for a parking permit'
b'i love waiting.'
b'i love waiting to exhale'
b"i love waking to everyone being rude to me. today's gonna be fantastic"
b'i love waking up after like 8 hours of sleeping and then being talked to like i am shit'
b'i love waking up and seeing this before work.'
b'i love waking up at 4 for clinicals smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat better be holding some cute god damn babies today'
b'i love waking up at 6 every morning unamused face'
b'i love waking up at 7 on a day off'
b'i love waking up early for doctors appointments'
b'i love waking up in the middle of the night to cramps.'
b'i love waking up late and almost missing the bus'
b'i love waking up late'
b'i love waking up the the smell of weed in the morning'
b'i love waking up to a dog sneeze in the face'
b'i love waking up to shit like that. today is already not starting off good.'
b'i love waking up with my eye swollen shut smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love waking up with my whole right side of my face swollen.'
b'i love waking with my eye swollen shut smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love walking from wilson all the way to dodge'
b'i love walking in the rain to class. \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love walking into work and seeing this in my desk at least i will not be bored'
b'i love walking to school smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love watching 2 people make out in class... \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'i love watching all my classes and clinicals full up'
b'i love watching arguments in the replies of a popular tweet'
b'i love watching botched mainly bc the doctors are soo funny. like seeing their reaction when the girl said she drained her own neck lmaoo'
b'i love watching someone trying to act cool, and miserably failing.'
b'i love watching the sun rise. i do not love being up early enough to do it.'
b"i love wearing sweatpants on the regular for school, or scrubs for clinicals, but there's times where i want to wear real clothes"
b'i love when 5 cop cars come flying by my house, makes me feel like i live in a good neighborhood smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when classes are short and get cancelled, but then again, i am paying for each class now soooooo grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love when colombia gets mentioned in my classes like yeah thats my country'
b'i love when drama goes down in class'
b'i love when every just assumes shit is try, instead of just asking about it'
b'i love when everyone just assumes things are true, instead of asking me about it'
b'i love when facebook is slow!'
b'i love when google autofills my stupid questions, cause it means other people have the same stupid questions'
b'i love when guys call me " my girl "... like " how\'s my girl? " i am freaking good. i am freaking way good. call me that again.'
b'i love when i am an hour late.'
b'i love when i do absolutely nothing wrong and still feel guilty when i get yelled at.'
b'i love when i go to do my math homework to see that my teacher changed the due date!'
b"i love when i have just as much homework over break as i do during the school year it's awesome"
b'i love when i have not talked to someone in a long time & they randomly text me \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when i make people smile like wow i did that'
b'i love when i am doing dishes at work & the water spills all over me, its the best.'
b'i love when i miss the bus by 1 minute smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love when i am running late and other drivers want to drive the speed limit!'
b'i love when i see people using the elevator at the gym?'
b'i love when i sneeze idk why lmao'
b'i love when i sneeze right after i put on mascara'
b"i love when it's 10:30 at night and you get left alone to lock up how lovely is that"
b'i love when i wake up and go to take a shower and there is no hot water'
b'i love when john (my trainer ) says his favorite part of the day is trying to get me to puke face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love when jonas wakes me up from a nap smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when math teachers put question marks on my tests cause i am just like yeah same'
b'i love when money was taken from my account and i have no idea where it went.'
b'i love when my a/c decides to start making high pitch screeching noises in the middle of the night. did not scare me at all'
b'i love when my backpack gets wet at school cause some idiot awesome'
b'i love when my geometry teacher grades my test right in front of me to tell me who bad i did smile'
b'i love when my hip hurts'
b"i love when my kids fight with each other the entire time they're getting ready for school in the morning!"
b'i love when my mum gives me a day off for a 42 degree day smile'
b'i love when my mum looks like dino when she just woke up from taking a nap " - paula'
b'i love when my neighbors upstairs stomp like elephants, crank up their music, and scream at each other \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when my night can go from to in one swift move.'
b'i love when my phone does not charge at night!'
b'i love when my retainers are super tight and make me talk so attractively!'
b'i love when my ribs are out of place and it hurts to breathe. weary face loudly crying face'
b'i love when my stepdad hurts my feelings and makes me cry and does not even care.. unamused face'
b'i love when my sunburn is so bad and the aloe on my back dries and i put a shirt on and my shirt sticks to my back wow the best feeling'
b'i love when nobody answers me.'
b"i love when npwireless goes down and its's immediately all over twitter"
b'i love when our plans get cancelled bt ur weed plans never do'
b'i love when people apologize to me about their rooms being dirt\xd2\xaf i am just like lmao \xd2\xafou should see m\xd2\xaf life'
b'i love when people ask to throw up the pitchfork. so much fun working at the lil saints practice tonight!'
b"i love when people ask 'what time does town close on a thursday?' as if there's a massive shutter that goes down at 9pm face with tears of joy"
b'i love when people come and pay in all coins.'
b'i love when people favorite a tweet but dont retweet'
b"i love when people i do not know call me out on stuff, it let's me know at least i am doing snorting worth being called out on for"
b'i love when people ignore me smile'
b'i love when people lie to my face.'
b'i love when people mess with my office'
b'i love when people open my snapchat and do not answer smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when people run their mouth about something they know nothing about. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when people say : " i do not complain, but... " yes.. please tell me how you do not but will complain in the same sentence.'
b'i love when people see others doing something cool, and then they start copying them.'
b"i love when people tell me things upfront instead of doing it behind my back like yea it'll hurt my feelings now but if i find out later.. \xf0\x9f\x96\x95\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc"
b'i love when people unfollow me bc i voice my own personal opinion on my own fucking account. makes sense'
b'i love when phil & bosco scream my name in the halls'
b'i love when somebody posts a selfie and nobody likes it'
b"i love when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke"
b'i love when the 40 year olds i work with go home sick with a sore throat and need me to cover their shift'
b"i love when the sun goes down, it's too sunny all the time."
b'i love when they get yelled at'
b'i love when twitter follows people for me...'
b"i love when you just naturally click with someone. talking every day all day. no forced laughs, conversations, attention. it's rare tho"
b'i love when we have a sub in geometry. no work'
b'i love when you ignore me...'
b"i love when your dog poops in the house and it's the liquidity green type and then you proceed to puke on top of it!"
b'i love winning arguments lol. makes me feel gud inside even though i hate arguing. wow logic'
b'i love winter but at the same time getting up early in the morning is the toughest task of the day... crying face'
b'i love working at a doctors office'
b'i love working at concerts but i hate fan girls cmon now... have you never met a celebrity before?'
b'i love working hard, i love the grind'
b'i love working in sydney river it makes me want to go to work so much more!'
b'i love working midnights'
b'i love working night shift.'
b'i love working night shifts'
b'i love work'
b'i love writing arguments'
b"i love writing lyrics, it's my main skill i use in music college. i wrote most lyrics for our classes first song."
b'i love you in a bipolar way because i hate you.'
b'i love you is 8 letters long. then again so is bullshit.'
b'i love you but i do not have to like you right now. i need the hiatus to process.'
b'i love your hair. " " thank you, i grew it myself.'
b'i luuuuuuuuuv not having a phone'
b'i luuuuuuv getting attention like yes tell me how cute i am and how much you love me'
b"i luv when pretty girls call me pretty like bitch tf you too smile let's be friends"
b'ily but youre a bitch foo anyways glad i met you this year i love your personality'
b"i am 0 -2 in all 3 of my leagues. i couldn't bring myself to beat my pastor"
b'im 99. 9% sure im the ugly friend'
b'ima be like " hi im paul, i enjoy long walks on the beach and most definitely not the tennessee titans "'
b"i am a bi-polar tweeter. one day i'll tweet a lot, the next day i'll barely tweet at all."
b"i am a brat & i get mad over the dumbest shit but i can take real good care of you & show you what it's like to be cared for"
b'i am a broke bitch. but yet work two jobs over 50 hours a week and make well over minimum wage at both... sounds right.'
b'i am absolutely exhausted but this was 1 of the best nights of my life. thank you so much for being so rad you never disappoint.'
b'ima call you " jose " cause you believe everything " these hoes say "'
b'thank god for im a celebrity, now more than ever do we all need an injection of fun. thanks everyone. its fun to laugh.'
b'i am actually really nice, until you annoy me'
b'i am actually really worried that nobody will ever fall in love with me.'
b'i am actually real pissed about the fact that i only shaved one leg, fack'
b'i made a fallout 4 joke in lab tonight and now half my students think i am the coolest prof ever.'
b"i made a promise w my classmate, if school ends early tomorrow, we'll go to kpop store good"
b'i made fun of royston and then immediately burnt my finger... my finger feels like harvey dent b'
b'i made it through the school day without melting into a puddle! good'
b'i made the super awesome decision not to take notes in calc today and well now i can not do my homework'
b'im a different person at 2am than what i am at 2pm'
b'i am a dyslexic agnostic insomniac, i am awake all night wondering if there really is a dog.'
b"i am a feisty latina not going to lie yeah i try not to be but it's in my nature"
b'i am afraid when i meet god, he will sneeze and i will not know what to say.'
b'imagine a boy praying to god that he gets to marry you'
b'imagine alicia keys complaining in a super market " this milk is expiiiiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeeeedd "'
b'imagine all the amazing places you could take naps if you were superman.'
b'imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they argue with random people in celebrities instagram comments'
b'imagine going to sleep at a decent time and feeling rested in the morning'
b'imagine having a teacher named alejandro and whenever he calls on you, just be like : " do not call my name, do not call my name, alejandro. "'
b'imagine how awesome life would be if you could be allergic to homework.'
b'imagine how different your life would be if you said literally everything that came to your mind.'
b'imagine how freaked out the first human must of been on the first sneeze.'
b'imagine how short church would be if busta rhymes was the preacher.'
b'imagine if drake and taylor swift were in a relationship and then broke up'
b'imagine if women posted comments on dude\'s facebook/instagram pics the way men do on women\'s. " ur crotch bulge looks great! hmu sometime "'
b'imagine if you called the wrong number and the person who answered was a celebrity. " hello " " mom? " " no. this is morgan freeman "'
b'imagine life waking up to this every morning!'
b'imagine someone actually givin a fuck? about ur day? and your feelings? imagine someone giving a fuck about you?'
b'imagine this : you\'re home alone and you sneeze. suddenly the phone rings and you answer, then someone whispers " bless you " and hangs up'
b'imagine waking up next to the person you love every morning.?'
b'imagine : you\'re home alone and you sneeze. suddenly the phone rings and when you answer... someone whispers " bless you " and hangs up.'
b'i make some pretty epic faces when i play soccer ha'
b'i make sure that i sleep in until at least noon every day, that way i never have to worry about morning breath.'
b'i am a lazy texter. i read a text and i forget to even reply.? if i text you 24/7 then you must be special.'
b"i am a lazy texter. unless you're cute or i like you."
b"i am a leader. not a follower. unless it's a dark place, then fuck that shit you're going first."
b'i am allergic to daim bars but i love them so much that i used to eat them and then throw them up (bc allergy ) like nearly weekly'
b"i am allergic to dogs however i love them so much i am willing to just take allergy medicine. i guess that's why i have 2 of them lol."
b'i am allergic to the soap we use at chipotle and my arms are covered in hives like 24/7'
b'i am almost 24, but i am still hoping for one last wave of puberty to hit and make me hot.'
b'i am almost certain the upstairs neighbors currently have a mix of cows, horses, and elephants stomping around and for that you are the worst'
b'i am a love machine & i will not work for nobody but you winking face'
b'i am already gonna be late so i might as well just sleep for another half hour'
b'im always assuming shit... but 9 times out of 10 im always right lol'
b'i am always being forced at work to do things i am not qualified for... like being nice to others.'
b'i am always frank with my sexual partners. do not want them knowing my real name.'
b'im always hungry angry or tired theres no in between'
b'i am always looking forward to class.'
b"i am always low key upset when men who dress themselves well end up being out of shape. like in a suit they're a dime but a naked 4."
b'i am always so proud of myself for not scheduling classes on thursdays or fridays because i love sleep'
b'i am always stuck babysitting smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am amanda and i love sebastian more than i love the thought of burning my geometry book'
b'i am amazed at how far guys will go to try to make me jealous. my ex is married now with 3 kids -- i see right through that.'
b'i managed to buy wholesale without a wholesale license today. fake it till you make it! and yoga pants.'
b'i am an amazing cuddler. i am not nationally ranked or anything but i dominate the local circuits.'
b'i am a passionate supporter of things that do not inconvenience me or require any type of action or physical effort'
b'i am arguing, like " what kind of doctor can we fly in?! ". you know the best medicine go to people that\'s paid'
b'i married a fucking h *pkins. but in my case literally rt k*tie h *pkins.'
b'i am a smart person, i just do stupid things.'
b'i am assuming greek yogurt is just regular yogurt but with way more hair.'
b'candy would be great, as would sleep. i will attempt to do both.'
b'i am a teenager. my music will tell you a lot more about me than my mouth ever could.'
b'i am a teenager why does my back hurt i am not 70 years old'
b'i am at my most awesome when automatic doors open at the very last second, and i do not look worried at all.'
b"i am at my most vulnerable when i am trying to figure out the sensitivity of the hot/cold knobs of someone else's shower"
b'im at school and i didnt blow dry my hair noooo ppl are gonna see me with wet hair'
b'i am at that awkward age where half my friends are in love and having babies and the other half are too drunk to even find their phones.'
b"im at that point where i dont care about what happens to some people anymore. ya'll dont even appreciate me why should i"
b"i am at that point where i do not even care if people like me anymore. if you like me, cool. if you don't, okay."
b'i am attracted to people i have no chance of being with.'
b'i am attracted to you in the weirdest way... " wow, thanks for the fucked up compliment.'
b'i am awake when you all are! go me! really'
b'i am awkward when people compliment me. " nice hair " me : thanks, i grew it myself'
b"i may act like i am sassy but if you're mean to me there is a 900% chance i'll cry"
b'i may be ugly but my taste in music is better than yours'
b'i may have bad skin but my music taste is perfect'
b"i may look calm, but in my head i've already killed you 3 times, and hide the body."
b"i may look like i have it all together but i am only wearing this wedding dress because it's laundry day."
b'i may look like im listening to music but really i have my volume on zero and im listening to everyones conversations'
b'i may not be perfect, but at least i am not fake.'
b'i may not be right but atleast i won the argument " - my gf'
b'i may not have a boyfriend but at least my box dinners tell me i have a family of 4.'
b'im back from school its pretty late my teachers had only good things to tell my mother. too bad it was raining so im wet sad'
b'i am back to being shitty and awkward again good'
b'i am beautiful'
b'i am beginning to think that i buy bananas just to watch them die a slow death in my kitchen.'
b'only do you help but you entertain also! you give a lot to the gaming world'
b'i am cold and tired and just wanna snuggle up in my covers but no. i have a 4 chapter test to study for hahahahahahaha good college'
b'im cold upset sore and hungry, gr8 day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i am comfortable with you when : - i am weird with you - i sing whatever song comes into my mind - i say what's on my mind - i talk nonsense."
b'i am constantly torn between being a good person or a sarcastic little prick.'
b'i am covered in hives and have no idea why somebody help.'
b'i am covered in hives loudly crying face'
b'i am crazy and i am ruthless.'
b'im crying my sister pulled up with my mom at my school to pick me up blasting ah yeah it made mt day im laugjing'
b'i am currently exhausted and look like shit... good for being called into work...'
b"i am currently making some changes in my life. if you do not hear from me anymore then you're probably one of them."
b'im currently studying chemistry for fun since when did i become this brown'
b'i am currently wearing cowboy boots & shorts & a nike jacket'
b'im dead ass sleep & the fire alarm going off, i went to go see what happen & the whole 3rd floor floor is flooded & its raining in our rooms'
b'i am doing a follow spree right now so like or retweet this if you want me to follow you back friends \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd'
b'i am doing great today thanks for asking \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am doing nothing, and it feels great... smile'
b'im doing nothing but drawing su great'
b"i am done arguing with you guys. like i said i d have chris paul bringing up the ball for me every game.. cuz he's the best"
b'i am done being a good friend to those who do not deserve it.'
b'i am done getting my hopes up. pensive face'
b"i am done losing sleep over someone who's sleeping with somebody else"
b'i am done with my graduate school applications so i may just sit on the floor and cry tears of joy'
b'i am drinking for evolution, so that my children will have a stronger liver.'
b'i am dropping my new single its called stressed out featuring me.'
b'i mean come on who would not wish they were here rather then in this shit weather crying face crying face crying face'
b'i mean great news always come at the right time smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i mean i just love eating alone'
b'i mean... i am in love but those kind of messages on facebook make me wanna puke.'
b"i mean it's not like i've been a british citizen from birth and now just want to get my daughter a passport"
b'i mean not having a phone is kinda relaxin..'
b"i mean who does not love seeing the hatred in someone's eyes as they look at you"
b'im eating una sopa huevona right now and watching cupcake wars... loving life...'
b'i am ending my summer off great sitting inside all day doing nothing? lol'
b'i am excited for two hot guys hurting themselves and seeing & react? what is not to love!'
b'im failing algebra and geometry love myself'
b"i am feeling really burnt out emotional today and it's not fun"
b'i am feeling worse every hour such a great time to get sick! am i right?!'
b'i am feelin super special right about now :-))'
b'i am fucked up thanks i know mom'
b'i am getting back to england on the same morning that school starts...'
b'i am getting my phone tmrw after school good'
b'i am getting off of twitter for a long time. if you need me, just text or call. thanks. just got too much on my mind.'
b"i am getting pissed if there's no food when i come home lol"
b'i am giving out poison dart frogs for christmas i hope the ppl i give them to become stiff with joy'
b"i am glad asher killed that bitch. i've been over her since the beginning of the season"
b'i am glad banterra answers their 800 number.'
b'im glad dogs cant read the " no dogs allowed " signs so they dont feel sad & left out'
b'i am glad every bitch that use to fw my baby terrified a me so ion got play them ex games lbfs face with tears of joy'
b'i am glad everyone in my house is in such a great mood..'
b"i am glad her ass is dead. good. that's what happens when you pry bitch"
b'i am glad i do not fuck with a lot if hoes i use to life so peaceful'
b'i am glad i got this bitch of my mind.'
b'im glad i pay a shit ton of money to come to this school and do absolutely nothing all day.'
b'i am glad i still get fire drill notifications from jessup.'
b'i am glad i still get the text message and phone call for jessups fire drills.'
b"i am glad it's 6 am and i am just going to bed. thank you freshmen."
b"i am glad katrina died praise be to the witnesses... bitch was taking up abbie's time slot on to season 3 i go."
b'im glad my friends talk to me...'
b'i am glad my pets missed me while i was gone!'
b"i am glad pathophysiology isn't one of those important classes that the professor needs to show up for."
b'i am glad people can not see how i have them saved in my phone. contact names like, " do not answer " and " douchebag " and " owes me ".'
b"i am glad school taught me the pythagorean theorem instead of how to do my taxes. it's come in really handy this pythagorean theorem season"
b'im glad sinclair bitch ass dead'
b'i am glad so many ppl have visited me in edmond \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am glad that bitch dead. she was so aggy'
b'i am glad the quiz questions correspond with the chapter'
b'i am glad they killed that prosecutor bitch tbh'
b'im glad this bitch leaving for the weekend'
b"i am glad we'll be at two different events i would hate to have too throw my drink on a bitch relieved face"
b'im going back...'
b"i am going on a 2 week streak of no homework and it's pretty awesome"
b'i am going to attempt to sleep now. good night'
b"i am going to be an awesome college student because i've already perfected the staying up late to read and do homework part"
b"im going to bed bc im tired and im excited bc it's eva's and michael's birthday tomorrow good"
b"i am going to bed but i know my european peeps are just getting up... so here's my love yourself cover video! love ya!"
b"i am going to bed if i do not wake up for handwritten revisited i'll get it tomorrow morning but know i am super excited"
b"im going to bed im excited to see michael's tweets + the boys ' tweets to michael for his bday when i wake up goodnight"
b'i am going to bed ".. really means.. " i am going to lie on my bed and be on my phone.'
b"i am going to bed with my hair soaking wet. this isn't gonna be good"
b'i am going to be so late on getting ios 8'
b'im going to be working 10 days in a row without a day off until thanksgiving.'
b'i am going to change my name on facebook to " benefits " so that when you add me, it will say, " you are now friends with benefits. "'
b'i am going to clean my house today... and by cleaning, i mean drinking beer and spraying everything with febreze.'
b"i am going to cry because i am going to miss so much when he's gone... loudly crying face face with tears of joy"
b'i am going to hit my head against a wall while hoping this idiot gets killed off soon. is certainly getting me to react to it.'
b'i am going to invent " tanning "!'
b'i am going to miss watching the sunrises when i do not have my early class anymore'
b'i am going to name my dog curiosity and see what my cat loving friends think about that.'
b'i am going to puke i love her'
b'im going to school with wet nails ihms'
b'i am going to sleep now but i am excited to see where oaoa will be in the charts when i wake up'
b'i am going to start responding to videos people post of their babies on facebook with videos of me getting nine hours of sleep'
b'i am going to start wearing a whistle around my neck, so i can call penalties on people who piss me off.'
b'i am gone make it happen but i got 2 years to wait'
b'i am gonna attempt to sleep now ok ok ok'
b'i am gonna complete the assignments, project, prepare for the test tomorrow " crush : hi " stupid college, who cares i am a thug'
b'i am gonna go stand outside. so if anybody asks, you can just say i am outstanding!'
b'i am gonna just take a quick nap before i go to bed.'
b'i am gonna kick your ass you freaky girl!'
b'im gonna like ur selfie even if you didnt like mine to show whos the better person'
b'i am gonna look ridiculous at school tomorrow, i can not wait smile'
b'im gonna loveeee waking up at 5am everyday for schoollll'
b'i am gonna love you like nobody loves you'
b'i am gonna make you mine, " i whisper as i right click & save image as.'
b'i am gonna name my kid " karma ", so when they grow up they\'d be justified in every wrong thing they do to you!'
b'i am gonna stay up and watch the great gatsby bc priorities and then bomb my algebra iii test tomorrow morning \xc2\xaf\\_ (\xe3\x83\x84 )_/\xc2\xaf'
b"i am gonna strap a snowblower on my roof and start driving south. when someone asks me what it is, that's where i am gonna live."
b'i am gonna swing from the chandelier tommorow'
b'i am gonna wear this shirt that shows 3/4 of my boobs. then i am gonna call you a pervert for looking " - girl logic'
b'i am gracie! i got lazy in the shower and only shaved one leg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i am having a lot of adventure type of dreams/nightmare lately. i do not know if i consider them bad dreams or not because i somehow enjoy it.'
b'i am having a problem in call of duty, i go to the menu and... ok by now the girls have stopped reading this, anyone know any good porn sites?'
b'i am having thanksgiving with my mom & she knows literally everything about me so no awkward questions from family good'
b'i am here on twitter because my family is on facebook.'
b'i am his favourite'
b'im home alone for two days which means not going to school, masturbating, eating whatever i want, blasting mitam in two days hell yeah'
b'im home the rain fucked up my hair'
b'i am honestly so excited to fall asleep next to her on saturday and wake up next to her on sunday'
b'i am hoping he drops that shit before the end of the year because rp2 will not get dropped till next year'
b'i am hoping its because of pms but at the same time i am not because i reeeeallly will not be ready to deal with this shit every month'
b'im hoping to hit 5k followers one day weary face'
b'i am hungry i am tired i need to pee. yay.'
b'i might be fake but at least i never turned on gabriella to impress my basketball team worry'
b'i might be ugly but i used to be uglier believe it or not'
b'i might get home at a decent hour'
b'i might go to sleep now bc ive just really stressed myself accidentally using most of my data in the first half hour of it getting refreshed'
b"i might look calm, but in my head i've punched you in the face three times."
b'i might not have classes on fridays next quarter'
b'i might puke i love this so much'
b'i might seem really sassy but if ur mean to me i might cry'
b'i am " i had to change the channel to 3 to play video games " years old.'
b"i am in a long distance relationship. my girlfriend's in the future."
b'i am in a really good mood so no one piss me off thanks'
b'i am in a relationship with sleep and i get some every night... and if i am lucky i get some during the day.'
b'i am in love with everything you do, from how your smile forms on your face, to how it frowns when you see me leaving for work, just everything'
b'i am in love with i feel like i am doing my own cooking classes without having to share my space & food with strangers.'
b'im in need of a hug and 5 billion dollars in cash'
b'i am in such a great mood today.'
b'i am in this really great habit of screwing up my right hand/ wrist...'
b"i miss being able to slam my phone down when i hang up on somebody... violently pressing 'end call ' just does not do it for me"
b'i miss being a child with no worries or stress in the world'
b'i miss being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.'
b'i miss being a little kid... you fall asleep on the couch and magically transfer to your bed.'
b'i miss being called shasha.. one reason why i love being around my aunt'
b'i miss driving late at night with the windows down, music blasting and wind blowing through my hair. yeah, i miss that.'
b'i miss flip phones bc if you were pissed off you would just be like bye bitch and close that shit'
b'i miss flip phones because at the end of a conversation you could always dramatically close them like, bitch whatever.'
b'i miss having a body pain because of working out ; ff to summer pls \xf0\x9f\x8f\x8b\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6'
b'i miss having a flip phone like when i was done with someone i could just close it like bitch whatever'
b'i miss jersey shore so much. someone bring it back.'
b'i miss my boyfriend too much for someone who sees him every day lol'
b'i miss my fiance. crying face i hate that he works all day, but i love when he comes home to me after his shift with so many kisses and cuddles smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b'i miss : \xe2\x9d\x92 my old friends \xe2\x9d\x92 being happy \xe2\x9d\x92 the person you used to be \xe2\x9d\x92 the good times \xe2\x9d\x92 my childhood heavy check mark all of the above.'
b'i miss my phone like a prostitute misses her virginity.'
b'i miss and working w her and summer :((((('
b'i miss seeing your name show up on my phone.'
b'i miss the days when homework was just... coloring.'
b'i miss the screech of a connecting modem remember these 10 tech terms?'
b'i miss when i was little i did not care about my weight, clothes, or hair i just did what made me happy.'
b'i miss you a lot more than i realized. things keep happening and i always find myself wishing i could tell you about them.'
b'i miss you cutie. even though i would fight you everyday in geometry you really made the day better. much love princess'
b"i miss you... just kidding, i am glad you're out of my life and you can go fuck yourself bitch"
b'i miss you'
b'i miss you, not the " i have not seen you in a while " kind of miss you, but the " i wish you were here at this very moment " kind of miss you'
b'spider web i miss you too fag, your name is still jb on my phone loudly crying face we need to play some soccer together \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am " i wish you kids would stop with the fireworks, i have to work tomorrow " years old'
b'im jealous of people who can have fun colored hair and look good'
b'i am juss hoping do not nobody be of that piece of paper shit saturday'
b'i am just a few smartphone apps away from never having to talk to anyone again.'
b'i am just a fucked up person, thanks for reminding me'
b"i am just a girl, standing in front of a self-checkout, screaming that there's no unexpected item in the bagging area."
b'i am just a man standing in front of a woman, who is standing in front of another man who is in front of another woman in line at taco bell.'
b'i am just a needy piece of shit that needs constant reassurance that i am wanted'
b"i am just a simple man, spreading the message that you can use two pancakes to make a sandwich. am i a prophet? that's for history to decide."
b"i am just a yearnin ' for some learnin '"
b'i am just fucked up in the head thanks to my past'
b'i am just having the greatest luck tonight'
b'i am just having the most greatest day...'
b'im just waiting for the day that our upstairs neighbors fall through our ceiling, sounds like a heard of elephants up there face with tears of joy unamused face'
b'i am kind-of hoping that i legitimately feel like shit enough to not be able to attend, just so i do not have to deal with her.'
b'i am learning how to let things go, one throat at a time.'
b'i am leaving for maybe a long time? so if you want to text me, dm me your imessage'
b'i am legit disappointed with some of fans & nation smh the homie passed out & you worried about b. s & talking shit not squared cool'
b'i am like a finger in your a**. i am either a pleasant surprise, or i make everything awkward and uncomfortable.'
b'i am like an iphone. i lose energy without doing anything.?'
b'i am like so jealous right now! face with tears of joy raised hand'
b'i am literally covered in hives & my parents are still like " go to school ur fine "'
b'i am literally exhausted and i have one class left why me'
b"i am literally my own best friend. i have inside jokes with myself, and sometimes i'll start laughing out loud at how funny i am."
b'i am literally not ready for a relationship bc i am a huge slut. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i am literally running around the house and doing pushups and jumping jacks trying to make myself tired.'
b'i am literally so awkward lol good'
b'i am literally so out of shape like internet explorer could probably run faster then me.'
b'i am lookin mighty fine this morning... face with tears of joy'
b"i am losing a ton of sleep to watch this why couldn't they have picked fans that actually weren't dumb af for once"
b'i am losing sleep cause i can not ignore feeling your touch all around... (\xe2\x99\xaa)'
b"im losing sleep for this and all they're talking about is the god damned potato why"
b"i am losing sleep just thinking of you sleeping face but i feel like it's fine \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i am losing sleep over this band i am not ok with this'
b'im loving you back on gmb! an injection of fun in the mornings, amid the gloom.. long stay please piers smile xx'
b"i am lying i'll be sleep in the next half hour once i really lay down face with tears of joy"
b'i am mad when i got off work today i came home to a fucked up ass living room thanks to erin unamused face'
b'i am marrying the guy that will dance w me around the kitchen in the refrigerator light at 2 am'
b'immature = a word boring people use to describe fun people smile'
b'imma write this boy a manual on my preferences before he snapchats me like a fuckboy again'
b'i am missing form tomorrow to take my grandad to a hospital appointment what a thrilling life i lead'
b"i am moody like squidward. sometimes selfish like mr. crabs. a bit dumb like patrick. but i'll be there for you like spongebob."
b'i am more afraid of leaving my phone unlocked around my family than i am of dying'
b'i am more confused than rick ross with a bowl of salad'
b'i am more of a " the glass is half shattered into a million tiny pieces " person.'
b'i am multi talented, i can talk and piss you off at the same time.'
b"i am naturally a fast texter so if it takes me more than 15 minutes to text you back, 95% of the time it's intentional."
b'i am neither an early bird nor a night owl, i am some sort of permanently exhausted pigeon constantly flapping around'
b'i am nervous about doing this cleanse, i am worried that after i flush all the toxins out of my body there will not be anything left'
b'i am never shocked when people let me down nowadays. i just hate the fact that i put myself in a position to be let down in the first place.'
b'i am never sure if i actually have free time or if i am just forgetting everything i have to do'
b'i am nice and i love talking to people. but lately i rather be left alone.'
b"i am nice to the weird kid, so he'll spare my life when he snaps"
b"i am no expert, but i am pretty sure a lot of economic problems could be solved by extending the mcdonald's breakfast menu back out to 11am."
b'i am no fancy shit, but i actually really love designing clothes to wear, now i am hoping to get my sewing skills up to make them happen'
b"i am no mathematician, but i'd say about 46% of the popcorn i grab at a movie theater ends up in my mouth."
b'i am not a christmas person but i am so excited to wake up christmas morning with wilson smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i am not against homos o \xe2\x88\x80 o i actually enjoy staring at c, since he's very coughsgaycoughs hehehe"
b'people trying to shove christ down my throat piss me off. i am happy with my religion, thanks.'
b"im not a loner that has no friends cat face with tears of joy it's just i enjoy being in my own space dawg"
b'i am not a mechanic so i do not know why, but my car seems to make a screaming noise whenever i run over people.'
b'i am not a morning person or a night time person i do not think i am even a person.'
b'i am not anti-social, people are just annoying.'
b'i am not a picky eater or anything but i will look at both sides of a dorito before i eat it to decide if its got a good cheesy dust ratio.'
b'i am not a recluse, i am just playing hard to get with society'
b'i am not a second option. you either choose me or you f*cking lose me.'
b'i am not a stalker ; but you should wipe from front to back.'
b"i am not built for this shit but i am tough i'll get through any situation"
b"i am not clumsy. it's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies and the walls get in the way."
b'im not dating anyone but i know exactly who i want'
b'im not even a 2nd choice im like an 8th choice sometimes a 10th'
b'i am not even excited for thanksgiving because like.. divorced parents and having to pick which one to have lunch with w/o hurting the other'
b'i am not even half way done with clinicals and my feet hurt, i am hungry, i might fall asleep... but i absolutely love it bc the people face savouring delicious food'
b'i am not fat. my stomach is 3d.'
b'; i am feeling it todaay. unamused face \xe2\x98\x81\xe2\x98\x80'
b'i am not funny. i am just really mean and people think i am joking.'
b'i am not funny i am literally just a bitch and people think im joking face with tears of joy'
b'im not going to have classes on fridays next semester. i am so happy'
b'i am not going to lie, i miss dry humping'
b'i am not going too lie, i am a twitter junkie.'
b'i am not ignorant, i just do not care what you have to say.'
b'i am not judgmental, so when i see a person driving slow in the fast lane, i never assume what gender she is.'
b'i am not lazy, i just really enjoy doing nothing.'
b'i am not lazy, i am on energy saving mode.'
b'i am not lost. i just like walking around campus for 30 mins.'
b'i am not okay on'
b'i am not really liking how every isaac patch just makes the game less fun through unnecessary nerfs.'
b'i am not really sure i was just having fun hahahahah'
b'i am not rude, i just say what everybody else is thinking.'
b"i am not saying golf isn't a sport, but you have to do paperwork while you play it."
b'i am not saying i believe in the zombie apocalypse. i am just saying walmart.'
b'i am not saying i hate you but if you were on fire, and i had water, i would drink it'
b'i am not saying i have a hangover, but i can hear light right now.'
b"i am not saying she's a hoe... but she's taken more loads than a washing machine."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but her favorite shade of lipstick is penis."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but if her vagina was a video game it would be rated e for everyone."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but she's been on more wieners than ketchup."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but they're probably gonna have to bury her in a y -shaped coffin"
b'i am not saying shes a slut, i am just saying if her vagina had a password, it would be 1234.'
b"i am not saying she's a slut, i am just saying she should sleep in her own bed often."
b"i am not saying she was stupid, but i asked her how to spell mississippi and she said'the river or the state?'"
b"i am not saying that i've been online too long, i am just saying that when i close my eyes i scroll through my thoughts"
b'i am not saying we should kill all the stupid people. i am saying remove all the warning labels and let things sort themselves out.'
b'i am not spoon fed like the rest of yah bitches! i have to grind hustle and penny pinch to enjoy living life! so fuck what you heard'
b'i am not stupid. i am just too lazy to show how smart i am.'
b'i am not sure how many problems i have because math is one of them.'
b'im not sure if im hungry but im gonna eat anyway just in case'
b'i \xc2\x92m not sure if my body can handle much more of this \xc2\x93getting out of bed \xc2\x94 nonsense'
b"i am not sure what post it was the cause of me losing 2 fb friends today, but if i find out which one it was i'll make sure to post it again!"
b"i am not sure when i'll start school maybe late august so august sounds good"
b'i am not the " cute " awkward im the " what the fuck is wrong with you " awkward'
b'i am not totally useless i can be used as a bad example.'
b"i am obsessed with my space & alone time so if i wanna spend time with you or talk to you consistently, just know you're special"
b'i am obviously quite the fashionista.'
b'im off a half hour of sleep and im hungry loudly crying face weary face weary face unamused face'
b'i am offering a cyber bullying self-defense course at the ymca where we aggressively close browser windows and switch computers off'
b'im off, homework, studying &sleeping, have an awesome day everyone &omg michael is 20when i wake up :o one direction 5 seconds of summer'
b'i am off to a great start this morning'
b'i am on a 16 -hour odyssey to discover if working one miserable day and having a day off is preferable to 2 normalish work days.'
b'i am only a morning person on december 25th.'
b"i am only as nice as people allow me to be, so do not push my b*tch button and we'll be great"
b'i am only bad at 3 things and math is both of them.'
b'i am on that good juice and apple sauce. i got the ice-cream man i can call'
b'i am on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle'
b"i mostly use facebook to check if a guy i used to work with knows he's gay yet."
b'i mostly use social media to take the piss i have been told, dont worry i will get bored eventually'
b'i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you " hey "... great, just great.'
b'i am pleased to say that i just used some germ -x and got rid of 99. 9% of germs on both my hands and probably got them back while typing this'
b'i am prepared for it all'
b'i am preparing for the worse and hoping for the best real shit'
b'im pretty sure by now " tired " is just part of my personality description'
b'im pretty sure dogs think exclusively in exclamation points and question marks'
b"i am pretty sure he's talking to another girl now so yeah that's fantastic i am so happy"
b'i am pretty sure i have a defective iphone 5, i keep pressing the home button and i am still at work.'
b'i am pretty sure my upstairs neighbors are elephants that yell a lot.'
b'i am pretty sure the whole ladies first thing was created by a guy just to check out a **'
b'improve your day by ordering coffee in the voice you use for your pets.'
b'i am quite confident that the reason i am single is because i did not forward that chain letter in 2003.'
b"i am ready move in with alexis so we can buy furniture and go to the farmers market on sunday's and cuddle every night relieved face"
b'i am ready to stand on the sidelines again for this jv game!'
b"i am really about to start distancing myself from certain people, sorry but it's for my own growth."
b'i am really a down ass person i just have controlling parents lol'
b"im really clueless so pls spell out very obviously exactly how you feel in full detail or i'll constantly be worrying about how much you hate me"
b'i am really excited to go to sleep and probably almost definitely wake up again'
b'i am really glad we do not have to hunt our own food anymore... i do not even know where sandwiches live'
b'i am really going to be so swole when i have classes on fridays next semester'
b'i am really good at flirting with people when i am not interested in them'
b'i am really good at giving other people life advice but when it comes to my own life i have no idea what i am doing'
b'i am really good at keeping secrets because five minutes later i forget what you told me because i do not care.?'
b'i am really happy my kindle chose the day before i go on holiday to break waa'
b'im really hungry but i know ill need a fag later on'
b'i am really not this mean i just get upset when some irrelevant person comes and steals our well deserved spot away'
b'i am related to all the original first black presidents. obama'
b'i am requesting all night shift jobs out of the hall i love working nights'
b'im running on a half hour of sleep and apple juice'
b'i am and ik it \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'i am saving my virginity for someone special, " your name i am my phone is someone special. "'
b'i am searching facebook for people named hontas, just because i think it would be cool... to poke a hontas.'
b'i am seriously craving baked oatmeal so unbelievably bad! i might actually have to make it for myself'
b'i am shy at first but... i do the stupidest random shit when i get comfortable with someone'
b'i am shy at first, but once i am comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.'
b'i am sick and tired of people telling me to turn off lights to save the environment. i tried it once, and i nearly killed some guy on a bike.'
b'im sick and tired of waking up everyday with less than 1 million dollars in my bank account'
b'i am sick of numbers defining me. my gpa my sat score my weight my number of likes per picture my grades... these things are not who i am'
b'i am single because... \xe2\x80\xa2 i already have food \xe2\x80\xa2 people are confusing as fuck \xe2\x80\xa2 i am never good enough \xe2\x80\xa2 the person i like, never likes me back'
b'i am single but my heart is taken " bitch, he does not love you.. stop being stupid & move on.'
b'i am sleeping on my couch because i am too lazy to go to the dryer to get my sheets i just washed. putting them on is such a chore'
b'i am slightly pissed and on my way home from watford. but i saw the arse lost and now i hear the pool are beating shitty 0. 2. nice evening smiling face with open mouth'
b'im smacking like shit on these frooties in her ear, she prolly like i wish this bitch go to sleep face with tears of joy'
b"i am so afraid of losing the bus tomorrow morning that i decided not to sleep tonight! my bus is at 8:30 and now it's 03:18! almost there!"
b"i am so angry and irritated and annoyed and tbh, for no reason. i wish i wasn't this way. but shit happens."
b'im so annoying if you ignore me once i will think you literally hate me forever'
b'i am so bored of being bored because being bored is really boring.'
b'i am so bored. such a great way to end summer'
b"i am so different, nothing like them other's"
b'i am so done can i get checked out of school bc my jeans are wet and it looks like i peed myself'
b'i am so excited for a half hour sleep in tomorrow'
b'i am so excited for everyone who went to sleep to wake up and feel as happy as we all did when we first heard the album'
b'i am so excited for grill shift tomorrow morning i love grill shift..!'
b'i am so excited for the return of charlie morton tonight.'
b'i am so excited that my stomach is hurting. kinda wanna throw up, kinda wanna throw confetti. \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'i am so excited to come home tomorrow and sleep and wake up a week later'
b'i am so excited to have kids and make them do chores'
b'im so excited to take these tests in bio, apush, and math like good school'
b'im so excited to wake up at 4 for my flight tomorrow!'
b'i am so excited to wake up at 6:20 in the morning'
b'i am so excited to wake up tomorrow & drink my smoothie'
b'im so excited to wake up tomorrow to listen to new album \xf0\x9f\x8d\xbe\xe2\x9d\xa3'
b'i am so exhausted for someone who did not go to one class today.'
b'i am so fucking tired and forgot to put on a bra... good'
b'im so funny and relatable why does everyone hate me lmao'
b'i am so glad i do not have to see this emily sinclair bitch next season'
b'i am so glad i do not have to worry about being too big of a bitch for him anymore.'
b'im so glad i found out where this bitch i beef it with lives smile once im not pregnant anymore she will see around ;))'
b'i am so glad i set my alarm correctly, woke up on time, and did not have to jump straight out of bed and run to class.'
b'i am so glad my parents answer the phone when i call.'
b'i am so glad she gone. bye bitch'
b'i am so glad that my one finger got bent back at practice yesterday smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i am so glad the nfl is honoring women's rights by having players wear pink..."
b'i am so glad this white bitch dies today'
b'i am so glad wes shot her lol annalise is one crazy bitch'
b'i am so glad you care.'
b'i am so glad you guys believe in me.'
b'i am so good at explaining how i feel'
b'i am so good at sleeping. i can do it with my eyes closed.'
b'i am so grateful for the people who do not give up on me and are patient with me while i am distant and trying to figure myself out'
b'i am so happy i drive to school because now i get to leave early and do the project the bitch said she was going to type!'
b'im so happy'
b'i am so happy that everyone else is not busy and can stand in front of my door and be loud.'
b'i am so happy to be home!'
b'i am so happy we have mature guys at this school'
b'i am so honored.'
b'i am so hungry i could eat without looking down at my phone.'
b'im so insecure to the point when ppl look at me i assume im being made fun of and when ppl compliment me its because they feel bad'
b'i am so looking forward to getting out of bed to buy stuff for chocolate covered strawberries for our work party at noon today. unamused face'
b'i am so looking forward to yet another michigan winter of -20 degree days and blizzards every other day.'
b"i am so much better now that you're gone."
b'i am so not excited for the numbing stuff to wear off i have a feeling getting tissue cut out of ur breast might end up hurting'
b'i am so old i remember when a hashtag was a pound sign, and before that we played tic tac toe on that shit.'
b'i am soo tired... " *stays up all night on phone *'
b'i am so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'i am so over this bitch sinclair glad she fell off the damn roof face with tears of joy'
b'i am so proud of myself like i am actually headed to this lab. good me smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am so proud of myself'
b'im so psyched for that exam result tomorrow worry'
b'i am so pumped for this college algebra test tomorrow!'
b'i am so pumped i already have hw a week before i go back to school!'
b'i am so ready for it, it hurts even frigid'
b'i am so ready to get off and sit on my butt for the rest of the day'
b'i am so ready to move out on my own and have a cute lil apartment i can design exactly how i want to smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'im so relatable why dont i have my own tv show yet'
b'i am sorry. did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?'
b'i am sorry if i was rude to you earlier. i thought you were the ugly one in that picture.'
b'im sorry im on a freakin roll tonight...'
b'i am sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch i honestly thought you knew'
b'i am sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch, i honestly thought you knew.'
b'i am so screwed for my exam tomorrow but sleep sounds so great right now.'
b'i am so sick of being a good friend to those who do not deserve it'
b'i am so sleepy but l do not wanna sleep until later to attempt to get my sleeping pattern back on track'
b'i am so sleepy i literally just walked right into a wet floor sign and knocked it over in front of einstein bros bagels'
b'i am so stoked to study for another 5 hours'
b'im so sweet smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am so tired and i have a shit load to do good'
b'i am so tired but i am going to watch jimmy kimmel good'
b"i am so tired now but as soon as i even attempt to go to sleep it'll be like i had several cups of coffee."
b'i am so tired of people arguing that the best way of helping poor people is to get money to rich people.'
b'i am so tired that i could sleep for 2 weeks straight and still be tired.'
b'i am so tired that i shaved one leg twice and left the other one unshaven'
b'i am so upset at everyone and everything but i can not deny that the ending was so well written and performed ugh'
b'i am so upset. that was such a tough loss but our boys kept up really well. so proud of you boys! tourney here we come \xf0\x9f\x8f\x88\xf0\x9f\x90\x94'
b'i am squirming i reet need a fag'
b'im staring my past mistakes while jesus is telling me to turn around and look his salvation & future victory.'
b'i am starting to get that " fuck it " attitude about everything.'
b'i am starting to love math because of geometry wahahaha'
b'i am starting to think that some of you are misspelling words on porpoise.'
b'i am still at school. hungry. have to take bus home. tired from bike ride. good me'
b'i am still covered in hives what the heck'
b"i am still pretty disappointed that this breaking amish show isn't about a bunch of amish people making crystal meth"
b'i am still waiting for my princess diaries transformation where are you paolo'
b'i am still wide awake & i have a lab in five hours smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat good melatonin'
b'i am stress deep cleaning my room. this better help.'
b'i am stuck babysitting jaylenes fake baby lmfaooo'
b'i am stuck babysitting till 2 or 3 am and my phones in 15% and these people only have iphone 4 chargers sos i repeat sos'
b'i am such a bad friend when it comes to communication like if you do not try to contact me you will not hear from me for months at a time'
b'i am such a dog at swimming'
b'i am such a genius that i think 13 +15 =27. it does right?'
b'im such a good teacher you dont need to study " - mr meyerson lol'
b'i am such a bitch, its beautiful'
b'i am such a sensitive ass person but i like to pretend like im not ahah'
b'i am such a sucker for cute romantic shit i will read the same message like 1,000 times lol'
b'i am supposed to be cleaning my room white frowning face'
b'im supposed to be getting my hair cut but instead got stuck babysitting. wtf'
b'i am suppose to be cleaning but instead i am dancing all over my room'
b'i am sure that in alcohol are female hormones. when i drink i talk too much and do not know how to drive.'
b'i am sure you intend to'
b'i am sweating balls literally just sitting here in the shade'
b"i act like i hate you most the time but i dont. you're actually okay & dont piss me off all the time. thanks i guess"
b'i am that friend that you have to explain to people before you introduce me and apologize about afterwards.'
b'i am that horrible friend who reads your text then puts the phone down to do something and forgets to reply until 4 hours later.'
b'i am that person who\'s like " nah i am not even gonna say anything.. " *5 secs later* but i just wanna fucking understand why you thought'
b'im the ex that ya mom is gonna forever ask you about'
b'i am the kind of person who would come out of the gym... and go straight to mcdonalds.'
b"i am the person who's 100% down for spontaneous adventures but also 100% down to lay in bed all day. i am on both ends of the spectrum"
b'i am the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.'
b'i am the type of person who looks at the menu for five minutes but ends up ordering the same exact thing every time.'
b"i am too lazy to be a stalker. you'll have to come here. bring coffee."
b'im tooooo fucking nice for this world even though im a bitch'
b'i am totally doing drugs'
b'i am trying my hardest with this shit, hoping that it pays off in the end'
b'smile i am smile trying smile to smile be smile a smile better smile person smile but smile some smile people smile are smile testing smile me'
b'i am trying to figure out when " oh, it\'s midnight " turned into " oh, it\'s onlymidnight "'
b"i am trying to have an adventurous summer but it's hard to do with"
b'i must be having a severe allergic reaction to something pensive face my whole body red & covered with hives & itch like hell weary face'
b'i must be her favourite student'
b'i must be immortal. i did not forward that chain letter, and i am still here!'
b"i am usually that person who has no idea what's going on."
b'i am was tired but then you started tweeting thanks for waking me up face with tears of joy cause i still have homework i need to do! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love you!'
b'i am wearing my glasses today and i look fab eyeglasses'
b'i am weird, but i am not " wait outside a courthouse awaiting a verdict on a case that i am not involved with " weird.'
b'i am wet... literally, its raining like hell and i had to get home back from school cycling'
b'i am working like crazy next summer before i start college, stacking at least 5 bands.'
b'i am working am -f 9 -5 & on my day off on saturday i have to go to a meeting at 8am and then back to work on sunday. like can i get a break?'
b'i am working on my day off.! weary face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i am writing my learner's tomorrow for my drivers and i am not at all nervous... please please lord do not let me fail persevering face"
b'in 1976 two kids went to the beach and saw a lot of water.'
b'in 1992 a man went to the jungle and saw a lot of trees.'
b'in 1st grade i was dry humping all the girls. prolly caught cooties 3 times'
b'in 4 days the world will be able to officially listen to christmas music!'
b"in alcohol's defense i've done some pretty dumb shit while completely sober too"
b'i named my advice windows 10 because i keep forcing it on people but nobody wants it.'
b"i named my wifi after my last g/f. it's never fully connected with me, it's really slow and also because i caught my neighbor using it."
b'in an attempt to punish me, ellie has decided to sleep in the floor. i think we all know who the real winner is face with tears of joy'
b'in a paralel alternate universe, my cat and my dog have jobs and i chill at home.'
b'in a shocking upset it rained today at grove city college'
b'in bed by 10 and i get to sleep (at least ) an extra half hour tomorrow?!'
b'in case anyones wondering, right now it feels like my intestines are trying to secede from the rest of my body.. its a pretty fun time!'
b'in case anyone was wondering what i want for christmas, a few pairs of compression stockings would be nice.'
b"in case you did not feel old yet the lion king came out 19 years ago. you're welcome."
b"in case you have not checked facebook today, it's hot today, the fireworks were beautiful, and 32 friends invited you to play candy crush!"
b"in case, you were wondering, who is painting over the ukrainian colors in the donbas.. it's the local population."
b'in class 2 day almost done with all of my classes i have completed 68 of my credits so far at harrison college and i only have 22 left good'
b"in college, the term \xe2\x80\x98april showers ' is actually the tears you cry while desperately trying to raise your gpa"
b'independence day is my favorite holiday where everyone wears the same old navy t-shirt.'
b'look like a hoe with all that make-up'
b'somehow can not see it taking off around the world or uk'
b"indirect tweets about me are the best feeling ever especially when they're being a bitch ha & post it on every social media ha"
b"indirect tweets from your ex's are the best face with tears of joy"
b'unemployment looks like it is falling as they will be counting people who have been or are on rt'
b'yeah face with tears of joy face with tears of joy but with females you still get the same outcome if you lie. like i gave you the truth'
b'thanks 4 the invite but i can not rn, enjoy your birthday tho! get fucked up ha'
b'i need 2 wake up so he can give me love advice. last night it was clothing advice. wonder how much longer until he wants 2 move out'
b'i need a fag but i am too lazy to go into the kitchen'
b'i need a fag go die you stupid bitch i am fed up with you making stupid ass plans without even consulting me first fuck off'
b"i need a fag on some serious levels but i've lost my 25g"
b'i need a " get dressed im picking you up for breakfast " kinda guy'
b'i need a gps that communicates to me in simpler way. for example : - this way - that way - the other right'
b'i need a hallmark card that says " sorry for the things i\'ve said about your girlfriend i did not know you were gonna get back together again "'
b'i need a microwave that says " when you\'re ready come & get it " when my food is done.'
b'i need a nap before i attempt to do anything else.. running off 4 hours worth of sleep'
b'i need a " previously on your life " recap for the things i did not pay attention to.'
b'i needa stop driving without my license'
b'i need expert punditry. as an apology for being a shit i promised skye no football tonight. loving come dine with me'
b"i need foggy less mirrors.. i be trying to view the body after a good shower! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i wipe, and it's back foggy. hoe"
b'i need fun! day off tomorrow! any suggestions? i would love a yoga adventure!'
b'i need new haters. the old ones are starting to like me.'
b'i need one of those kim kardashian jobs where they pay me for living'
b'i need some encouragement that i can do this. because this one class is really kicking my butt. i am so exhausted and working so hard.'
b'i need someone to be there for me but i just can not trust anyone pensive face'
b'i need to be a professional woman who wears expensive lingerie under designer clothes'
b"i need to calm down and sleep and i'll attempt it again tomorrow"
b'i need to clean my room but whats the point we all die anyway'
b"i need to date somebody that's ok with me being a little fag bag. lol *coughcough *"
b'i need to get fucked by something other than my life'
b'i need to get some yard work in this weekend... winking face'
b'i need to get up in 5 hours... oops.'
b"i need to go to california and visit all my swag fag/pot head lookin cousins i bet they're cool"
b'i need to hear the whole album live. like now.'
b'i need to learn to stop saying whats on my mind cause one day that shits gonna give me a blue eye'
b'i need to put together some reels for things i have done in the past and what i can do now... this is going to be fun'
b'i need to start wearing bras to school who do i think i am'
b'i need to stop expecting so much from people even though i do so much for them knowing they wont do the same for me'
b"i need to stop imagining scenarios in my head that have a -2% chance of actually happening it's becoming a problem"
b'i need to stop, " i whispered as i clicked next episode'
b'i need to stop taking my bank card to work so i stop going shopping on my lunch break!'
b'i need to talk to you " is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you\'ve ever done in your life.'
b'i need to tame my candy addiction good'
b'i need to wake up in 5hours excited!'
b'i need to come home so i can hug her'
b'in elementary i couldnt wait to come to highschool now i just wanna go back smirking face sleeping face'
b'i never actually say hi to my friends i just make creepy faces at them from a distance.'
b'i never finish my eraser because it is either stolen, lost or cut in half.'
b'i never gave a fuck about what the next mf think about me..'
b'i never had nothing like this sent to me.'
b'i never instagram or snapchat my food because i am already halfway through eating it before it occurs to me to take a picture'
b'i never liked politics until the government went down on me.'
b'i never lose hope. good things will come. thank you'
b'i never make the same mistake twice. i make it 5 or 6 times, just to be sure.'
b'i never realize how much i swear until i am in a situation where i can not'
b'i never really liked my name much until i found out what it tastes like when you write it in frosting on top of a cake'
b"in every circle of friends there's always that one person everyone secretly hates. do not have one? then it's probably you."
b'i new feel a lot better about my porn addiction now that i know it is constitutional. thanks professor contractor.'
b'infomercials are dumb " i think to myself, as i slap chop myself a salad in the comfort of my snuggie after an awesome shake weight workout.'
b"in general, people who'tell it like it is ' like to hear it as it isn't."
b"in high school i wasn't pleased with my grades unless i got an 80 or higher, now i legit scream and am jumping for joy with a 50"
b'injections are fun.'
b"in loving memory of johnny depp. he ain't dead, i just love remembering him"
b'in math, i use " guess and hope " method'
b'in math i use this thing called the guess and hope method.'
b"in middle school.. we did not screenshot, we put 'em on 3 way and muted the phone"
b'in movies when ever people go under the sea i hold my breath, i almost died in finding nemo.'
b'in my day we had to roll the windows up and down with our bare hands.'
b'in my defense, your honor, he had the keyboard clicking sound on his phone turned on'
b'in my world to the best are my family yet but i lovely all my family* so i am crazy this night coz *i very borink'
b'in need of a glass of wine and a fag? lol'
b'i no longer have a phone cause it decided to blow up sooo if you text or call me i will not get it'
b'in order to save money i installed a sound chip into my wallet. now when it opens it plays a song by creed so i quickly have to close it.'
b'in order to start my deer breeding business i am going to need at least 5,000 bucks.'
b'in our generation loosing your phone is more important than loosing your virginity'
b'in pax river maryland for work. could it get any better than this?'
b"i fucked up and backed them 80 mins result, at 8/11, you're clued up on south american football, will they win? ha thanks smile"
b'in primary school when you and your friend would pretend to sharpen your pencils to have a chat at the bin'
b'in reality, there are 3 types of women ; the intelligent, the beautiful, and the majority.'
b'in russia the police are arresting people that are gay. watch the video in my last tweet.'
b'insanity workout? the fact i am even considering putting down my phone and getting off the couch is crazy enough, thanks.'
b'in school even though i finished my test first i wait for someone else to get up.'
b'in science class = 1% learning. 99% thinking about how people found out all of this stuff'
b'in search of perfection though i am close'
b'insomnia is my absolute favorite thing ever.'
b'wish more women who thought they know everything would listen to you on this, it might help.'
b'instagram can update all it wants but until it brings back the custom locations i am not satisfied'
b"instagram couldn't complete your request at this time because nobody cares about your sunday brunch."
b"instagram is down, and all over the world people's food is getting cold."
b'instagram now permits video uploads. so now you can not only upload a picture of your food, but a video of it going into your mouth.'
b'instead of calling it your " time of the month. " try calling it " blowjob week. " men love blowjob week.'
b'instead of cleaning my house, i just watched an episode of hoarders. now i do not feel so bad.'
b'instead of divorce, how about a marriage license you have to renew every year.'
b'instead of doing my homework i like to stay on the computer and worry about how much homework i have to do'
b'instead of going to couples therapy, married people should just join tinder and see what a nightmare single people have to deal with'
b'instead of going to dinner and a movie, go to the movie first and then dinner. this way at dinner you have something to talk about.'
b'instead of lol try, " lsimhbiwfefmtalol " - laughing silently in my head because it wasnt funny enough for me to actually laugh out loud.'
b"instead of saying lol, i am gonna say salts (smiled a little then stopped ) it's more truthful."
b'instead of waiting on me to better myself... it would be much simpler if you just lowered your expectations'
b'in tennessee, it is illegal for children to play games on sunday without a license.'
b'intense migraines are extremely fun.'
b'interesting hour to wake up'
b'interesting podcast on being a writer in the digital age'
b"interesting read if you're into books/literature :"
b'interesting that on opposite day you can not declare that it is so.'
b'interesting to hear about of in'
b'in that case, just the 25 mortgage years to wait then!'
b'in the 1% of people who has not uploaded a flipagram of 2013'
b"*in the back of a police car* can ya'll hand me the aux cord?"
b"in the bath and i've shaved one leg and have no motivation to do the other loudly crying face god why did you make me so lazy?!?"
b'in the downstairs bathroom listening to what seems like a heard of elephants running upstairs'
b'in the end everyone is going to judge you so you might as well do whatever the fuck you want'
b'in the end, girls really just want one thing from guys : all of our hoodies.'
b'in the icu at clinicals and i love it so much'
b"in the last week, our printer's died, our computer bit the dust, our dryer burnt out, and our fridge is dying."
b'in the matter of an hour anna cut her hand and had to go to the hospital, i got covered in hives and anna forgot to pay a cab'
b'in the middle of watching bachelors in paradise season 2 & hoping this ends w/ joe getting hit by a bus.'
b'in the mood to be blessed with 1 million dollars smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'in the morning, i always woke up in my bed, i think my dad indulged me, my love of the stars, & then carried me to bed while i was asleep'
b"in the morning there's a huge difference between 6:00 and 6:05."
b'in the most fucking annoying voice ever man i love english class, english class is my favourite,, love to do english homework 8 hours a day'
b"in the news : man lucky to be alive after being hit by train. i think i am luckier, i've never been hit by a train"
b"in the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. now you just delete them off facebook. that'll teach 'em!"
b"in the sunshine having fun it's in my blood i can not help it"
b'in the weights room with the girls getting an actual workout -weights -lazy'
b'in think we have elephants upstairs'
b'in those celebrities vs things if its ariana vs anyone i would literally always choose anyone over ariana'
b'an alarm clock silencer. i do not want to be woken up thank you very much.'
b"in which claims capitalism & markets are opposed to community & cooperation!?! err... that's not right"
b'i obviously have the best facial expression ever.'
b'i offended you with my opinion? you should hear the ones i keep to myself.'
b'i once flew on virgin airlines. it is now just called airlines.'
b'i once had a girl tell me " i dont suck dick no more " like being a hoe came with a retirement plan'
b'i once wrestled an anaconda for 4 straight days... then i realized i was just masturbating'
b'i only accept human beings as followers ; i do do free advertising for talk with me, before you follow me.'
b'i only go on the internet like once a day for approximately 24 hours'
b'i only got a half hour of sleep and i have an accounting exam today'
b"i only had one class today, and i feel like i've done so much today."
b'i only had one class today why the hell am i exhausted'
b'i only have two rules :1. be kind 2. if it jiggles when you move, cover it up'
b'i only look attractive for a max of 15 mins and this usually when i am about to go to bed.'
b'i only painted one hand and shaved one leg. where is my mind.'
b'i only play football to stare at all the penis i see in the locker room smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i only shaved one leg bc the one i shaved started to burn and i didnt want to suffer more with the other one'
b'i only shaved one leg in the shower how did i forget the other? theres only 2?'
b"i only shaved one leg last night so that's how my day is going."
b'i only shaved one leg'
b"i only shaved one leg this morning so that's how i am doing"
b'i only shaved one leg today because i got tired " ok molly'
b"i only smoke because there's a small chance it will kill everybody around me."
b'i only understand like 9% of life'
b'i only waited almost an hour for a reply smile its cool'
b'i open a text and mentally respond then forget to actually respond.'
b'i ordered 3 pairs of pants and they have not gotten here yet so now i have to wait a week till i get to wear them to school. neutral face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ios7 apparently allows you to block people from calling or texting you thank you lord you have officially answered my prayers'
b'ios7 better be able to shoot out a parachute so that my phone can land safely when i drop it'
b'ios 8 has restarted downloading on me twice now... no new technology to show for the last last 3 hours of trying.'
b'ios 8 thank you for making me delete all my apps to download you!'
b'iowa state book store is such a peach.'
b'i panic when people go on my phone, even if i have nothing to hide.'
b'i pay good money, i wish i had the time and patience to do my own shit'
b'iphone covers are like condoms. you do not want too but.. you kinda have too'
b'iphone needs a feature where an incoming call does not take up the whole screen so you can do other things while you ignoring a phone call'
b'iphone shut off for no known reason so they gave me a new one... cool great... lost all my photos...'
b'i play a song, no one likes it. 2 months later, they all love it'
b'i play whale songs at work so people can not tell if i am crying or just singing along.'
b'i prefer not to think before i speak. i like being just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.'
b'i pregamed this chemistry exam and i feel great about it'
b'i pretend i do not care but deep down i really still do not care.'
b'i probably could stand a chance on american idol if i could bring my shower on stage.'
b"i procrastinate so much i'll probably put off death and never die"
b'i promise i am only gonna let deja sleep another half hour'
b"i pull weird faces in photos because it's better to look ugly on purpose"
b'i put a cookie in the microwave and it exploded... life is great'
b'i put " handjob " in the memo line of every check that i write.'
b'i put in way to much effort into people who will not even bend over backwards for me'
b'i put my music on full volume hopefully to drown out my sadness but it never seems to get loud enough'
b'i ran into my ex the other day. i could have sworn the light was green.'
b'i ran into my ex yesterday. then i back the truck up and hit him again. sometimes i miss him.'
b'i rather enjoy driving past sleeping lorry drivers and thrashing the fuck outta my horn pedestrian'
b'i rather have 5 real friends then have 50 fake ones.'
b'i react to " someone has tagged a photo of you... " in the same way i react to a doctor saying, " your test results came back... "'
b'i read my kids a few select facebook statuses before bed, kiss them on their heads, and whisper, " this is why we have to stay in school "'
b"i read something the other day that made me piss myself. it was a sign that said : 'bathroom closed. '"
b'i realised i was dyslexic when i went to a toga party dressed as a goat.'
b'i realized i was capable of murder when i held the under milk till the bubbles stopped.'
b"i realized while sitting in church that i only shaved one leg this morning. so that's how my day is going."
b'i really appreciate the caring and sincerity though'
b'i really appreciate you taking a lot of money from me for a flea infested puppy that is scared to death and hides from everyone.'
b'i really do have the best, best friend in the world. i can not wait to see you in a week! thank you so much! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'i really do love math! smile'
b'i really do not care about the party. i just came for free food.'
b'i really dont need notifications about random peoples facebook statuses, thank you. af'
b'i really do not think today could be any better...'
b'i really do want to care about certain shit but the way i am built just will not allow it.'
b'i really enjoy working with children man... from dysfunctional to normal. i love kids.'
b"i really hate it when people use the zodiac to justify certain actions like i do not care if you're a virgo cindy you're being a bitch"
b'i really hate that feeling like i am not living enough. like i am not experiencing enough.'
b'i really hope 2014 will be a better year than 2013 was.'
b'i really hope the entire population of peterborough county enjoys their a &w...'
b'i really like how the rains just gunna mess up my hair?'
b"i really like it when i ask an important question &don't get an answer. i hope this keeps up i like it so much smile"
b"i really like it when i go to the nfl network and they're not talking about football. i need to revel in adrian peterson and ray rice."
b'i really like my chances this week.'
b"i really like the idea of nuclear throne but forgive me for saying these types of games aren't very good"
b'i really like walking around with 2 diff color flops casue my mom packs mine and says their hers'
b'i really love being called baby girl weary face weary face weary face'
b'i really love how much of my time gets wasted in school can we get a move on please'
b'i really love meetings.'
b'i really love myself smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes can not nobody tell me shit biihhhhh'
b'i really love putting off homework. makes me stronger.'
b'i really love running around the pit for two hours...'
b'i really love sitting next to bitches in class'
b"i really love that fact that i have no clothes to wear right now since they're all in the laundry."
b'i really love that i work the morning shift saturday so i have my whole day to myself smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i really love when people speculate things about me and tell literally every person on the planet about it except for me lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'i really miss flip phones because at the end of a conversation you could always dramatically close them like bitch whatever.'
b'i really need a day between saturday and sunday.'
b'i really need to find out who was in the ashy green car on fag yesterday, trying to shoot me w/ dat paint ball gun face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i really need to start going to bed earlier because i feel like a zombie in the morning.'
b"i really need to stop myself from buying fallout 4, it's either going to be i am not going to enjoy it that much if i do or i'll end up"
b'i really should be studying but *opens twitter* i guess i have time for twitter.'
b'i really think that there is a family of elephants that live upstairs'
b'i really thought about this today, mid work shift pensive face'
b'i really wanted to go to the gym this week but i am stuck babysitting confused face'
b'i really want to talk to you about how i do not want to talk to you.'
b'i really wish i did not have classes on fridays'
b'i really worry about which selfie my family would put on the news if i ever went missing.'
b'i redownloaded shit but i have all the notifications off i am hoping i will not stress'
b'i reeeeeeeeally need to get my phone charger back. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i refuse to be bored this weekend gon happen.'
b'i refuse to dance to any song that tells me how to dance in the lyrics.'
b'i refuse to go bungee jumping, i came into this world because of a broken rubber, i am not leaving because of one.'
b'i regret losing my phone more than my virginity.'
b'i regret nearly everything i did between the ages of birth and however old i was yesterday.'
b"i regret opening up to certain people. it just bugs me knowing there's a few people out there who did not even deserve to know me like that."
b"i remember a lorry full of mattresses crashing on m1. i said police were sleeping on the job - they weren't happy!"
b'i remembered every landline number of my friends and relatives.'
b'i remember learning why zebras have stripes but not why they have mohawks.'
b'i remember my first day on twitter.. i was like, " what the fuck is this shit? "'
b'i remember the day i met connor was the first day i shaved my legs and i only shaved one leg and i had to leave oh my god'
b'i remember way too many small details about people so i have to act dumb sometimes so i do not freak them out'
b"i remember when hyung was awkward with me good thing he's not anymore good"
b"i remember when it was cool to slam someone's head against the concrete for no reason pouting face"
b'i remember when i was really ugly and annoying ha it was like two hours ago lol'
b'i remember when my mom was beating me up once, so i pretended i was dead. she started crying. i woke back up and she beat me up again.'
b'i remember when my old nokia phone said i had low battery it meant that i had 2 days to find a charger.'
b'i remember why i stopped... i can not listen to this while doing homework, my mind just wanders to a place more awesome than where i am.'
b'i renamed all my files " the world, " so everyday when i " save " the world i feel important. smile'
b'i replied " maybe " to your facebook event out of respect for the inherent uncertainty of life\'s journey.'
b'i respect people that tell me the truth no matter how hard it is.'
b'i restart the whole song when i miss my favorite part.'
b'i rlly h8 tht i can not buy the cute bracelets/necklaces with the initials on them bc i do not have a middle name so it wld just look dumb'
b'i rolled my eyes while shaking my head and now my eyes are stuck.'
b'irony of life : wives do not get pregnant after many attempts, and girlfriends get pregnant even after taking precautions.'
b'i rub shampoo in my eyes every morning to prepare for the pain of the day'
b'i live in bc canada and all the teachers in bc had to go on strike unamused face \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f -happy'
b'is an hour worth working at a place that does not understand i need more than maybe one day off a week if i am lucky? where the supervisor'
b"i said i'd be there in 5 minutes. quit calling me every half hour."
b'i said i was gonna wash my face before i went to bed.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i saw a chameleon today. i guess it was a pretty crappy chameleon.'
b'i saw a guy walking 4 dogs this morning and thought wow! that guy must be really blind.'
b'i saw a guy watering his garden while it was raining last night. true story, bro.'
b'i saw a man at the beach yelling " help, shark! help! " i just laughed, i knew that shark wasn\'t going to help him.'
b'i saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with " guess " on it... so i said " implants? "'
b'i saw harry and liam and i got so wet and niall waved back at me because i was the only bitch wavyint today was a good day'
b'i saw something that reminded me of you.. so i flushed the toilet and washed my hands.'
b'i say " fight me " a lot for a girl who is 5 " 3 \' and has a hard time opening some doors because they\'re too heavy'
b'i say " fight me " way too much for a girl who has to hold back tears when someone yells at me'
b'i say " idk " a lot but trust me, i be knowing'
b'i say " i do not know " to everything when i am in a bad mood.'
b'is blow job one word or two? trying to win back an ex-girlfriend with a love poem.'
b'is calling in sick because you\'re " sick of dealing with stupid people " a thing yet?'
b'i scratched my eye and i forgot i had eyeliner on. i literally look like i have a black eye smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i scream my ex's name during sex so my girlfriend knows i will not forget about her either heavy black heart"
b'is dating a minor crime in india? (asking for a friend )'
b'*is doing homework on first day of fall break b/c trinity *'
b'is done an emotion? because i feel it all the time... face with rolling eyes'
b'i see 2007 and think " oh 3 years ago " and then it hits me that it was 6 fucking years ago.'
b'i see andrew has two tories on the sofa tonight on even though one is a lab mp!'
b"i see both sides regarding the single. how it's hurting the group and how excited she is. it's rough bc i wanna support them all"
b"i see dead people. well actually they're stupid people, but give me a few minutes."
b'i see like twenty pumpkin spice starbucks ugg yoga pants white girl jokes everyday... ur ur'
b'i see most kids wake up and be excited to attend school. soon as i get by esther rolle house i get depressed like i really hate ely face with tears of joy sleepy face'
b"i seen in one tweet ' the shows always going to be a flop ' well no not anymorem theres so much love for ashu this will work wont it black heart suit"
b'i see people on scotland have started the violence. makes you really proud does not it'
b'i see subway employees are still having their " how much lettuce can you fit on a sandwich " contest.'
b"i see this rlly cute boy all over school & i am in the comp lab & he comes in & sits across from me & there's 100 open comps & good ok unicorn face"
b'i see you greenwood high people are keeping it classy'
b'i see you paying attention in class'
b'i seriously admire people who wear crop tops & low waisted pants, that shit requires extreme levels of courage that i will never have'
b'i seriously hate when i come home to no food'
b'i seriously live being ignored.'
b'i seriously loveeee when people lie to me, makes me feel special unamused face'
b'i seriously love when i can not sleep and wake up every single hour.'
b'i seriously love working night shift lol'
b"i seriously over think everything, which makes me stress myself out and create problems that weren't even there in the first place."
b'i set my classes in awkward times of a day so that my students do not come. " - every private tutor'
b'is everyone as excited about the and conventions as i am?!?'
b'is everything expensive or am i just poor'
b'is google a boy or a girl? obviously a girl because it will not let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas'
b"i shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire."
b'i shaved one leg and gave up.'
b'i shaved one leg and then realized half way that i am way too tired to shave my other leg, so one is smooth and the other is a cactus'
b'i shaved one leg but not the other loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i shaved one leg? i forgot about the other?'
b'i shaved one leg today & forgot to shave the other.'
b'i shaved one leg today if anyone was wondering how my day was going'
b"i should do my homework but that's exactly what the government wants and i can not let them win. not again"
b'i should dress up for school more often lol'
b'i should have expected nothing more from my junior year of college. again i have no car.'
b'i should have named my first kid " shame on you " and my second kid " shame on me ".'
b"i shouldn't have to hear what you're eating! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'i should probably start homework since i literally have to redo all of my work for english from this year.'
b'i should sleep, i have an early class tomorrow. fan -tastic!'
b"i should've thought that surprise out a little bit better considering that it's raining but hey, it's the thought that counts smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'is it bad i have only been on twitter like 2 times? oh lord... \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'is it called nascar because that\'s the way a hillbilly pronounces " nice car? "'
b'is it cute to act like a thug or is it cute to act dumb? i mean damn just be yourself unamused face'
b'is it easy to feel like yourself and simply have fun in the presence of your new lady? then, you probably have great chemistry.'
b'is it friday yet? tired face i just want to \xf0\x9f\x8d\xba\xf0\x9f\x8d\x83 and more clinking beer mugs'
b'is it " i febreezed my crotch " or " i febroze my crotch "?'
b'is it just me or does the word " retweet " bring up images of elmer fudd commanding an army on the defensive?'
b'is it raining orrrr is someone just watering the plants o -o'
b"is it too late to wrap myself up like a baby and drop myself off on a billionaire's doorstep?"
b'is it wrong to ask someone with an eye patch " was it all fun and games up to that point? "'
b'is laying in bed all hours of the day considered a sport?'
b'i sleep less than 8 hours : tired. i sleep 8 hours : tired. sleep more than 8 hours : still tired!'
b'i slipped in the kitchen and yelled hella loud and all my mom said was " que traes estupida " i feel the love loudly crying face'
b'i slipped on the wet walkway going into school this morning face with tears of joy and yes people saw'
b'i smell like formaldehyde and i threw up in lab so tonight is going wonderfully'
b"i smile and act like nothing is wrong, it's called putting shit aside and being strong."
b"nain please dont be sad ok we're in diff classes but we still love youuuuuuuuuu"
b"isn't it absolutely fantastic that school starts up in four days isn't that just fab can not wait"
b"isn't it amazing how some people just look for something to take offense to or bitch about? maybe it's a talent. like burping the abcs."
b"isn't it crazy that the music in my earphones is still so loud and yet i can still hear the elephants trampling around upstairs?"
b"isn't it great when you're mom tells at you the entire morning?"
b"isn't it pathetic how we waste so much time & effort on certain people and at the end they prove that they weren't even worth a second of it"
b'isnt it the best when you feel all the skin on your hands ripping off during the middle of a piece'
b'isn \xc2\x92t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything & then one hand that just sits there like idk how to hold a pencil \xc2\x94'
b"isn't she lovely. (yes i am being )"
b'i so happy my great treasure mary won his first year in highschool and she was so proud of herself that almost exploded with happiness'
b'i so love being not trusted just because of one time.'
b'i so love being woke out my sleep.'
b"i speak words of life... words kill, words give life ; they're either poison or fruit - i choose life."
b'i spend 70% of my day telling people how busy i am and the other 30% trying to make myself look really really busy.'
b'i spend all my money on clothes and food and yet can not find anything to wear and i am still hungry'
b'i spend an hour on vsco instead of doing my homework! i love myself!'
b'i spend most of my waking hours looking for a place to nap.'
b"i spend too much of my time imagining stuff that'll never happen."
b'i spent money i did not have on wine i did not need " a memoir by mitchell king'
b'i spent so long straightening my hair this morning and then rain happened'
b'i spilled my pumpkin spice latte, and now a bunch of ants are making brunch plans and doing yoga.'
b"i sprayed taylor swift's new perfume on me, then started writing a 5 -page letter to the boy who forgot to put a straw in my bag at arby's."
b'i stare at the same text for a long time if i can not figure out how to reply.'
b'i started another grad school application this afternoon because my favorite activity is disappointment.'
b'i started drinking a little early. yesterday, to be more precise.'
b"i start off all nice too like 'bae '.. 'please answer the phone ' & end up threatening his life loudly crying face pensive face"
b'i stayed because i loved him and then one day i woke up and decided to love me more'
b'i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, and then do it again.'
b'i stepped on a cornflake this morning... i am a cereal killer now!'
b'is that your girlfriend? i got my boyfriend, well maybe we can be friends na na na musical note \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"is the church a place to gather around christ's work for his glory or a place to get what you want? do you love jesus or are you a humanist?"
b"is the color orange named after the fruit or is the fruit called an orange because if it's color?"
b'is the government down for anybody else or is it just me?'
b'is the number of years to wait linear?'
b'is there a legal limit to how often you can pick a wedgie before your required to buy bigger underwear?'
b'is there anything doctors love more than wearing their lab coats outside the hospital?'
b'is there anything worse than hearing your own recorded voice i think no'
b'is there something going on in scotland? the media are very quiet about it'
b'is this a joke'
b'i still can not get over the terrible customer service i had with order canceled with out any reasonable explanation. thanks'
b'i still catch myself feeling sad about things that do not matter anymore.'
b'i still have faith that the clippers will give up the upset. when one of your best bench players is austin rivers, the well has to run dry'
b"i still love you, always will. it's not you, it's my life.. everything is becoming to much. can not do it"
b"i still throw up peace signs in pictures and people who say hi to me and it's ruining my life"
b'i still watch spongebob, and i do not care how old i am.'
b'i stole a razor and shaved with it, in case any of you are looking for a smooth criminal.'
b"i straightened my hair but it's curling because of the snow sad"
b'i straightened my hair this morning and i can already feel it curling up.'
b'i straightened my hair today it was on fleek then the rain happened.'
b"i stress about stress before there's even stress to stress about"
b'i strongly believe that when the crosswalk timer runs out a trapdoor should open and swallow the people who failed to make it across in time'
b'i study for minutes, and take breaks for hours.'
b'i study \xe2\x86\x92 i take the test \xe2\x86\x92 i pass it \xe2\x86\x92 i forget what i learned'
b'i suck at tweeting in the weekend'
b"i suffer from that syndrome where your neutral expression makes it look like you're a angry serial killer"
b'is " ugh " an emotion? because i feel it all the time.'
b'i support these environmentally conscious rappers for always gettin paper instead of plastic.'
b'i sure do love having a complete destroyed phone.'
b'i sure know how to pick emmmm... face with tears of joy'
b'i sure sing a lot for someone who sounds like a dying walrus'
b'i surveyed 100 women and asked them what shampoo they used when showering, 98 of them said : how the hell did you get in here?'
b'i swear i could be having a terrible day, and working a shift at the hospital turns around my whole day i love it'
b'i swear i crave starbucks at least ten times. every day.'
b'i swear if one more person asks me " whats wrong " " are you okay " im going to scream. its my damn face i cant help it'
b'i swear i have the most weird music taste ever like i love depressing music 1 minute & the next im popping my ass like a stripper w rent due'
b'i swear i love how people come together in classes to help each other smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i swear i am about to make history bruh, i really wish they was recording this shit \xf0\x9f\x93\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa5'
b'i swear i am always cleaning my boyfriends room when i go over'
b'i swear i need to get my license. i need to stop driving without it loudly crying face'
b"i swear i only wake up on time on fridays bc im so excited it's the end of the week"
b'i swear medicine companies have no clue what fruit tastes like'
b'i swear my algebra teacher is the best. she bought the whole class they own box of debbie snacks.'
b'i swear my doctor makes me get blood work for fun'
b'i swear my touchscreen phone touches its self when no one is looking.'
b'i swear my upstairs neighbor bought a herd of elephants of the weekend. expressionless face'
b'i swear my upstairs neighbors own elephants. nothing else could make that much noise.'
b'i swear our upstairs neighbors are elephants.'
b'i swear, saving money is so hard'
b'i swear september lasted like 4 minutes'
b'i swear some songs have noises in the background that make me think my mom is shouting me downstairs and it gets me every time'
b'i swear sometimes i love starting small arguments with him'
b"i swear they're elephants upstairs omg"
b'i swear this like the first day i have not had homework smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'expressionless face i swear today is piss me off day or something... thanks everyone'
b'i swear to god, if these people do not give me some space... i am going to literally shoot myself omfgg..'
b'i swear to god i am such a low maintenance friend like you could have not spoken to me for months and ill still be like yeah friend hi'
b'is working at 12cupcakes fun and easy? \xe2\x80\x94 not really fun but yeap easy job'
b'is your timeline boring? if so then follow my personal favorite account ===&gt ; for the best tweets!'
b"i take it all back i am skipping college algebra which isn't the best idea and going to try to get this chemistry lab done now."
b'i take the l and are on my headphones seriously.'
b"i take the longest breaks while cleaning my room it's pretty ridic"
b'i talk a lot of shit for someone who panics while ordering food at restaurants'
b"i talk to myself out loud the whole time i am studying. it's like i am teaching myself! acoustics good"
b'it all comes down to the person you look for in a crowded room'
b'it all went to hell when attacking what we hate became more important than defending what we love.'
b'it appears must not think highly of the'
b'i taught my kids that " epic " was a bad word because we do not need anymore people saying that about everything.'
b"it bothers me that 'beliebers ' are saying now only they heard jb's coming to sa?.. did you not see his tweet 2months ago?"
b'it costs 00 to stay in your lane & mind your damn business'
b'it could be worse. kanye and kim originally wanted to go with wild wild.'
b"it'd be fun to release a gorilla in a gorilla suit at the mall and see the look on security's face when they pull off that first mask."
b'itd be great if my blood exploded'
b"it'd be hilarious to release a gorilla in a gorilla suit at the mall and see the look on security's face when they pull off the mask."
b'it does not matter how slow you go as long as you do not stop. unless you are my internet you better quicken up the pace you disgusting piece of shit'
b'it does not even feel like christmas is next week what the hell'
b'it does not matter how old you are... if a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, you die on the spot.'
b'it does not matter if i sleep 2 hours or 13 hours i will still be tired the next day'
b'it doesn \xc2\xb4t matter if the glass is half empty or half full. there is clearly room for more alcohol.'
b'it does not matter that i have a license, a car, a job, and i am 18, i still can not go out without asking my parents for permission'
b'it dosen \xc2\xb4t matter if the glass is half empty or half full. there is clearly room for more alcohol.'
b'it dropped 23 degrees in 4 hours and is not pouring. expressionless face'
b'i tell people i hate chocolate and they try to give it to me to convert me. i should tell people i hate tempur-pedic beds and orgasms.'
b'i tell you what, pay my taxi fare and i will play for free! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i tend to say " i do not know " when i do not feel like thinking.'
b'i text back embarrassingly fast or three days later there is no in between'
b'i text back in 0. 2 seconds or three weeks laterthere is no in between'
b'it feels fucking awesome to have no homework due this weeknd grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'it feels great out'
b'it feels great to know my car is on e and gas is 4 bucks a gallon'
b"it feels like just a few days ago it was the last day of school. now it's the end of july. neutral face"
b"it feels like october outside & not september. ky weather ain't it grand?!?!"
b'it feels like this past weekend never happened... this week will be greattt'
b'it feels so good to be ignored'
b'it felt great dumping it in the sink but i wanna smash the bowl just to get my point across sigh sigh why am i so passive aggressive'
b'it goes down \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. i love how the camera dude was singing and shit in the beginning'
b'it goes down in the group chat'
b"it happened again im dying! he's literally killing me."
b'it has just taken me 2 hours to change a set of bike tyres.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f the doctors loudly crying face'
b'i think 7th grade was a dark time for everyone'
b"i think 90% of the software on my computer does not do anything except send me notices that there's a new version of itself."
b'i think a herd of elephants live upstairs'
b'i think a lot, but i do not say much.'
b'i think fire alarms should use the last of their battery to continue to monitor fire instead of getting all beepy!'
b'i think germs are so nice for waiting 5 seconds before attacking food that falls on the floor.'
b'i think i did pretty great on my exam'
b"i think i have food poisoning. joy. know what's great? waking up at 4am for no reason"
b'i think i just remembered why i love being up early in the morning still before i go to bed.'
b'i think i am allergic to mornings.'
b'i think i am being punished for driving 2 years without a license. now they do not want to let me get my license. lol'
b'i think i am getting a sinus infection \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b"i think i am getting sick so that's the best thing that could possibly happen for me right now."
b'i think i am gonna suck dick this weekend " face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i think i am having fun peeling off the burnt skin of my face.'
b'i think i might be the saddest happy person and the meanest nice person to ever exist'
b'i think i missed out on the cute neat handwriting that every girl seems to have been born with'
b'i think i missed out on the " neat and cute handwriting " gene that every girl seems to have and this is unfair'
b'i think i am the drunkest person at this bed bath and beyond.'
b'i think i am the only person within my friend group without a license and/or job. oh well.'
b'i think i need a bit more fog horn in my day'
b'i think i need a intervention. literally been listening to them for 2 weeks straight.'
b'i think i need to give a day off to his been working hard nonstop since december - your day off tom bro lol'
b"i think i should be worried. it's raining and my mom is holding an umbrella, watering her plants."
b'i think its attractive when guys show their real emotions instead of pretending they dont care about anything'
b'i think its fishy anyway that whenever you get caught you suddenly want to disappear'
b"i think it's funny how there are only white people emojis... \xf0\x9f\x91\xb6\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xf0\x9f\x91\xa7\xf0\x9f\x91\xa8\xf0\x9f\x91\xa9\xf0\x9f\x91\xb4\xf0\x9f\x91\xb5\xf0\x9f\x91\xb1\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb6\xf0\x9f\x91\xaa\xf0\x9f\x91\xab besides this : \xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3 good thinking apple... winking face no entry sign"
b"i think it's funny that people who treat you like shit get offended when you finally do the same to them."
b'i think it\'s funny when dogs hide under the bed when they\'re scared. i am like " you idiot, that\'s the first place monsters go! "'
b"i think it's hilarious how guys in high school try hitting on my sister.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i think it's reasonable for me to assume that you're a sociopath if you do not like the marshmallows in lucky charms."
b"i think it's so cute when someone still remembers something that you told them a while back like aw wtf you listen and acknowledge me."
b"i think it's soo cute when girls act dumb on purpose"
b'i think it would be awesome to see coldplay live. like, i have grown up listening to every album of theirs.'
b'i think it would be so fun to date someone who has diabetes too. we could compete for who has the best blood sugar.'
b'i think may be the funniest dude in the world'
b"i think labor day is to remind people that after a full day with the family, going to work actually isn't so bad after all."
b'i think like reading our old messages just so it breaks my heart all over again...'
b"i think my dad is on drugs cause it's clearly raining and he's watering the grass"
b'i think my favorite feeling is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much i enjoy them and their presence'
b'i think my iphone is broken. i pressed the home button &amp ; i am still at school'
b'i think october, november and december are the best months of the year.'
b'i think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much you enjoy them and their existence'
b'i think one of the most groundbreaking inventions of all time is the jackhammer.'
b'i think she\'s actually starting to move on. i should hit her up real quick... " - ex boyfriends.'
b'i think sic transit gloria by brand new will always be one of my all time favorite songs'
b'i think some people need to donate their blood, all of it.'
b'i think the best part about being in a relationship would have to be arguing like a married couple'
b"i think the best personality trait a person can have is when they're both ungrateful and self entitled, it's just awesome. pouting face"
b'i think the new york jets should have a coach named benny. that is my one and only football opinion.'
b"i think there's finally enough stuff in my kitchen junk drawer to build a spaceship."
b'i think the tie was invented by someone who wanted to express how he felt about work but thought an actual noose was too obvious.'
b"i think the woman who invented the phrase 'all men are the same ' was a chinese woman who lost her husband in the crowd."
b'i think they have elephants upstairs! no one can be that heavy footed elephant'
b'i think today was the first day since i started a levels where i did not get any homework'
b'i think we have some young kendricks at our school...'
b'i think we should feel other people. " (blind couple breaking up. )'
b'i think what\'s her face knew him " yea totally know who you\'re talking about'
b"i think you know you've got a problem when every letter of the alphabet triggers a porn bonanza in your address bar."
b'i thought i was wanted... guess not'
b'i thought nomenclature was as fun as it got with chemistry, but predicting and balancing reactions and equations completely blew me away'
b'i thought we had something. you met my family, made me dinner, called me honey. now suddenly you\'re a " waitress " who was " doing her job? "'
b'i thought we might have bed bugs, then realized i forgot h1 blockers pm and am and i am actually just covered in hives. loudly crying face'
b'i thought you were stuck up before i first met you " nah honey you was just mad bc i am cute'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f three hour breaks'
b"i threw a bitch in the well, do not ask me i'll never tell. i looked away as she fell, dumb hoe was in my way."
b"it hurts like hell when you know that you need to let go of someone but you can't, bc you're still waiting for the impossible to happen."
b'it hurts when you go through something that kills you inside but you have to act like it does not affect you at all.'
b'it is a joy to be happy with you alden ;maine smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x93\x92\xe2\x93\xa3\xe2\x93\xa3'
b'it is always a great day when you are running on three hours of sleep.'
b'it is ama-za -zing what you can accomplish in a day when you do not spend half of it napping'
b'it is foolish to think you can solve a problem in the same mindset that it was created, you must raise your mind higher.'
b"it is freakin ' cold this morning. ouch. ready for autumn just yet."
b'it is incredible that the great sasuke gets away with virtually doing nothing for the majority of the year in his mu no taiyo gimmick.'
b'it is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. charles spurgeon'
b'it is raining. great'
b'it is raining outside so god is watering and purifying the earth, good night.'
b'it is truly easier to forgive your enemies than figure out how to limit their access to your facebook page.'
b'it just looks like hes dry humping his bed omg'
b'it just starts getting cold and im already sick... love the cold 0. o'
b"it just took me like 2 hours to straighten my hair and it's going to rain tm. kill me"
b'it looks like i live in a land full of wonderful things. you were wrong again.'
b'it makes me feel good when someone reads my text and not reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'it makes me sad that so many women feel like they have to wear makeup and clothes.'
b'it makes me so happy when people ignore me..'
b'it makes me so mad when i come home to no food! i am physically exhausted and all i want to do is eat man'
b'it may not be my religion, but i love how are shining light on being muslim. wonderful work!'
b'it might look like i am doing nothing, but at the cellular level i am really quite busy.'
b'it must be so weird being the spitting image of your parents or siblings bc i look nothing like mine'
b'i told my daughter that she can not have boyfriend till her age is off the clock. *puts military clock on wall *'
b'it only took me 20 minutes to find parking. good'
b'i totally enjoy when my managers tell me i look " hit " all the time.'
b'i totally have plenty of energy for this sprint through lax.'
b'i totally love crying'
b'it really pisses me off when parents let their uncontrollable kids run around screaming in public and they do not do anything about it.'
b'it really pisses me off when you catch your parents gossiping about you to family members like talk shit get hit bitch.'
b'i tried to look cute today but i still look bad " - the tragic story of my entire existence'
b"i tried to set my password as 'penis ' but the site told me it wasn't long enough"
b"i truly love coming home to a bed that's covered in mud from my dog unamused face"
b'i truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have the right to break down.'
b'i truly treat you as friend only.'
b'i trust you " is better than " i love you " because you may not always trust the person you love but you can always love the person you trust.'
b"i try not to be petty but it does not work the pettiness just comes out of my soul it's not possible for me to stop it i try but i just cant"
b'i try to get in at least 30 minutes of talking about exercise every day.'
b'i try to not look back at the past, i think of it as a toilet that flushes... do i really want to go there?'
b"it's 1. 30 am and i have school tomorrow.. 5 and a half hour sleep to me.. good unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face"
b"it's 2014 why do i still have to charge my fucking phone"
b"it's 2016 and they still have not made a collar that translates my dog's thoughts into words, like i do not even care about flying cars"
b"it's 2016, why can not we unselect a floor in the elevator yet?"
b'its 2016 why do i still need to charge my phone'
b"it's 3:00 am i am calling in to tell you that without you here... i am losing sleep, i am losing sleep."
b"it's 39 degrees, my hair is half wet, and we're having lab outside. yay."
b"it's 6:30am and my phone just exploded because i just won signed cleats from my favourite soccer players/ human beings. what a great day."
b'its 8:40 and i have to clean my room and do my homework nice awesome'
b"it's a beautiful morning, love waking up at 5am feeling rejuvenated"
b"it's actually embarrassing how much i care about having access to internet 24/7"
b"it's actually pretty easy to win an argument with a woman when you wait until she's not around to have it."
b"it's actually the voices outside my head that bothers me the most."
b"it's a day of thanks. why you still manage to piss me off fam \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95"
b'its a dog nyaum dog situation nice'
b"it's a foggy good morning and the start of another great day in colbert county."
b'its a good thing i do not have classes on fridays'
b"it's a great feeling waking up to no rain on a friday! how's your morning friends?"
b"it's a great time to bring your bikes in and have them looked over and fixed up while we aren't to busy."
b"it's a joke, not a dick. do not take it so hard."
b"there's no need to be scared love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f trust me, things will be better than today and yesterday. what goes down must come up"
b"it's a little known made up fact of mine that 40% of the air inside a mcdonald's is just farts."
b"it's all about the person you wanna own a dog with"
b"it's all fun and games this new year until someone calls the cops. then it's a new game called hide and seek."
b"it's all i can think of lately... being a i just love the idea of guys masturbating to me... watching them jerk off to me"
b"it's all wet and windy outside, who comes to school in such a storm"
b"it's almost 12 and i am cleaning my room because of a sudden spurt of energy face with tears of joy"
b'its almost 2014 and every now and then i still forget that its not 2012 anymore'
b"it's almost the weekend, why not grab a drink? shake up your own cocktail or enjoy your favorite one at lobby"
b"it's always a fun day when you go to the doctors & have to get blood work"
b"it's always a good day when you are told you need physical therapy for your knees..."
b"it's always a good practice when coach is crabby"
b"it's always a good time when your boyfriend speaks in a different language around his friends and you're with him."
b"it's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth."
b"it's always fun to have to call your surgeon in the middle of the night"
b"it's always nice to hear talking about terrorists attacking the us on the tv at the gate as you get on a plane."
b"it's always nice to try on your new dress and look like a fat lump sleepy face"
b"it's always such a struggle to get up early but once i am up i love being up early"
b"it's always the same... i open photoshop and immediately have to take a crop."
b"it's amazing how many people are allergic to gluten, peanuts, and facts."
b'its amazing how much i cant stand edinboro and its professors right now'
b"it's amazing how one little conversation can change things forever."
b"it's amazing how quickly we forget the lessons of school. employee morale would be much higher if we still had recess and naps."
b"it's another busy day of meetings and conferences at landmark mekong riverside hotel - a great big signature"
b"it's a rainy day & we can not take the students out to play for lunch break.. and youtube is blocked today (wasn't yesterday ) thanks"
b'its a really good thing my director chose the hardest songs for the audition'
b'its a shame how a man can be local and not see or spend time with his kids. smh x -( even a phone call'
b'why so vehli? please stalk me only xd'
b'it says it all about me right now'
b'its been a long time since i last recieved a goodnight text from anyone hahah crying face face with tears of joy'
b"it's been an exhausting day. phew! taking a power nap and hoping i wake up energized and ready to hit the gym hard tonight."
b"it's been a very very long time since i've woken up to a sweet good morning text"
b'its been a week since oakville go said they would get back to me on the shit service i had... still nothing. thanks'
b"it's been five minutes since adobe asked me to install an update. i hope they did not go out of business or something."
b'its been over 3. 5 years and still no sign of michael jackson. dammit, if anyone was going to come back as a zombie i was so sure it was him.'
b"it's been wonderful in liverpool meeting people and sharing the ugg love the allergy & free"
b"it's better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at the line for the rest of your life."
b"it's better to enjoy life committing mistakes & learn rather than playing safe in your entire life & learned nothing at all."
b'it scares me how different things are going to be a year from now.'
b'it scares me that you never know what someone is thinking or feeling towards you and everything that they say could be one massive lie'
b"it's christmas next month it's christmas next month it's christmas next month christmas next month."
b"it's cold out. some ppl went to the and pulled out coats... weary face it's that face with tears of joy"
b"it's cold, raining and i am trying to revise. why does the fire alarm have to go off now?"
b"it's come to this, wine on a school night and my diet this evening is onion rings with steak and ale casserole"
b'its comforting to know that mark " butt fumble " sanchez is my back up quarterback if nick " jesus " foles ever goes down.'
b'its coo i do not want to talk to anybody anyways'
b"it's crazy how you talk about having plans with somebody months in advance and then y'all stop fucking with each other and it does not happen"
b"it's crazy how when you're really into someone, you do not even notice anyone else."
b"it's cute that they sell family sized oreo boxes thinking that people are gonna share them with their family"
b"it's cute that you need someone to fight your battles for you smile"
b'it\'s depressing seeing how many people give up on their dreams at a young age because they\'re told to " be realistic ".'
b"it's easier to forgive your enemies than figure out how to limit their access to your facebook page."
b"it's easier to stay awake till 6 am, than to wake-up at 6am"
b"it seems like around 90% of my work day is spent between the hours of four and five o 'clock."
b'it seems racist that they call it black friday just because a bunch of people are trying to get into stores in the middle of the night.'
b"it seems the only time i can stay awake now it's at 4:30 in the morning. no need to sleep anymore. do not worry. i am fine."
b'it seriously sounds like elephants live upstairs'
b"it's exams week yaaay! smirking face"
b"it's feeling like the second chance but it's the first impression"
b"it's fine, only another few hundred years to wait until their renaissance"
b"it's fucked up when the 4th grader i babysit says he does not wanna eat dinner because his coach told him he needs to lose wait for wrestling"
b'its fucked up when you cleaning yo room and find bullets empty shell casings used condoms empty weed bags and shit face with tears of joy'
b"it's fucking freezing and it's raining and the fire alarm goes off"
b'its funny bc people think im quiet but im just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy you later in life'
b'its funny how everything is more interesting when you have to study white smiling face haha!'
b"it's funny how if you get an a on a test, ur grade goes up like 2 percent, but if you get an f on a test, your grade goes down like the titanic."
b'its funny how i love sleeping but hate going to bed early. rt if youre a night owl, too!'
b"it's funny how i am the 1 with the full time job while ur home sitting on ur ass but i have to keep up contact happening again! pouting face"
b"it's funny how people judge other's mistakes while they also do the same thing."
b"it's funny how the people you meet in the weirdest ways are usually the most amazing."
b"it's funny how they were strangers yesterday and suddenly started talking about their life tomorrow."
b"its funny how you can do nice things for someone all the time and they never notice, but if you make one mistake, it's never forgotten."
b"it's funny that wenger took off ozil over jack"
b"it's gna be periods where people you love need to be humbled, uplifted, &just to be left alone. it's your job to read that & act accordingly"
b"it's going to be a great day."
b'its good to wake up in the morning with a wet dream smile lalala'
b'it\'s gotten to the point where i can not even call it " procrastinating " anymore, i should just be calling it " jeopardizing my future. "'
b'it \xc2\x92s gotten to the point where i just do a peace sign as a natural reflex'
b"it's great not having a phone"
b"it's great when the one thing you do not want to think about, is the only thing you can think about."
b"it's great when you're mom wakes you up just to yell at me then she yells at me the entire morning"
b"it's halloween and you're sitting at home on twitter? hahahahahaha same."
b"it's hard to be a good person when everyone is so stupid."
b"it's hard to trust humans ; even the blind prefer to be guided by dogs."
b"it shouldn't have to take wearing shorts to make you realize you only shaved one leg"
b"it's hypocritical when you make the duck face and do not eat the bread i am trying to feed you."
b"it's impossible for my room to stay clean for more than 24 hours"
b'i was gonna go to the husky den to surprise you when you posted it on snapchat but it was raining face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'it\'s just a matter of making the crazies believe the " muslim database " to be a great test run for gun owner registration and we\'re done.'
b"its just lovely having everyone's eyes on me because i turned in my test first."
b"it's just stopped raining and one of my neighbors is watering his grass... wth face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"it's kinda funny how when you get older you start to enjoy the things you hated as a kid like taking naps and getting spanked"
b'its kinda scary how your whole life depends on how well you do as a teenager'
b'its kinda scary when you waste an entire day doing nothing and time just passes'
b"it's kind of funny how eyebrows can legit make or break you"
b'its like flooding here so good for classes in the pouring rain.'
b"it's like the more i sleep, the more tired i wake up."
b"it's like the msm are trying to lie and manipulate us to the will of the establishment... oh yeah"
b"it's literally painful to wake up before noon unamused face sleeping face"
b"it's literally so obvious that they do not 'love ' their job because everything they post is so fake and unnatural"
b"it's literally taking every ounce of me to not call."
b"it's literally the best feeling being ditched mid conversation unamused face"
b'its monday morning, its cold, but nothing like a naked to cheer you up'
b"it's monday, supposed to start fresh"
b"it's nice knowing that my mom and brother are totally behind my college decisions."
b"it's nice to know that you care"
b"it's nice to see how much everyone grew the hell up over the summer haha.."
b"it's nice to wake up to my mom cursing at my sister at 530 in the morning. just freaking marvelous."
b'it\'s not about having a perfect relationship but its finding someone who matches you, and you will go through everything without giving up. "'
b"it's not about having good grades it's about passing the semester"
b"it's not about having the perfect relationship, it's about finding someone who matches you and will go through everything without giving up"
b"it's not a day that do not go by that i do not thank god for waking me up to enjoy twitter and appreciate my followers."
b"it's not always just the heart. sometimes your mind breaks as well."
b"it's not a nap unless your face wakes up in a puddle of your own drool."
b"it's not april fool's day when your whole life is a joke."
b"it's not a sunday unless you completely waste it then feel really sad around 8pm"
b"it's not even 11 yet and i've already had coffee, 2 pieces of pizza & some popcorn aka my healthy eating kick is going fantastically"
b"it's not like i was staring at your last seen aslan aslan i do not give a shit about what's going on with you"
b"it's not my birthday and i did not like it face with tears of joy such an idiot face with tears of joy"
b"it's not my official job but basically all i do is piss people off."
b"it's not officially vacation, until you mess up your sleeping schedule."
b"it's not so much blowing my diet as preventing the fudgesicles from developing freezer burn."
b"it's suspicious that i've grown an order of magnitude week over week!"
b"it's not that i can not sleep - i just really need to time to consider every possible thing that could happen. ever."
b"it's not that i like being mean to people, it's just that sometimes their stupidity brings out my inner bitch"
b'it\'s not that i am not a " morning person " i love mornings i am just not a " waking up person "'
b"it's unusual for christians to feel threatened by my having read & studied the bible for many years before becoming an atheist."
b"it's not wrong to give up and cry when you can not take the pain. remember even clouds cry when they can not carry the rain."
b"it's not you... it's me"
b"it's not you, it's me. ' - twins looking at family photos"
b"it's okay i do not have any where to be. i do not have a life. take your time."
b"it's okay if you eat by yourself. more food for you!"
b"it's okay i have no where to be. i do not have a life. take your time."
b'its okay its not like that shit hurt my feelings or anything'
b"it's okay to burn a flag with your 1st amendment rights but god forbid you fly a flag with pride for the usa"
b"it's only 56 days before 2014 and i feel like the only thing i've done this year was disappoint everyone including myself"
b"it's on the chore list, *kido pointed out, sounded absolutely exasperated. * if it's not done in an hour, you're sleeping -"
b'it sounds like elephants just moved in upstairs... not happy'
b"it's pouring and it's so freaking foggy that you can not see shit. good"
b'its pouring rain good 5 seconds of summer'
b"it's pouring with rain here in glasgow tonight... but i am finally in the o2 academy with my aunt waiting for new order. good smiling face with open mouth"
b"it's predicted to rain all weekend white frowning face"
b'its pretty crazy that i am supposed to decide what i want to do for the rest of my life like hello my mom still talks to the doctor for me?'
b"it's pretty ironic how people get mad when you treat them the same way they treat you"
b"it's pretty terrible when your boss has a bad attitude. very motivating."
b"it's raining again and wow surprise my head feels awful"
b"it's raining and our neighbours are watering their garden"
b"it's raining in england, surprise surprise and i am soaking confused face only had to walk to the bus stop and all"
b'its raining in orlando " whoa surprise surprise thx for the notice'
b"it's raining outside and our fire alarm went off"
b"it's raining, the fire alarm is going off in irby, and i am wearing one direction pajamas."
b"it's raining today so the rain is watering them for me"
b"it's raining, what a surprise"
b"it's really awesome sharing a memory with someone special and you guys are the only people that has live that moment together. literally"
b"it's really awesome to be stuck in rain in a cab after an early morn appt and your subway stops"
b"it's really cute when people forget your existence until they need something"
b"it's really fun being a home owner later i have a new garage door opener & keypad neutral face"
b"it's really fun being awake at 2 in the morning when i have to work at 7"
b"it's really great to see who you care about more"
b"it's ridiculous how so much of your future depends on how successful you are as a teenager"
b"it's ridiculous that celebrities can spend a year of my college tuition on like, a necklace like it's nothing and i can not even afford a taco"
b"it's sad going to mcdonald's and finding out that a meal is happier than you."
b"it's sad how people claim to love and care about you and yet they replace you so quickly."
b'it\'s sad how society has changed. losing your phone \' is a bigger deal then losing your virginity "'
b"it's sad how you can defend someone for so long and then they turn out to be everything everyone said they were"
b'its sad that i am preparing myself so when my birthday comes and my bf does not buy me anything i wont be upset.'
b"it's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, become a sad memory to remember."
b"it's sad when the person you used to love the most turn into someone you're scared to be left alone with"
b"it's saturday & i am bored stuck babysitting"
b"it's great to have sean with us for the test"
b"it's shit like this that makes me regret the little arguments & fights"
b"it's so annoying when someone keeps talking after you've interrupted them."
b'its so annoying when you send people 3 questions or statements in a text and they only reply to one. you might as well not reply damnit'
b"it's so beautiful out!"
b"it's so beautiful outside omg smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"it's socially acceptable to believe in a god, and everything that goes with it, but not aliens."
b"it's so cute how all you care about is your boyfriend."
b'its so cute when they can tweet and not text back face with tears of joy'
b"it's so cute when you talk to someone a lot and you notice your phrases slowly slipping into their vocabulary"
b"it's so dumb when people say you've changed. it's like, yeah i also used to be a fetus, but now look at me."
b"it's so fun being ignored"
b'its so great when you and your team decide to meet to work on a project and no one actually shows up grinning face'
b"it's so hard when you're in a cuddly mood and do not have anyone to cuddle with this is an outrage"
b"it's so important to me that i have someone who's very realistic and logical cuz i live in my own head too much and that's not always good"
b'its so much fun hanging out with everyone speaking only spanish. more drinks please'
b"it's so much fun waking up now and getting ready for work! i love it!"
b"it's so much fun watching teams walkoff against the yankees! pouting face"
b"it's so sad that i literally argue with myself about whether or not i should subtweet"
b'its so sad when you defend someone for so long thinking they are different and then they turn out to be just like what everyone said they were'
b"it's so sweet having hives all over my body"
b"its so unfair when you love singing but you weren't born with a good voice face with cold sweat"
b"it's stupid when some dumbass girl has to ruin one of my friends relationship. smh, glad that bitch ain't my problem no more"
b"it's such a disappointment when a good looking person has a shitty personality."
b'its super fun but it got so repetitive that i got burnt out on it'
b"it's supposed to rain all weekend? we're moving..."
b"it's that believe able and he is always mad but sad really people change"
b"it's that time of the evening where my beer bottle has magically turned into a microphone again."
b'i count thursday afternoon as the start of weekend. i do not have classes on fridays.'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year!"
b"it's the smallest things that make you happy for me it's a great shower, good music and the rain. i feel so at peace \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f droplet"
b"it's here's hoping you took a moment to today. let the light hit you + say"
b"it's time to clean the refrigerator when something closes the door from the inside."
b"it's time to get busy. it's time to make a difference, and just think of how great that will feel."
b"it's too bad you can not wear that filter in real life."
b"it's totes cute when you have a boyfriend but still sleep with your ex smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b"it's tricky when you're ignoring someone and they ask you if you're ignoring them."
b"it's true what they say, you can not love someone else without first loving yourself"
b'it sucks when boys change friendships... but i have a lady date next weekend so good for more awkward new friends ha ha'
b"it's useless to show how much you care for that special someone when that person is too busy getting somebody's attention."
b"it's v weird that men who play a v homoerotic &aggressive sport are beating women and children. it just does not make sense."
b"it's way too warm for this sweatshirt, but it's so comfy i do not even care."
b'its wednesday and you are wearing pink... you know what that means!'
b'its weird how different your life could be if people found you more or less attractive'
b"it's what we have for today - life it's getting difficult -"
b"it's working now smile 5 seconds of summer"
b'it takes 42 muscles to frown, but only 4 to lift your middle finger.'
b'it takes about 2. 9 seconds for me to go from " this is the best day ever " to " i want to stab every human being on planet earth ".'
b'it takes me like three days to wake up in the morning.'
b"it takes men a long time to text back because we know it's going to be scrutinized like a document that was smuggled out of microsoft office"
b"it takes more muscles to frown than to smile. i've learned to hate fun because i want a super buff face."
b'it takes so much self control for me not to write, " you sure about that? " under facebook engagement announcements.'
b'it took 3 hours, some flash cards and a rather graphic puppet show but i have finally taught foreigner what love is.'
b'it took me about 2 hours but i finally opened my books to study'
b'i turned my phone onto " airplane mode " and threw it up into the air. worst transformer ever.'
b'i turned on my computer to do homework not to buy love live figures wtf'
b'i turned out liking you a lot more than i originally planned'
b'i turned up so hard tonight'
b'i turn " omg im still not married and without a career and no idea what im doing with my life " years old this month.'
b'i turn on my phone and all of a sudden i have a gazillion of notifications!'
b'why have you got someone who is quite clearly in the " no " camp giving his opinion on the referendum'
b'it was a close one this week smile'
b'it was a snow day at school and i fell while switching classes and my whole ass was wet and i had a hole in my pants'
b'it was fantastic to see such a big crowd in town to see the bshs formal and support the graduating class of 2015!'
b'it was hard to find the best ones. using a scheduler now. if we find any plagiarised one in our knowledge then will surely remove it'
b'it was literally 10:00 two minutes ago wut happened'
b'it was nothing like that first time.'
b'i realized you did not wave at me so now i look like an idiot for waving unamused face'
b'i tweaked making my doctors appt for 8:20 in the morning knowing i hate waking up before 8'
b'it would be awesome if did a bootleg of " batman " but in a similar way of his " dirty laundry " & " power/rangers " films movie camera'
b'it would be awesome if someone came over and did my laundry'
b'it would be awesome if we got 40ft of snow out of no where so i did not have to do my homework till 1 in the morning'
b'it would be interesting to do a study on the effects of tumblr/twitter on writing & literature in 50 yrs.'
b'it would be so cool if i could keep having these nightmares!'
b'it would seriously be such a shame if my class were to get cancelled... just one day. pensive face'
b'it would serve me better if they put shopping carts in the middle of the store where my pride realizes i have too much shit to carry.'
b'it would start raining when we have a fire alarm at 2:45 in the morning'
b'i understand you love the lawd, and he heard yo cry... i do too but on this twitter accountant, it goes down in the dm (and tl )'
b'i understand your frustration. sorry to see you have canceled your account. let us know if we can help in the future. thanks. *is'
b"i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f union county high school's dress code smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i used to be a really smart kid who was " going places " but now i just cry a lot and eat all the food in the fridge'
b'i used to be smart, then i got lazy.'
b"i used to call trump a wet sock but he's worse.. he's like a pair of damp khakis on a monday morning in december before school"
b'i used to eat a lot of natural foods until i discovered that most people die of natural causes.'
b'i used to eat like 5 or 6 cookies a day at lunch in middle school face with tears of joy so wet'
b"i used to forget time with you. now, i'll just forget you with time."
b'i used to get get made fun of for my " jay -z lips " now girls are suction cupping and getting injections for the same thing?'
b'i used to love getting up early, now all i want to do is stay in my bed forever. sleeping face'
b'i used to love getting up every saturday morning and watching the animated " new adventures of jesus christ, " but'
b'i used to think i was good at multi-tasking. turns out its just my multiple personalities doing one task at a time.'
b"i used to think the brain was the most important organ. then i thought, that's what it wants me to think."
b'i use sarcasm because flat out telling you ur a fucking moron is considered inappropriate & is frowned upon and i was raised better than that'
b'i use the word " like " way too much... like really.'
b'i use to tell people the truth yet they never really know since i only speak sarcastically.'
b"i've a fun day, apart from chores like ironing, washing etc & of course work, i've got a blood test & my b12 injection this am."
b'i\'ve always wanted to turn around in a big chair and say " i\'ve been expecting you. "'
b"i've basically been deathly ill for two days but still walking around like life is great bc i am too busy not too face with tears of joy"
b'ive been a major bitch at work, so after hard days i send i love you or apologies to coworkers i like because they get hit in crossfire.'
b"i've been avoiding exercise for a long time now. you might say i am in the fitness protection program."
b"i've been babysitting all day even at a party i am stuck babysitting."
b"i've been burnt sad melbourne is where the real fun is!"
b'i\'ve been " cleaning my room " for the bast 5 hours now... aka not even cleaning anything at all'
b'ive been covered in hives for the past 4 hours and im itchy why is this happening'
b"i've been disappointed so many times, not giving a fuck is almost a reflex."
b"i've been disappointed so many times, now i just expect people to fuck up."
b"i've been doing homework for the past 5 hours. unamused face"
b'ive been driving my truck for a year and a half without a license and its run fine. the day before i get my license it blows a head. wtf 6. 0'
b"i've been driving without a license for a week now, and i just realized that flushed face"
b"i've been eating a lot of extra calories since daylight savings to make up for that hour of eating i missed."
b"i've been gone for pretty much two weeks and i come home to no family and no food... where did everyone go?"
b"i've been home alone all day just blasting music and dancing while i do shit. i wish i never had roommates."
b'i\'ve been in a " i do not even care anymore " mood a lot lately'
b"i've been really depressed these past few days. finally visited a therapist and got diagnosed. turns out, i am poor."
b"i've been saving up my tickets for 27 years sir, and i would like to purchase this very chuck e cheese."
b"i've been staring at my homework for over an hour"
b"i've been talking shit but tell me why i just got a message on kik and was low key hoping it was you cussing me out. face with tears of joy"
b'i\'ve been to all the liquor stores, but i still can not find this " responsibly " they keep advertising.'
b"i've been trying to nap since 9 so that i'd sleep a little before i have work and i've literally slept a half hour. the hell."
b'ive been tryna sleep for like a half hour now and im just so stressed about a coworker i cant even sleep.'
b"i've been up for 2 min and i am covered in hives thank you lola"
b"i've been up since 4:15am and i am not even tired yet flushed face"
b'i\'ve been using google for 10 years and i have no idea what the " i am feeling lucky " button is for.'
b'ive been waiting for memories and act like you love me im secreaming'
b'i\'ve been wondering what " please do not touch " would be in braille'
b"i've been working non stop since the 15th and i do not have a full day off until the 27th."
b"i've been working on a wengie edit all day omf 5 seconds of summer"
b'ive been working since last thursday, and my day off is tuesday. i am almost there loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i've decided that the answer to all of life `s problems is : hug your mom!"
b"i've done all my homework! i am in love! my legs are shaved! i am at peace w the universe"
b"i've drank so many whiskey fireball shots this weekend that i am officially a dragon now."
b"i've emptied countless bottles, hoping to find the meaning of life at the bottom of one of them. no luck so far. but i am no quitter"
b"i've finally seen god's not dead and i wish i would have seen it sooner!"
b"i've got about another 10 years to wait thankfully. let me know what to expect! weary face"
b"i've got an 11 hour day tomorrow and this bitch is gonna take a fuckin shower at 1:30am so i can not sleep"
b"i've got an injection tomorrow so that's fun"
b"i've got chubby cheeks on top of resting bitch face and i end up always looking like a pissed off toddler."
b'ive got like 8 tests tomorrow & i have to wake up for school in 5 hours but it was worth the wait'
b"i've gotten maybe three texts all day, so that's cute."
b"i've gotten to the point of procrastination where i am cleaning my room in order to not write this paper"
b"i've got the best luck in the world!"
b"i've got years to wait around for you"
b"i've know about and seen my kids with viral rashes. in an effort to be unique, e is covered head to toe with viral hives. yay?"
b'ive learned that people will only fuck with you when they see you doing good'
b"i've learned to let them live the happily ever after, cause see that shit was built on a lie. so it's sure to fall. sleeping face"
b"i've liked you since i met you."
b"i've literally only been listening to and for the past two days."
b"i've literally tried every route possible to take home and not a single one avoids traffic weary face"
b"i've literally watched every episode of keeping up with the kardashians."
b"i've lived i've loved i've lost i've missed, i've hurt i've trusted i've made mistakes but most of all, i've learned."
b"i've lost friends in the process of figuring myself out. i am ok with that."
b"i've missed some episodes of bc homework and stuff but i love spoilers yo lemme know"
b"i've missed you monday"
b"i've never been in love... but i imagine its similar to the feeling you get when you see your waiter arriving with your food."
b'ive never broken a bone the skeleton inside me is too powerful and strong and i will defeat all of you in the skeleton war'
b"i've never gotten hives before, and now i am covered in them face with head bandage"
b"i've never had angry sex. i am always happy and quite surprised that it is actually happening."
b"i've never skydived before but i've zoomed in on google maps really fast once"
b"i've never used my new phone on full brightness it has yet to lose its virginity"
b"i've noticed the drunker women get the more they want to sing hits from the 80s."
b"i've noticed the less open-minded someone is, the more open-mouthed they tend to be."
b"i've only been awake for ten minutes and today already sucks."
b"i've only had 1 day off all month. i've worked two 70 hour weeks this month also. working lots while i am young so i can coast when i am older"
b"i've only had one class n i am already exhausted. this is why you stopped coming to school in the first place."
b"i've probably learned more from google than i have from school."
b"i've puked twice today, i had to shower to get the puke out of my hair, had to work, my hand hurts, but yes, i'd love to go out again."
b"i've reached that stage where sleeping is a chore and i'd rather just drink coffee and continue working."
b"i've realized that instead of posting all my problems on facebook, its better to find solutions for them on google."
b'i very nearly became a liverp **l fan after that build up by itv'
b"i've said it before and i'll say it again : it before"
b"i've seriously been trying to come up with a miley cyrus joke all day, but it's just not twerking... man"
b"i've spent my whole day doing nothing, watching movies on my couch with grove street and it was great"
b"i've watched so much top gear this weekend i think i need to suck something to balance it out..."
b"i've worked the past 4 days and do not get a day off for another 5. surprisingly this isn't upsetting me. i am actually enjoying working again"
b'i wake up, babe goes to sleep. gotta love that manager life.'
b'i wake up everyday planning to be productive and then a voice in my head says " ha good one " and we laugh and laugh and take a nap.'
b'i wake up excited. i made it through the night. the things we do in the dark do not allow us to see the light.'
b'i wake up excited to go to sleep'
b'i wake up from my nap planning to be productive and then a voice in my head says " ha good one " and we laugh and laugh and fall back asleep'
b'i walk into my house and literally 2 seconds later my dog pukes on my boots while i am still wearing them.'
b'i wanna be a nice person but everyone is so stupid'
b'i wanna be famous so i can be friends with other famous people'
b"i wanna be rich enough they will not be calling me lazy anymore. oh she's not lazy, she just has a laidback lifestyle."
b'i wanna be tan layin on the beach where my only care is which swimsuit do i wear tomorrow'
b'i wanna date someone cuter than me but sadly i am the cutest'
b'i wanna do bad things to you smile like break ur fucking neck'
b'i wanna go for walks in the middle of the night but i also dont want to die ya feel'
b'i wanna go to an american school omg sad'
b'i wanna go to the gym so bad rn but i have to babysit for another hour and a half :-/ itll hve to wait'
b'i wanna jump off a building and not die just relieve stress by slamming onto the sidewalk and then get up and go get a slurpee or something'
b'i wanna lay on the floor and not think for a month or two'
b'i wanna save it to my camera roll not snapchat memories'
b'i wanna scream and shout and let it out... definitely a song written in the toilet whilst taking a poop.'
b'i wanna see you without makeup " bitch you will see me w whatever i want to present myself as so deal w my glitter lids n strong contour'
b'i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am staring at the stars and talking about all the problems we have going on.'
b'i wanna talk about it but i really dont wanna talk about it'
b'i wanna wake up and be excited for the day, even if i am still a grumpy gremlin'
b'i wanna win! love to argue, and you best believe they will win every argument.'
b'i want a boyfriend who will take me to concerts.. or just a boyfriend.. or just concert tickets.. or concert tickets to see my boyfriend'
b"i want a democrat at the doctor's office and a republican at the accounting office."
b"i want a job at starbucks because i am going to spell everyone's name wrong so they can not instagram their cups."
b'i want a job where i can get paid to eat.'
b'i want an extra large beer right about now.'
b'i want an iphone with bbm and a nokia battery.'
b'i want dj khaled job. all he do is shout his own name'
b'i want dogs to be allowed at more places and i want children under 8 not be.'
b'i wanted to be you for halloween, but the store is sold out of pathetic bitch costumes!'
b'i wanted to go this yr but (1) i had summer classes (2) i started working full-time and (3) im now off to school'
b'i wanted to wait but my cough was getting uncontrollable again... so just dosed myself, and now i get to write btb. yay.'
b'i want everyone to like me and i am willing to do next to nothing to make that happen.'
b'i want my music so loud that i can not hear my life crashing and burning'
b'i want one of those jobs where people ask, " do you actually get paid for doing this? "'
b'i want someone to look at me the way i look at pizza.'
b'i want someone to look at me the way i look at the waiter when he brings my meal.'
b'i want someone who will not get tired of me, who will not get bored of me, who will not give up on me.'
b'i want the drugs of the first guy who was like " dude, let\'s carve a face into a pumpkin. "'
b'i want to be a nice person but everyone is so stupid.'
b'i want to be left alone but also showered with love and affection, is that too much to ask?'
b'i want to be skinny but i also want pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner. do you feel me?'
b'i want to be the reasons why you look down at your phone, smile and then walk into a pole.'
b'i want to create a facebook event called " shut the f*ck up " and invite everybody.'
b'i want to cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle'
b'i want to date a girl with nipple piercings ; as long as mine do not get caught on hers we will good.'
b'i want to drop everything and just travel the world with someone who wants to just as much as i do'
b'i want to go on a big road trip with my best friends and just get away.'
b'i want to go to the beach in the middle of the night just to walk and admire the sound of the ocean waves or something idk'
b'i want to kidnap joy from her stupid boarding school and take her with me to see mockingjay'
b'i want to kiss you but i also want to light you on fire at the same time'
b'i want to live by the ocean but also in the forest but also in the mountains but also in a big city but also in the countryside you feel me'
b'i want to live in a world where the food network delivers.'
b'i want to love you, but i have crust issues. -pizza on a date'
b"i want to make a facebook account & name it 'nobody ' so when i see stupid crap people post, i can like it. and it'll say nobody likes this."
b'i want to make out with a different person every day for the rest of my life do i need a kickstarter'
b"i want to meet myself from someone else's point of view."
b'i want to meet the guy at hewlett packard who decides how many minutes of strange noises their printers make before printing 1 page.'
b'i want to meet the teenage versions of my parents.'
b'i want to reenact the fantasy scenes from 50 shades of grey. like the one where she gets a job right out of college.'
b'i want to see because is literally the funniest person ever.'
b'i want to sleep and erase that memory of whatever happened to me in the last half hour'
b'i want to sleep for 2 years and wake up with a degree, an apartment and money in the bank.'
b'i want to spend the rest of my cell phone battery with you.'
b'i want to spend the rest of my life photo bombing the google street view camera shots dressed as waldo.'
b'i want to start working out so i can look bomb when summer comes around'
b'i want to stop drinking... but my mom did not raise a quitter!'
b'i want to talk to you so bad but i am just gonna sit here in hopes that you start the conversation first.'
b"i want you to look at me like you've never looked at anyone else. i want you to look at me like i have something other girls don't."
b'i was about to leave my girlfriend because she is too controlling but she said no... so we are still together.'
b'i was about to make a joke about pangaea, but it kinda fell apart.'
b'i was already half way asleep & then my mom comes in here waking me up asking if i want sunny hearts in the morning. i love her'
b'i was asked what i look for in a relationship. apparently, " a way out " wasn\'t the right answer.'
b'i was a sweet kid, but savvy. the kind that would put expiration dates and " do not copy " warnings on hug coupons for his mom.'
b'i was blessed with no classes on fridays this semester one can only hope for the best next semester'
b'i was born without you so guess what? i can live without you.'
b'i was called " the screamer. " good heavens. the phone rang off the hook when i lost my virginity.'
b"i was complimented on my driving today. someone left a note on my windshield that said, 'parking fine '"
b'i was dead asleep for a half hour then a text woke me up now i can not go back to sleep smh.'
b'i was falling asleep in class a half hour ago... i get to my bed and can not sleep wtf'
b'i was getting really depressed today but then i realized double cheeseburgers exist'
b'i was going to dress down tomorrow and actually attempt to look decent but i realized sleep is more important face with tears of joy'
b'i was going to give you a nasty look but i see you already have one.'
b"i was gonna take over the fuckin ' world this morning but i overslept. postponed. again."
b'i washed the car yesterday. so today it is raining.'
b'i was hoping just a little more shit could hit the fan this week.'
b'i was hung up on when i called in cool!'
b'i was just sitting down to do hw and i suddenly had an allergic reaction to something so now my arms and legs are covered in hives smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i was just thinking about how great my day was going and then my pop exploded inside of my car while i was driving. no more great day.'
b'i was kinda hoping that someone would quote my last tweet with " do not quote me boy cuz i a not said shit "'
b'i was literally outside of lucas oil stadium for 5 minutes before going in, but made the video!'
b'i was not waiting for your love before it was out on this shore, i never really get this feeling in my chest'
b"i wasn't awkward either \xf0\x9f\x98\x81.. good for progression"
b"i wasn't baked or anything"
b"i wasn't mad. then you asked me 10 times if i was mad. now i am mad."
b'i wasn\'t that drunk! " " dude, you asked your mom if she had kids'
b'i wasn\'t that drunk. " dude, you made your girlfriend a sandwich!'
b'i was putting lotion on after my shower, and i am just now realizing i only shaved one leg'
b'i was really hoping that that would make me feel better but i literally just feel like utter shit'
b"i was so busy doing my boyfriend's homework that i forgot about another one but my friends did it for me loudly crying face i love friendship loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i was so excited for him to meet my dad and that's the only thing hurting me rn"
b'i was so excited for thxgiving break untill i got my schedule today and found out i was working 41 hours nxt week and only have 1 day off'
b'i was so high once, i walked into class, sat down and tried to put my seatbelt on. i reached up to check da mirror & i grab the teacher titty'
b'i was so mad a couple minutes ago, but then i remembered i only shaved one leg today. ha'
b"i was so poor growing up if i wasn't a boy, i'd have had nothing to play with."
b'i was so pumped to travel home until they canceled my flight last minute thanks to the damn snow anguished face'
b'i was so sad about not getting the car i wanted, but then i saw someone cycling home in the rain... i am a lucky girl four leaf clover'
b'i was so tired this morning, i just realized i only shaved one leg'
b'i was such an attractive human being in 9th grade. face with tears of joy'
b'i was super drunk in the shower and only shaved one leg.'
b'i was supposed to go out but noooo i got stuck babysitting'
b'i was supposed to go to sleep a half hour ago but i am not feeling it'
b'i was supposed to go to the movies this weekend, but the rain said otherwise loudly crying face'
b'i was terrified of teenagers as a kid now i am one and im still scared of them'
b"i was thinking about how great my bed would be and i just said i was going to go to sleep and now i feel wide awake? mate it's not okay."
b'i was told today to look at my life from a different perspective. i am lying on the floor now and the shit still looks fucked up.'
b'i was too lazy and tired last night and just realized i only shaved one leg ugh'
b'i was violently scratching my body all night so i went to the bathroom to realize i am covered in hives \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3'
b"i was watching the walking dead there's two people in the show who need insulin injections i wasn't making fun of anyone"
b'i went from having the day off to working 645am -6pm'
b'i went to a tmj specialist today and turns out my jaw has been out of place for a while and now i get to wear a jaw splint. good \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x94\xab'
b'i went to target to buy some angry orchard in my fav seasonal flavor this way i can drink it when my tum stops hurting and im excited'
b'i went to the bank of england museum on my lunch break. lots of interactive exhibits about keeping the interest rate at 2%'
b'i whisper " what the fuck " to myself at least 20 times a day'
b'i will always love you but i can not live like that! \xe2\x80\x94 ouvindo adema (\xc3\xa1lbum )'
b'i will attempt to go to sleep weary face sleeping face expressionless face'
b'i will be responsible for my actions... when my actions become more responsible.'
b'i will be totally ok with you not being in my life, do not flatter yourself honey.'
b'i will give my right arm for this opening track'
b'i will kill you with kindness even if i have to beat the shit out of you.'
b'i will literally pay someone to come & pack for me'
b'i will never forget the day when she said yes to me because that was the last time we agreed on anything.'
b'i will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, i will go'
b'i will never understand the physics behind british people losing their accents when they sing.'
b'i will not be impressed with technology until i can download food from the internet.'
b'i will not end up with a c + and i am going to try my best to get that b in algebra'
b'i will not let this be on my mind all day. i will not let this drive me crazy.'
b'i will respect any religion you practice... as long as you never knock on my door to tell me about it.'
b'i will stop eating ice cream out of the container once i make it completely level.'
b'i will straight up walk into traffic to avoid a kid selling something.'
b'i wish all these random ass ppl stop following me now... shit annoying!'
b'i wish all videos of people twerking ended with them catching on fire.'
b'i wish a nigga would try to fight me with dreads, nose ring, eye piercing, or a pony tail.. all that shit is coming out face with tears of joy'
b"i wish bears actually liked humans so they could give you authentic bear hugs... that'd be the best."
b'i wish boobs did the bra thing without having to wear the bra'
b'i wish college had coupons. buy one semester, get one semester free face with tears of joy'
b'i wish disney channel had a throwback week.'
b'iwish everyone would just do whats right.'
b'i wish everything i liked was less expensive or maybe even free'
b'i wish every time i made a mistake in life a red line would appear which i could click on and get recommended alternatives.'
b'i wish exercising was as easy as eating.'
b'i wish getting out of bed was as easy as getting into bed'
b'i wish i could actually get paid doing drawings and designing shit. so far all my art related work has been volunteer work'
b'i wish i could be an attention whore like you.'
b"i wish i could fast forward and see if niggas gon be shit/grow up 5 years from now.. it'll be easier to stop fuckin with them"
b'i wish i could go back in life, not to change it, just to feel a couple things twice.'
b'i wish i could go back to the day i met you, and walk the hell away.'
b'i wish i could google shit like : " where the fuck is my phone? " and it be like : " under your pillow, dumbass. "'
b'i wish i could google " things in my fridge " so i would not have to walk all the way downstairs and be disappointed'
b'i wish i could have the price is right audience around whenever i am making important life decisions.'
b'i wish i could hurt you the way you hurt me. but i know that if i had the chance, i would not do it.'
b'i wish i could illegally download clothes.'
b'i wish i could just " like " a text so i do not have to respond.'
b'i wish i could just sleep. shit.'
b'i wish i could live like spongebob, laugh out loud all day without any reason and annoy the bad people with my happiness.'
b"i wish i could pick which brain cells the alcohol kills... there's alot of crap i wish i could forget about"
b'i wish i could play with my own hair and fall asleep to the rain'
b'i wish i could record my dreams and watch them later.'
b'i wish i could rewind time. just so i could fix a few things.'
b'i wish i could share all the funny shit i see with yall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i wish i did not have classes on fridays weary face'
b"i wish i didnt love bmth's new sound as much as i do bc they're such jerks and shit on the genre that made them famous but here i am"
b'i wish i didnt work and stay up all night sleep all day, do nothing productive with my life, and going no where with it like most of ya'
b"i wish i'd lose my phone as easily as i lose my virginity."
b'i wish i had a bf so i can fuck the shit outta him face with tears of joy ion know the rest'
b'i wish i had a cute laugh but instead i sound like a dying seal'
b'i wish i had a delete button in my life. to delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.'
b'i wish i had a fun multiplayer game friends were playing, maybe i am burnt out but halo is just not what i wanna play rn.'
b'i wish i had a monozygotic twin so i could be entered in a bunch of studies'
b'i wish i had clear skin and a billion dollars in the bank and people who actually gave a fuck about me'
b'i wish i had enough selfies to change all of my profile pics on every social media like some other people.'
b'i wish i had hoes fighting over me face with tears of joy loudly crying face sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b"i wish i had kim kardashian's talent of not having any talent and making money out of it."
b'i wish i had more homework'
b'i wish i had one of those kim kardashian jobs where they pay you for just living cause damn'
b'i wish i had so much spare time on my hands i could stand around screaming the bible at uninterested people in a high street... unamused face'
b'i wish i had speakers built inside my shower'
b"i wish i had that friend that lived next door and they'd come over just to kick it and watch movies or something"
b'i wish i had the answer to so many things but i just fucking do not'
b'i wish i had the heart to ignore you like you ignore me.'
b'i wish i knew how my brain remembers certain things but not other things like i remember the most random shit.'
b'i wish i knew more spanish. this beautiful hispanic girl just hit on me and i replied, " me llamo es dora. let\'s go exploring! "'
b'i wish i knew ur mom email so i could message her real quick to tell her to go in ur room to slap the shit outta you'
b'i wish i lived in a world where i could go on a late night walk at like 2am and dont have to be scared of getting raped or killed'
b'i wish i loved anything as much as short guys love being cops.'
b'i wish i loved exercise as much as i love napping 3 times a day and eating 5 times the suggested serving size.'
b'i wish " im tired " was a valid excuse to stay away from school'
b'i wish it was possible to drink rumchata at parties without people judging because that shit tastes exactly like cinnamon toast crunch milk'
b'i wish i was a cat because the fatter you are the more people like you.'
b'i wish i was an iceberg because icebergs dont have to go to school or have crushes on people they just float around destroying things'
b"i wish i was at the ama's 2015 so many great artists were there holy shit all of my idols and faves"
b'i wish i was better at hiding when i am annoyed/pissed off but my face says it all lol i literally will give you major death stares'
b'i wish i was better at telling people how i really feel'
b'i wish i was cool and smoked vape everyday. ha'
b'i wish i was in a gang, i never know what to do with my hands when taking pictures.'
b'i wish i was in engineering so i could watch lord of the rings in the lounge too..'
b'i wish i was in shape but pizza is everything sorry'
b'i wish i wasnt so fucking insecure about my body like damn son i just want to wear shorts without almost crying'
b"i wish i wasn't working tomorrow i need a day off by myself"
b"i wish i was older. so much shit would be handled and i'd have no more worries."
b'i wish i was pretty and funny and had nice legs and a flat stomach and could run for 10 minutes straight without dying.'
b'i wish i was sleep rn cos this shit annoying'
b'i wish i was turning 21 next month so i could get my concealed to carry license only two years to wait expressionless face'
b'i wish i were a jedi. i do not want to use the force or anything. i just want to hang out in my bathrobe everyday.'
b'i wish my arms were big enough to wear bro tanks...'
b'i wish my bank account refilled as fast as my laundry basket.'
b'i wish my eyes could take pictures.'
b"i wish my friend's houses were connected to mine via secret tunnels."
b'i wish my grandma would just tell me i am the princess of genovia by now so i can drop out of school.'
b'i wish my immunization records a hurry up and come, so i can send my shit off to usm, really finna get pissed'
b'i wish my mind had a delete button'
b'i wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply.'
b'i wish my phone would stop correcting " omg " to " omg " i am not that shocked'
b'i wish my pillow could collect my dreams and when i wake up i could plug it into my computer and watch them over again.'
b'i wish my wallet was as fat as i am'
b'i wish neener and teejer would help a girl out with some cash flow'
b'i wish was coming back sooner. good shit'
b'i wish on a daily basis i only had to worry about myself.'
b'i wish physics is as fun as chemistry'
b'i wish ppl were more straight up w shit lol'
b'i wish schools cared about the cleanliness of the restrooms as much as they do about dress code'
b'i wish school was as easy as half the girls in it.'
b'i wish she wake up \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9, she anit got shit to do tomrroww'
b'i wish shit was how it used to be'
b'i wish someone loved me as much as white women in commercials love yogurt.'
b'i wish someone would tell me what to eat and how to exercise and when to do my homework and when to stop drinking'
b'i wish stuff did not irritate me. i wish i did not care about shit at all. then i would not be mad, or sad, or feel shit.'
b'i wish that i could be like like the cool kids "'
b'i wish that i could fall asleep, and wake up with all of my problems gone.'
b'i wish the minutes between hitting the snooze button lasted as long as microwave minutes.'
b'i wish we could donate body fat to those in need'
b'i wish we were cheering tomorrow but i can not wait to sit and watch our boys make history.'
b'i wish you could see how the shit would look on your head before you do it'
b'i wish you were here'
b"i woke up and died a little this morning when i realized its a school day and it's not the weekend"
b'i woke up like this smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i woke up like this'
b'i woke up next to my girl without make up & thought i cheated on her.'
b'i woke up still drunk on your love heavy black heart'
b'i woke up to thid beautiful blessing i love my life'
b'i woke up with a zit on my lip ; to avoid any confusion, i wrote " not herpes " next to it with a ball-point pen.'
b'i wonder how long it takes a giraffe to throw up.'
b'i wonder how many calories i burn when i run away from my problems'
b'i wonder how often i am being talked about.'
b"i wonder how people describe me when they're talking about me to someone who has never met me"
b'i wonder how people would react if i walked into sea world with a fishing pole.'
b"i wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase :'thanks for coming. '"
b"i wonder if buzz and woody ever met some of andy's mom's toys. especially since they probably have the same names"
b'i wonder if cats worry about ending up living alone with socially awkward teenagers.'
b'i wonder if clouds ever look down on us and say, " hey look, that one is shaped like an idiot. "'
b'i wonder if hundreds of years from now civilizations will look at our emojis how we look at egyptian hieroglyphics'
b'i wonder if more children were conceived because of alcohol or more alcohol was consumed because of children.'
b'i wonder if superman ever put glasses on lois lane\'s dog & she was like, " i\'ve never seen this dog before. is this a new dog? "'
b"i wonder if tap dancers walk into a room, look at a floor and think, 'i'd so tap that. '"
b'i wonder if teachers play the " who\'s a virgin " game in their heads in class.'
b'i wonder if ted mosby\'s wife will tell the kids her version of " how i met your father " for another 9 years'
b"i wonder if the clothes in china say,'made around the corner. '"
b'i wonder if there is a secret feud between rocket scientists and brain surgeons.'
b'i wonder if women in china complain that all guys are the same.'
b'i wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.'
b'i wonder what it feels like to have your life together'
b'i wonder what it feels like to sleep for more than half hour at a time sleeping face'
b'i wonder what its like to be hot. must be nice'
b'i wonder what the word for dots looks like in braille.'
b'i wonder who im going to marry one day like who is gonna keep up with me wow'
b"i wonder who the first person was to see an egg come out of a chickens butt and think... 'that looks tasty, i am gonna eat that. '"
b"i wonder why all pti and pmln workers are animals ppp one's should be than political parties smile"
b'i wonder why do i love these jerks.'
b"i wonder why i never learned my lesson, it's feeling like the second chance and it's the first impression"
b'i will not be impressed by technology until the day i can close the youtube app but the music continues playing'
b'i will not be impressed with technology until i can download food.'
b'i will not come to your party unless you have an animal i can spend the whole time hanging out with.'
b'i will not take a bullet for anyone because if i have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.'
b"i will not take selfies with other people y'all do not know my angles"
b'i will not talk to those who betray me " then you ignore the one and run back to the other'
b"i work in a library, you'd think i remember to stable my papers"
b'i would call my coworkers complete idiots, but that would mean that they have actually completed something.'
b'i would cheat my wife for you " is certainly not a good compliment on your girlfriend\'s dp.'
b"i would do but i do not wan t to get out of bed it's cold and my beds warm and i do not have to go school anymore good for me"
b'i would enjoy school more if it was acceptable to bring a pillow and blanket.'
b'i would fold this fitted sheet but i do not have a degree in engineering'
b'i would get stuck babysitting today out of all days expressionless face'
b'i would give my right arm for a tesla smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i would give my right arm or leg for a signed copy of i love'
b'i would give my right arm to be able to chug nyquil right now'
b'i would give my right arm to get with karl from love actually. even in a turtle neck.'
b'i would give my right arm to go back to my two otra dates'
b'i would give my right arm to just sit on the set of and to have wardrobe...'
b'i would give my right arm to know what was harrys first reaction when he was choosing the outflit'
b'i would give my right arm to see odesza again tonight'
b'i would give up my right arm to go to pentacon'
b'i would hate to be a weather man and be married. nobody wants to be wrong all the time.'
b'i would hope that if i was ever cheated on that they would take me to the jerry springer show just so i could make an ass of myself..'
b'i would just like to publicly announce that i have no idea what i am doing'
b'i would like to invite you to stop inviting me to like your page on facebook.'
b'i would like to take this time to thank my teacher for ending class 45mins early and bus 69 for not making me wait long sad'
b'i would like to thank everyone who made sure i knew the colts lost last night unamused face expressionless face weary face'
b'i would like to thank my arms, for always being by side. my legs, for always supporting me, and my finger because i can always count on them'
b"i would love clinicals if it weren't 5 hours \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i would love for a bitch to try to tell me i was bald headed face with tears of joy face with tears of joy or missing something off my head sleeping face'
b'i would love it if i went to bed and then woke up with them following me smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i would love to be a famous rapper but my fan base would be tiny and i would not charge so it would not work ahaha'
b'i would love to come see your band but i am lying'
b'i would love to look great for 5 am clinicals but i value sleep so much more'
b"i would love to not fall asleep while writing this paper. that'd be dope. k thx bye"
b'i would love to see the syllabi from the classes you are teaching this semester'
b'i would love to stay up and watch my boys on kimmel but ya girl woke up early so \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f out'
b'i would love to stay up but its a struggle waking up'
b'i would love to take a day off of social media but i feel so alone and left out when i am not up to date on everything'
b"i would never wish bad upon anyone from my past. i do wish y'all get exactly what you deserve though. if it happens to be bad, that's on you"
b"i would not call it a career, it's more of a soul-sucking paycheck making machine."
b'i would not make it very long as a tattoo artist because i would always be asking " you\'re f*cking kidding me, right? "'
b'i would not say i am a stalker so much as i am a covert observation enthusiast.'
b'i would not want to spend my day off with anyone else. i love & miss you \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'i would only want to bungee jump if i could slap someone at the bottom and bounce away giving them the finger.'
b'i would present on the day some other guy has the same topic... good go me expressionless face but i went first so ha still awkward tho'
b'i would probably give my right arm for a li bagel right now.'
b'i would probably rather get into your pantry than your panties'
b'i would rather give you my virginity than my phone charger'
b"i would rather play russian roulette than monopoly. at least i know there's an end to that game."
b'i would recognize a band member in public faster than my own parents'
b'upstairs neighbors walk like fucking elephants.'
b'i would wake back up after midnight.'
b'i would watch tennis more often if they replaced the ball boys with untrained golden retrievers.'
b'i write with a poison pen 5 seconds of summer'
b'i wrote a short mini fic on my nsfw twitter abt sendo liking the feeling of it through clothes basically gets off dry humping ippo'
b'i wrote my 5 paragraph essay in german class did my german homework in chemistry then my chemistry lab at lunch and i am still behind so good'
b'izzie when she only shaved one leg'
b'way to go. great role model'
b'i absolutely love this, seen it before but never gets old face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'yuup... live is good sad jk'
b'jade is my aiesec mentor! what a complete and totally random coincidence this is'
b'its literally becoming a joke now. turning into a joke football club'
b'yeah we do lol i am definitely blasting his ass like i dont pay thousands of dollars to have to deal with this shit in class'
b'jah you stole it while i was blind, but now i received my sight back demand all my belongings b4 i go mad. -joke'
b'thanks for the tip winking face exam technique has to be great as well!'
b'not really on the birthday but i did celebrate early with a fun weekend in vegas last wkend'
b'james blunt-carry you home 4 the youth'
b'oh yeah it should be no more than two, and should have to suffer a certain amount of defeats and a certain amount of (1/2)'
b'james just called me not ftb right after i tossed his salad..'
b'my sleeping pattern is fucked up thanks to u, bae! now i look like a very creepy panda. or zombie!'
b'best kind of people'
b"james you were threatening to pee on him last night and you're telling me to be nice face with tears of joy"
b'nah im good. he fucked up with the other song i rather not. thanks though'
b"hey dude, are you working with klie? that's awesome! lindsay and i love their games - can not wait to hear your stuff in game smile"
b'where were you today? i love your lunch show. i only get to hear it every 4 weeks on a day off!'
b'ur have a great sense of humour face with tears of joy'
b'jar + double drops + blood bank = fun'
b'that\'s why you do not say " ur ". we\'re not in high school anymore. oh wait.'
b'alright well be more mature than her and show some respect. she would be upset if she saw you tweeted that.'
b'bitch better b glad i had a dress on'
b'i\'ve learned that i will not be one of those retired people bored by doing " nothing ". " nothing " has been absolutely great. smile'
b'yeah ight! when was the last time you heard someone blasting pit bull anywhere by choose other then the radio sleeping face'
b'& while i am all for taking the quran in its best meaning-u seem to be arguing that it should be interpreted in a militant way.'
b'indiscriminate bombing is a great plan and in no way creates more terrorists out of people whose families are exploded'
b"yea that's your best bet! you stay on my twitter! i was talking about my baby daddy your boyfriend cause we was arguing earlier"
b'did not see you while i was in ic for an entire weekend'
b'ehehe i thought it was interesting but i liked literature and cultural studies more xd'
b': the fact jazzlyn had to find out celeste has a bf through twitter acceptable " lol dm me lil mamaaaa'
b'saved yourself being suspended with the'
b"still travelling mate - had to park at chingford so it's 2 tubes and a train home sad at least it was a short day smile"
b'please stalk me'
b'thank you. thank you for showing me what a fake friend looks like'
b'8 the death of slim try to get him back its like you tryin a no-water pool to swim whatever now black skin or'
b'being on a dat of silence means you cant text either, meaning you spoke long time ago relieved face'
b'waiting 25mins for a salad when your mates order steak and chicken and they got it in 5 mins'
b'jealousy means i actually give a damn about you'
b'thank you for this cool article. more children and parents will sleep better with'
b"awesome article on the jags. we're tired of the media ignoring us. nice 2 c a reporter be professional and do his homework"
b'they can suck it for one weekend compared to our million weekends when we get the shaft!'
b'jeffrey just said i was gonna be a creeper mom unamused face pouting face'
b'i am not... not really much of a gamer. it always sounds fun in theory, but i lack the enthusiasm to make it worth the time!'
b"well for the well-being of the school i do care really that was a b's comment"
b'nice parking face with tears of joy'
b"hey that's what i did today too? our lives are so similar..."
b'jellyfish have survived here on earth for 650 million years without brains. great news for stupid people.'
b'no cause he loves me today'
b"bet you've got better weather over there - i love manchester but surprise - it's raining!"
b"way to come through. so we're done with the snow? right"
b'i look forward to watching him attempt to put himself to sleep before carrying out a surgical procedure.'
b'nice shoes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'is literally right next to me and she does not invite me to watch friends with her...'
b'suns out, been busy working smiling face with smiling eyes hope your day has gone well?'
b'love the game we played only thought why larson had a shift in ot instead of reinhart'
b': females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me.'
b'is ending. you mean i will not be able to watch over paid snotty party animals anymore'
b'jersey shore us canceled?'
b'it is interesting you cover crime in literature. how does it work?'
b'i added the racist hashtag so i am good winking face'
b"no it's good foggy brain! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"love the fact jess is a teacher, never needs any attention now she's constantly busy. i am left alone!"
b'rnt you pumped to see the new arenas that changed the game so much'
b"do my economics homework and you're all set grinning cat face with smiling eyes"
b'off to get a hulucat tonight, trying v hard not to tweet.'
b': naps are the greatest thing in the world " i literally would not know'
b'i love geometry face with tears of joy'
b'im glad, one less bitch on my dick face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'jesus will love me no matter how i turn out 4th day of clinicals was great, last day tomorrow, class wed then graduation thurs.'
b'im good. but thanks for the fucking offer. have a fucked up life face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'come to our event before exam week and you could be a winner of some great prizes! hope to see you there!'
b'and i do? smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes xx'
b'that wont make me sick though, i will puke rainbows for that child & love them so much that they will call me clingy aunt becca'
b'thank you for making me laugh. now please put your clothes back on.'
b'now i am a yes man through & through but this kind of rhetoric has no place in a respectful campaign true!'
b'all that money spent on botox and teeth for nothing smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes face with tears of joy'
b"the pxp guy is as exciting as a saltine cracker. and i love campy but it's like being yelled at by my grandfather for 2 hrs"
b'i luv grado hes funny viewing and got excellent skills you better bring ur a game lol. good luck tho hope you win'
b'this day just gets better and better!'
b'at least it was a great sports weekend! " except tech won and uga lost. so it\'s not all bad'
b'thank you beef. i am looking forward to seeing them posted on various sites with *my edit* as the credit :-p'
b'joaquinbackfromthedead : - or'
b"yeah, it's a sound argument. i know i am not the only one, but i'd love to write up a piece about my journey w/ the pt"
b'job applications are stupid. " why do you want to work for us? " me : " oh, i\'ve always had a passion for frozen yogurt dude i am broke. "'
b'job applications are fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'jobs are like relationships. you have them, you cry about it. you do not have them, you cry about it.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face nigga i said the same shit upon first glance lol'
b'the homie look like he handed out syllabi tests and homework the first day face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'joe literally gets soo cranky when its past his bed time'
b'i live to make you proud joey'
b'all we need for a great saturday is a fight companion thumbs up sign'
b'oh jesus the " i love you guys " at the end is the puke on the pudding'
b"fucked up stereotypes because i'll do that for this week. literally just got called nazi just for being german"
b'if you come to philly i am skipping school to see you smile'
b'new song omg if it is.. i just wanna hear ur beautiful voice again'
b'the press are like politicians all crooks and lying see you next tuesdays'
b"prove that it's not a cash grab. make the entire program warning based for two years, with no cash collected..."
b'way to go from grammar nazi to grade school child learning to write in under 10 minutes.'
b'surprised they acted on it so quickly. word on the street was league would wait to see if authorities would press charges.'
b'fuck yeah they went hard, i will not lie there film made me tear up twice'
b'joke of the day : how many hearts are being broken right now? answer : a brazillion'
b'superbad 2, mc loving comes home from hawaii 2 visit and catch up... get at me i have the whole story. good luck on your wardoggys'
b'whose ways snapchatting?! not i'
b"this nonsense always happens when rain's popularity is on the rise and he's doing great international things."
b'ask you man first goal scorer seems he never bought them though'
b'jon taking photos of me coming out of farm supply looking completely out of place face with tears of joy'
b'trying to get them views up like i am trying to get my gpa up this semester lol'
b'my prof cancelled classes for mon & tues so i am coming home tomorrow hahahah good'
b'how was your day my love? i hope you had a great day, i have to go to sleep, i have school tomorrow'
b'arguing with richard maloney were some of the best times of my/our 20s.'
b"i stopped playing xrd around feb. when i just straight burnt out. i had over 100 hours in and i wasn't having fun."
b'josh giving me shit * " at least i still have a phone... " me : and your virginity.'
b'your brother makes my algebra class the best'
b"josie is the best like she's even helping me w my algebra weary face loudly crying face"
b'i know i love it and they have clinicals for sophomores and everything! why do not you transfer like i am tryna do lol'
b"because josten's and college board control the monopoly on high school"
b'thank you, we do because seriously i never knew anyone else enjoyed these adorable little digital cats'
b'joys of cf include many hospital visits. staff fantastic but listening to some discuss wedding outfits while i wait 120mins drives me crazy'
b'kristie and i bought a big bag the other day and i found them in my bag old \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d'
b'thanks for that reminder'
b'oh yeah-what you looking at face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'jswed : girlsgoneweed heavy black heart - or'
b"j thanks it's okay to piss me off then try and be cute 15 minutes later"
b'33k a plate. i am sure there were a lot of regular folks there. glad to see you backing a really honest person.'
b'he was already reported to be asking " why aren\'t we using nuclear weapons? " 3times in a 1 -hour interview with someone in defence'
b"did not you know? it's only a war crime if it's done to americans."
b'i know me neither. ppl literally gave up on the season after losing to the 49ers.'
b'developed allergy towards the most beautiful animal that i love so much'
b'you and will have me ready to get yelled at winking face love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"julie makes me so proud. we buttheads like nobody's business but i love that little nugget"
b'julie are do not be na\xc3\xafve radicals are very patient, two years to wait to enter our country is a snap of the fingers for'
b'we are getting another lab! good a little ro just like me smile'
b'jumped up out my sleep for nothing like'
b'what does the winner get? something to remember the hard fought win maybe?'
b'jus did my hair pouting face nd the rain fucked it up'
b'just 1 1/2 days of school left until break good'
b'just a boring old office.'
b'just about every person i know has managed to piss me off in some way this weekend so thanks everyone'
b'just absolutely love still being wide awake at this time'
b'oh i know that pussy was wet as hell fucked it good to'
b"just a friendly reminder that there are people out there who've had sex with your favourite celebrity and you're not one of them"
b'just a half hour of lost sleep linked weight gain -'
b'just an fyi to everyone if you park in the grass at ipfw they are giving you tickets. since there are sooooo many other places to park'
b'just another 2 and a half hour practice then i can go to sleep loudly crying face'
b'just another left-wing conspiracy by our america -hating president to make sure everyone can vote.'
b'just another original apple invention. a notification shade. where do they come up with this stuff.'
b'just another reason why our psych department is fantastic! smile congrats class of 2016 and psychology professors! smile'
b'just a reminder that you do not have to tell facebook or twitter goodnight you can just shut the fuck up.'
b'just as i am about to go to sleep it starts pouring down, good ok cool great'
b'just ate an entire 180 day supply of gummy vitamins sitting in traffic and now i am bullet and fireproof. probably.'
b'just awesome how decides to reload the page while i am typing a bloody reply.'
b'just because i can not sing does not mean i will not sing.'
b'just because i do not talk to you, or text you first, does not mean i do not miss you. i am just waiting for you to miss me.'
b'just because i like your facebook status does not mean i want to sleep, date, or hangout with you'
b'just because i am being quiet, that does not mean i am angry. sometimes i am just not in the mood to talk.'
b'just because i am nice to you, does not mean i like you. it just means i am not rude.'
b'just because i am not talking, does not mean i am in a bad mood cause sometimes i just like being quiet.'
b'just because i am smiling, does not mean i do not want to hit you in the face'
b"just because i tweet something does not mean it's relevant to my current situation. my tweets are a reflection of my thoughts, not my life"
b'just because two people have an argument does not mean they do not love each other. nothing worth having comes easy.'
b"just because you're trash does not mean you can not do amazing things. it's a trash can, not a trash can't."
b'just because you say swag in every other sentence does not mean you have it.'
b'just bought our tickets for at in feb got front row seats'
b'just burnt my esophagus on this salted caramel hot chocolate that was fun'
b'just burnt my finger, gonna be a great day!'
b'just canceled an order how long till i get a refund thanks'
b'just can not get enough of cycling uphill to college love it love every second absolutely love it, especially in cold winds and rain mmm yes'
b'just cause i dont retweet a picture does not mean i dont love my mom wtf'
b'just changed my wireless network name in my apartment to " i can hear you having sex through the ceiling and it sounds mediocre. "'
b'just completed a 3 hour cell/molec/genetics lab exam.. rewarding myself with an all nighter studying for an organic chemistry exam..'
b"just crashed into a bloodmobile. hard to tell if anyone's hurt."
b'just cut my finger at work and about passed out, advantages of being anemic good'
b'just did a practice test for chem and missed about 75% of the questions... i am gonna ace this test'
b"just did the math and if i did not buy coffee every day i'd be a retired millionaire with very white teeth."
b'just do it heavy check mark'
b'just do not be a bitch to me cause i will outbitch you'
b'just drank a monster hoping to get a shit ton of work done tonight.'
b'just drove 40 minutes home in silence.'
b"just drove by an asian restaurant - wok n ' roll - well played chinese people. so crever"
b'just eat, eat and eat and eat because true love weights.'
b'just failed a science test'
b"just farted and it sounded like a baby elephant discovering how to use it's trunk."
b'just fell asleep during my exam'
b'just fell in love with a pair of boots'
b'just finished my last chem lab of the semester. yay, another 3 hours a week to waste time on the internet!'
b'just finished over the garden wall. it messed me up pretty good.'
b'just found a hole in my new pair of cropped yogas. i guess you could say i am having a good day.'
b'just frozen to death cycling in the rain \xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2'
b'just get bored in school. and ideas will start raining on you'
b"just girly things : pretending to be on the phone when you walk by a large group of men because there's a chance they'll harass you < ;333"
b"just give me a bed that i can drive around the house and i'll be happy"
b'just go ahead and judge me. i would not want you walking a mile in my pretty shoes and stretching them out with your fat feet.'
b'just got a back from a test reader. she gave me great notes & a really lovely review! ending the day on a high note!'
b'just got a fancy new bathroom scale that tells you what percentage pizza you are.'
b'just got back from work i have 2 test reviews and a ppt to finish life is going great smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'just got back home from work and still got school to do sleepy face'
b'just got done doing laundry'
b'just got done with my homework. hell yeah school is awesome'
b'just got home from work - a 13 hr shift. i love my students.'
b'just got my eyes tested, one has better than 20/20 vision, and the other is 20/20. so thats an interesting fact about me'
b'just got new upstairs neighbors... who are obviously elephants. no one walks that loudly without literally being an elephant.'
b'just got out of the shower and i realized i only shaved one leg. oops. face with tears of joy'
b'just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week'
b'just had a fire alarm - oh " i do not want to go outside it\'s raining "'
b'just had clipper zen tea bad feeling abit better face with medical mask'
b'just had starbucks coffee with four shots of caffeine lol! an all nighter swag'
b'just have to make it through this week " me every week'
b'just heard a hilarious joke in spanish, it made me espanlol'
b"just heard a woman telling her son that if he isn't good he will not be getting any supper!"
b'just heard someone pronounce the h in wheel so i am gonna need a minute'
b"just held a conversation with a sexy man at the laundromat and he did not ask for my number maybe there's hope after all..."
b'just how hairy was the dude who invented a shampoo called head & shoulders?'
b"just ignore me that's ok too."
b'just imagine how great life would be if pizza made you skinny'
b'just imagine, usain bolt was your father and you were trying to run away from a beating.'
b'at the time we were buying had exhausted us help'
b'but certain attitudes are not forgotten. i hope you come back soon to instagram.'
b"justin bieber claims that there's no cure for bieber fever. surely taking a shotgun and killing the little fucker is a good enough cure?"
b'good hopefully you will not create so much drama after that heart'
b'justin bieber got 100,000 retweets for tweeting " live life full ". that\'s just 3 random words. i am going to try now. nipple squirrel ham'
b'how can you have so much money and still look like you get dressed in the dark?'
b'how on earth did you manage to survive when your face was in a lot of pain from getting your wisdom teeth out justin?!'
b'i want to ask you about that why people hate you but in this world you for me the bet and i love your songs very much'
b'last night. was more like a school assembly than a gig. sit still, keep quiet, sing along and listen to me'
b'lmaoooooooooo. is the dick that good? she read you though.'
b'must have that daddy dick if these hoes are acting scary over his new girl. \xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"it'd be great if justin would stop acting like a major douche and be old justin again."
b"should know what it's like when all of his fans start to abandon him. unfollow him. let's see if he at least gets sense then"
b'stop dating ur shoe size and more like ur age'
b'not to be funny but stay scared of this master pussy that knows nolimit when it comes to riding a getto dick cum twice'
b'we all know you want to, stop being stubborn and do it'
b'whats good. im trying homie but she on my mind cant do nothing but think of her. holla at her for me "get out of her feelings"'
b'when i meet you remember i want a one minute long kiss on my cheek'
b'when are you going to decide to push that follow button??'
b"that's great! i'll have an extra copy of the exam for you."
b'justins sleeping and of course do you think i can even attempt to sleep? nope unamused face'
b'just in the bitchiest mood ever the past few days. maybe i need to do something for myself for once.'
b'just keep making mistakes shan, its really helping everything.'
b'just keeps getting better and better'
b'just looked at my exam schedule and i have an ict resit and additional biology exam on the same date and time great smile'
b'just lost my cracked iphone virginity by dropping my phone straight onto the farmers hardfloor... poor phone'
b'just love almost getting hit by canadians while driving to school unamused face pouting face'
b'just love being late. big thank you to for always helping me with being late, really appreciate it.'
b'just love being sick \xf0\x9f\x98\x94\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'just love being stuck in traffic with a crying child!'
b'just love being talked down to... unamused face'
b'just love doing math homework'
b'just love getting lied to!'
b'just love how i have an iphone 4 and can not get ios8. face savouring delicious food'
b'just love it when a ginormous sneeze happens the moment after my mascara is applied. alice cooper confused face'
b'just love it when my guys clean their desks and put all that paper in their out boxes for me to deal with.'
b'just love it when your boss tells you that you have to work on your day off'
b'just love that is giving me a countdown to his holidays...'
b'just love walking on eggshells...'
b'just love when i can not go to sleep expressionless face expressionless face'
b'just love when my phone breaks...'
b'just love when my whole family decides to take showers at the same time & use up all the hot water and i am the last one! \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'just love when my wifi stops working and i am trying to study for an exam.'
b'just love when you get an attitude unamused face raised hand'
b"just my luck i drive 45 minutes in traffic to get to the mall... i get here and the fire alarm is going off not to mention it's raining weary face unamused face"
b'i just need 30 points from my te to win this week. confused face'
b'just noticed i only shaved one leg, lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'just now got home from work... love working in retail'
b"just once, i'd like my grocery delivery to be at the top of their list for the timeslot i reserved. just once?"
b'just once i\'d like someone to call me " sir " without adding " this is a place of business, please put your pants back on. "'
b'just once, i\'d like to see an honest facebook status, like " happy birthday to my average-looking, sort of friend, amanda! "'
b"just once i'd like to see someone in a movie call bullshit when someone tells them their phone number starts with 555"
b'just once, i wish webmd would tell me " relax... it\'s only gas ".'
b'just once, i would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... " today has been canceled, go back to sleep. "'
b'just one more day of doing nothing would be great!'
b'just one more year of graduation, then i am free like a bird " internet : lol'
b'just paid for lunch with dimes and nickels, in case anyone needs a financial advisor.'
b'just possibly sprained my ankle on south campus. my tuesday has been going so swimmingly.'
b'just put on my pointe shoes for the first time in 2 years. oh how i missed you.'
b'just realised i only shaved one leg argh'
b'just realized i can not go north to 83... hooray for the grand prix'
b'just realized i am not the opener tomorrow morning. i get to sleep in for an extra half hour smirking face'
b'just realized i only shaved one leg and forgot to do the other expressionless face'
b'just realized i only shaved one leg'
b'just realized that i only shaved one leg :)))))))'
b'just realizing how great adele last album was... why was i so sleep?'
b"just remembered i have a biology exam tomorrow on everything we've done great!"
b'just remembered i have stats homework due tomorrow. cause i am in the mood to do that right now.'
b'just sitting here with a paper tissue stuffed up my nose. you guys would so do me right now'
b"just so we're clear on this, wait for me to dip then you dip then we both dip."
b'just spent 15 minutes fixing the waistband of my favorite running shorts with a screwdriver. fixed. can now go to bed happy'
b'just spent the past hour watching a fruit tart baking competition on tv and it was riveting'
b"just stop using the internet if you do not know the difference between ur, you 'r, & y 'rue."
b'just the cherry on top of my day cherries unamused face'
b'just told my mom that rihanna for stance holiday collection is out and she yelled order them shocks and then laughrd damn i love this woman'
b'just told us this was were the bridge to no where was supposed to be built - i saw russia as well...'
b'just too excited for a block of gym and pascack period tomorrow!'
b'just to say there a no negatives in a vegan diet idiot steroid junkie your so fucking dumb how are you even famous haaaa'
b'just twisted and pulled a muscle in my leg, fucking yes.'
b'just twisting and turning and hoping it works, good intentions, but i am fuckin shit up'
b'just used a full size twix bar to stir my coffee.'
b"just walked out of dining hall and it's pouring and i do not have an umbrella, good smile"
b"just wanna sleep for a few days maybe i'll feel better"
b'just wanna thank kyra for coming over & cleaning my room'
b'just want lindsey to get caught'
b'just want someone to look at me the way i look at a menu'
b'just want to lay on a rooftop at night with you and talk about space'
b'just want to play already, fuck school. can not wait to get everything and get on my grind.'
b'just want to take a moment to brag on my upstairs neighbors who have kindly and unselfishly adopted a herd of baby elephants.'
b'just went to the gym with my friends. on the way home we get chinese food. they are such great workout partners'
b'just what i need unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0...'
b'just what i wanted to hear!'
b'just woke to the horrendous news from france... my love and prayers go out to all those affected. dark dark day...'
b"just woke up from a 15 year nap. page me, we'll hang out and get jiggy with it"
b"just woke up from a 2 and a half hour sleep and i've missed all of imaceleb. that's great. have fun to trying to not here what happened"
b'just yelled " i am drinking a lot of water! yeah! yeah! i am powerful! " i love telework days'
b"just yelled 'you bitch ' at that mad christian lady in american horror story : coven. i fucking love this show."
b"just your tweet sounded threatening, if we're not nice they will radicalise and may take up arms"
b': black ppl, stop using the race card ; ppl who are sympathetic will become jaded. racebutstupidity'
b'oh right that totally makes perfect sense, i am glad you are a philosopher jacob?'
b'jz lectures on capitalism and class. socialism is not a dictatorship'
b'is gonna end up being my best friend on snapchat over us arguing about the fake horns on my dash board face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'in saying shit & i am over here laying down hoping to drop soon lmao'
b'the fact that we thought we were gonna be on that singing show..'
b'thanks so much, i love & miss you! hope we have some classes next semester'
b'lol got yelled at today for being honest. love this tweet.'
b"you're arguing against pretty much a consensus of the best in the game. come january it'll be 5 in a row."
b'i am actually legit upset about this lmao oh well... sad'
b'kanye west can say " i love pizza " and people will be like " he said i which means eye, and pizza is triangle.. illuminati.'
b'kanye west did something douchey and ignorant over the weekend? how shocking!'
b'i am doing a project and i was wondering what goes through your mind when creating music and what do you feel?'
b'like you never had a fucked up moment until you saw your father make pitch for a bigger chest to a teenager'
b'only follows 1 person!!! when i am tweleb enough ima unfollow everyone and follow 1 person... my future kim'
b"kanye west's new music video was made by my unemployed cousin and windows 98 screen savers."
b'i was up at 425am -i need nap too! a morning person'
b"yep. everyone who's watched it has had nothing but good things to say."
b'at what point do the braves consider making some coaching changes? cutting it'
b'is it because you are an actor who loves to make people laugh that you have becomes a laughing stock yourself?'
b"love you more face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss i know i'll not fall asleep so easily tonight pensive face"
b'my tinder match game is too strong'
b'i am funny'
b"i am glad yk who it is you're a true bitch"
b'why do you guys hate me now loudly crying face'
b'its 4:14 am here in norway, notice me karla? and should i be excited to watch htgawm tomorrow when i wake up?'
b"i do it's fun and easy, never burnt but with 8 of us at home sometimes i need a break, mind i save \xc2\xa350 week"
b'it does. i would love to try it on travel & it would be awesome for my sister whose bldg does not have a laundry in emergencies'
b'because that happens sooo often.'
b'get in sum good practice with your pistol. the shots are like 60 -70 yards lol'
b"not really it wasn't intended to be racist. it was intended to make fun of james, and it was an inside joke"
b"who's ass do i need to come kick."
b'all of this killing needs to stop and celebs like yourself should say something or maybe you are the problem'
b"yes, but like you said... it's your opinion, which no one else has to agree with. do not worry about what other people do."
b'you say that like its a part time weekend job, suck it up barber winking face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'eww. totally something everyone is wants to read in their spare time'
b'cuz it was cool and i thought of you'
b'yeah i was kinda tryna forget that face with tears of joy you was hanging out the window blasting abit of tommy lee thou face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'good one'
b'oh i am so so jealous'
b"good it's pouring in midrand and the thunder is not bad either. my lawn has been thirsty for a while"
b'thank you katherine. can not wait to eat that turonies tomorrow at school smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'be a good role model for nugget cause tbh he is a rebel'
b"shit she ain't ever gonna but i am ok with that"
b"it's funny to see how the girl who saved my life does not even know that i am exist, fuck yeah"
b'loves to see homeless person beat up for supporting trump youtube'
b'the clock is ticking, running out of time so we should party, all night'
b'the type of girl to sit on a cloud naked'
b'when are you starting to troll again when i am asleep'
b'lmao good i love our first adventure together was to find hot makoto and go to that awkward dance'
b'umm yep idk why but we paid for those classes with friday being a whole day for 2 fridays'
b'he is getting so big! i can not wait for her to need us to babysit.'
b"kayla just sent me the funniest text i've read in a long time face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'that shit was awesome destroyed the whole right arm and did not give a fuck i would not want to break her heart or id be broken'
b'andrealopezz89: jocelyn_1996 happy birthday biaatch lets go out to eat soon when i have a day off love you'
b'king_vladdy : college is 50% stressing out and 50% hoping you get hit by a car'
b'also this is a super flattering picture smile'
b'more than happy to do so king kev! your column in the current issue is extremely insightful...'
b'keep waiting boo boo... you got 18 more years to wait face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'keep your kids from asking any questions that will piss me off. please? k thanks'
b'glad you find it funny... bitch'
b"oh, wait who's she gotta babysit"
b"i really do appreciate the warning but i stick to the people i like and ignore the rest. it's unfortunate ppl have to"
b'i was about to puke. now have to go clean the shearts out of my pants. love you'
b'oh well back work tomorrow'
b'i got you'
b'kendall jenner gets paid to per instagram post, im just trying my best to get 11 likes so it changes from names to numbers'
b'*kendrick lamar reading at an elementary school* " jack be nimble, jack be quick... " *dramatic pause * " girl i know you want this dick "'
b'i am so glad i am working tonight! ugh jour181 is going to be the death of me. best labor day weekend evar! i have to study the whole time.'
b'mann you gotta get a lawyer, i done had tickets way worse than that without even getting points on my license.'
b'yep just like the advert!'
b"kfc wasn't a bad choice afterall smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat unamused face"
b"k.. guess that's fair that my grade is penalized cause someone in my group did not do their homework.."
b'i would give my right arm to look as good as you do. never feel bad about the way you look. you are gorg!'
b'reading your book love it down loaded all the songs you have in your play list 2 work 2 out 2 good wk'
b"the thing is you can not dictate what people say. this is their venting field. it's an election year. people are angry."
b"thought he'd pop in to see the youngest generation.. they are obviously thrilled to see him"
b'kid i babysit is naming off his christmas list and then says " & i asked for more homework. " just wait kid, it\'s coming'
b'kid, i can take you out the same way i brought you into this world, by making it look like an accident.'
b'kids banging like a parade of elephants tapdancing upstairs. will have to calm them down a bit before the ceiling lands on my noggin.'
b'kids born in 2000 never have to worry about forgetting how old they are'
b"kids : dad we want mcdonalds dad : spell mcdonalds & i'll buy it kids : fuck it lets go to kfc"
b'kids. i am sure i have kids. sounds like i have elephants upstairs though.'
b'kids like this tho... bet they perfect like their parents'
b'kill a mf with kindness they hate that shit'
b'kill bill with kindness'
b'killed my abs in the gym and then realized my tights are see through.'
b'kill em kill em with kindness'
b"kill em with kindness. everyone should show up with christmas cards and sing chrismas songs! obama's va"
b"kill 'em with kindness is the worst song on revival."
b'kill em with kindness'
b"killer_kelly305 i was watching the walking dead there's two people in the show who need insulin injections i wasn't making fun of anyone"
b'kill people with kindness smiling face with halo live yo life'
b'kill people with kindness'
b'kill the bitch with kindness'
b'kill them with kindness, bury them with smile, leave them with ignorance'
b'kill them with kindness smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i am doing good kimberly thank you. it's a weird foggy day! smile"
b': not sure where im goin rn but i am nawt stayin here " why are you telling a registered nurse that you can not spell.'
b"like at 9 you would've been knocked but thanks to grace she got us all fucked up loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"hmm i would love to but i am gunna enjoy my day off we'll reunite on black friday loudly crying face"
b'kim jong un has upgraded himself from " leader of north korea " to " supreme leader of north korea " by adding sour cream and extra cheese.'
b"kim & kanye are naming their baby north. it's full name will literally be north west, in case you forgot why you hate humanity."
b'fashion week huh? i hope you got yourself some good clothes to wear. cause you always wear like a nasty person!'
b'i know someone dragged kia by the hair and made her pick up her money up by her mouth.'
b"kim kardashian is pregnant and her baby already has more money than i'll make in a lifetime. cool."
b"kim kardashian is suing me for using her legs for my new store's logo. i just want my customers to know we're open 24/7"
b'look at her feets you do that to piss. me the f off stop that bull shit'
b'what do you think of ppls percep of u? the intellectual world is not impressed... is money & selfies all you can do? dad think?'
b'you married an ass. great choice'
b"you so fake with it \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9y'all do not even like ha"
b'kinda care kinda do not kinda wanna slap the shit out of you'
b'kinda freaking out because my whole body is covered in hives'
b"kinda funny how you're made out of matter but you don't."
b'kinda glad i spent my summer working at the trails it was pretty funny'
b'kinda hard to respect the hamburglar when, with just a tiny bit more effort, he could be a cheeseburglar.'
b"kinda hoping ill hit'the big 100 ' this side of christmas though lol confused face"
b'kinda tired had school then work & came home to kids. now were washed ready for bed & i am studying. and i work 9 -8 tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'kinda want a rockstar. kinda want to be a rockstar. kinda hoping that someday i will not be a piece of shit, but a girl can dream, right?!'
b"kind of glad i was raised by 40's era black folks. i am not a little soft ass bitch.. they worked that out of me"
b'kind of hoping i do not wake up tomorrow. can not deal with the shit life keeps throwing at me.'
b'i just got home from cycling through the rain, i could use some good news yeah smile'
b'lmfaoooooo, i blocked him a long time ago and he just text me from armoni phone asking why.'
b"so you aren't hurting them by not performing, you're only hurting the people who've been excited to see you live"
b'you do not have any classes on fridays?'
b'i mean *flips wet ass weave* i been doing it since high school lol'
b'they can sense you have coffee and metamucil flowing in your body not blood'
b'kingston is really funny face with tears of joy'
b'thank you so much for giving an album that i can sing along to every word, it never gets old'
b'i do it all face with tears of joy'
b'kisses are so cute they can be spontaneous and passionate and rough or soft and sweet and gentle kisses are so cute did i mention i love kisses'
b'kiss me and cuddle with me and tell me im your favorite person'
b"'k ' is the shortest way to spell 'fuck you '"
b'k. " is the shortest way to spell " fuck you.'
b'nope, probably too busy writing the next great american novel'
b'kkk are the police are the kkk are the police. will not get caught if they do not want to catch you.'
b'k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k'
b'like i am covered in hives bc i drank :(('
b"national stopped using eminem'sf track in campaigning a cple weeks ago - heard it used 2 mins ago newstalkzb"
b"know what that's like. it can really take the joy out of school."
b'knowing every word to mean girls'
b'knowing how sad is going to be this week, i am not sure i want to get caught up rip crying face'
b"knowing your family so well, you can tell who's coming down the stairs by the sound of their footsteps."
b'knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.'
b"know what's fun? 4 and a half hours of sleep."
b"lol... you could be literally anything that's not racist but ur gonna go ahead and do that."
b'kosta is doing nothing great'
b"the next day he was like i'd love to stay and chat but i just noticed i have some of your puke on me."
b'i did not want my fridays to be late for travel purposes (causeyouknow5hoursaway ) so i have 3 classes from 8am - 10:50am'
b'glad to have my favourite bitch back'
b'we totally planned it. smile'
b': that follow was a complete surprise! ha \' " i know you ain\'t subtweeting me!'
b'aww love you my nigguh my a1 since day 1 kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes thank you i am! first day off smile'
b': good start to the day...'
b'ksoo could never say no to his cute pouty jongin especially since he looks good with his glasses askewed & foggy and blonde hair messed up'
b'sarcasm is as necessary to me as booze! face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah, picked up in that after the fact. thanks for letting me know and blasting the dumb fuck'
b"it's cheap of them and i am still kinda upset they're actually making money from dishonest work but oh well what to do now"
b'kushandwizdom : click here for more quotes - or'
b'i know just bluddy deleted all my music n pics but if you bk it up then you dnt need to lol face with tears of joy'
b'yeah id be doing the same thing :['
b'my mom always tells me my style is weird and out of this world?\xc2\xbf? thanks... " that\'s the best compliment'
b'you must be a redneck if your twitter profile pic is you with a cowboy hat on..'
b': my favorite exercise at the gym would probably be judging. " lmfao face with tears of joy'
b'good thing the weather is going to suck this weekend'
b'wet and ready like a good kitty?'
b'lab better not last the whole 3 hrs tonight. going to tell my ta i can not stay because i have to go see the hunger games.'
b"thanks guys! we're really hoping to get out of the gate strong so we cna make sure we hit this goal! xxoo smile"
b"this hood shit, you and drake ain't built for/ this the shit the other bitch almost got killed for"
b'i am really hoping i can convince her holy shit, i am laughing'
b'lab practicals are just so much fun good'
b'lab report, english project, and 4 current events to do tonight that i have not started. you could say i am pretty fuckin stupid'
b'look at all of the smokers. lol'
b"ladies, 118 years to wait for full equality isn't asking too much is it? i mean, after all think of all the"
b"ladies : be careful if you wear spaghetti straps. it distracts boys bc they'll think about pasta. they'll stop at nothing to get pasta."
b'ladies... ever saw a guy that was cute, yall started talking & things were good but turned bad the more he spewed dumb shit out his mouth?'
b"ladies, if you think your man is cheating. take him to that bitch's front door and see if his wifi connects."
b"ladies, it's not fair to hide your crazy behind a great pair of boobs. it's impossible for men to see past them."
b'ladies... when i say bless you after a sneeze, just say thank you, instead of wondering where in the bushes that just came from!'
b"ladies why does it nearly always choose to rain heavy when we're out and just done our hair and make up? weary face"
b'give your money away to those your fighting for honey. that would show the truest commitment on your behalf.'
b'i love the album especiall the song to your aunt. i t means a lot to me because i have lupus.'
b'you need vote for the best candidate the man who will finish this eternal war that person is who we need remember that'
b'you call love an illusion and leave the one who loves you and does think like a child far far behind.'
b'la girls love the way it goes down'
b'subbed at a school last week and there was a kid who just came from syria in it. i have never seen so much joy in one child'
b'thanks don, surf has been super -fun past few weeks, wish there were more photographers out there smiling face with sunglasses an easy job'
b'i think it would look good as long as you do not go too dark!'
b'lalalove when people try to make decisions for me raised hand unamused face'
b'football is killing me this weekend. froze in the rain at osu yesterday. and this game is too late for normal people!'
b"hey, let's talk more about more fan opinions on domestic violence."
b'landscape and the city, my projects are going to be interesting this year'
b'i love not having friday classes.'
b"lolo! sounds like she's a great fit for dwts reminds me of that other athlete..."
b"lapear is singing as loud as he can in the shower rn. it's really funny cuz the damn elephants upstairs are listening to the same song face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'she released a video making fun of a trans woman and a couple of other things that im not really supposed to know'
b'laptop falling off the bed... just great a great start for everything...'
b'last 4 hour lab of the semester good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'last biology lab class tomorrow morning then no more 8 am on wednesday good'
b'last day in chemistry today & i gotta take a test where all i have to make is a 46 to get an a in the class. cool college is fun!'
b'last day of clinicals... such a bittersweet feeling. school may kick my ass but i love what i do and my life is pretty bomb smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'last day of clinicals today! much love to my group \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'last day of school before vacation. i can do this... i hope lol but good to coming home to more nick dancing. vote for him!'
b"last day of school then it's thanksgiving break! good"
b'last day of school good smiling face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'last lab of the semester good victory hand'
b'last minute wisdom teeth appointment on wednesday. can not wait.'
b"last night i ate nonstop an hour straight at novilhos and i couldn't talk or move after because i was too full. loudly crying face i love food!"
b"last night's shift is a win because i did not eat mang juan even though i reaaaally love it and was so tempted to eat one bag."
b'last night was halarious!... my dad tried to tell me i had to go to bed and it was " bedtime " ha'
b'last night was threatening to kick my ass when i was cleaning the popcorn bins so i would fly inside of it. nice.'
b'last of the loyal bros left stay woke love you nigga'
b'last orgo lab of the semester good'
b'last picture with my beautifull sister 3 r. i. p. sis still missing your huggs love ya forever'
b'last regular day of school, good'
b'you can not depend on anyone else for your own happiness'
b'last week of school now i just gotta pass these test'
b'last year : single this year : single next year : single next decade : single'
b"lately i've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be"
b'late night anxiety is the best'
b'late night conversations are usually the ones that mean the most.'
b"late night showers late night conversations late night adventures late night snacks late night memories everything's better at night"
b'how would they know they vandalized with piss? theres piss shit & pollution everywhere rio is trash wish they pissed on the leaders'
b"there's a lot of fast women in rio and they are making a fortune"
b"laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life. laughing at your wife's can shorten it."
b"laughing at your own texts before you send them because you're so damn funny"
b"laughing is the best medicine. but if you're laughing for no reason, you need medicine."
b'*laughs for 10 minutes **stops **catches breath **thinks about what made me laugh **laughs for 10 more minutes *'
b"i come home and there's no food"
b'but a foggy day, good book and a fire... perfect day'
b'wait till you have that class face with medical mask'
b"so frustrating! maybe it's the universe telling us that we've been working too hard and we should take the day off?"
b'its all like either cool kids or dumb kids in my classes and im just like i love being alone at all times always'
b'" yeah so completely agree, their vocals are so good on it " and this is all while i was blasting what a feeling and then my dad'
b'lawd i thought this sore throat was gone'
b"i am a mkt comm prof at ohio u. i'd love to have my students work on a pitch to promote the kind fund. two classes, lots of ideas."
b'laying in bed after a hard day of doing nothing feels great'
b'laying in bed doing nothing is so great (aka blowing off all 3 tests tomorrow )'
b'laying in bed for all of my night doing nothing other than being sad for no reason is a great way to end your day.'
b'*lays down to take a nap* *wakes up 8 hours later pissed off and confused *'
b'lazy rule ; cant reach it. do not need it.'
b'lazy rule : if i can not reach it, i do not need it.'
b"lazy rule : if it falls under the bed, it's gone. forever."
b"yeah that's really what it is dude no lie!"
b"cause you're gonna make such a difference in the world by coloring and cutting hair"
b"lead story on bbc1 news : scottish independence vote so of course it'll be biased & scaremongering etc blah blah blah"
b'leafs fans logic : arguing over having to pick between 2 great prospect and deciding which is the best. face with tears of joy'
b'most original tweet of the year'
b'learning 3 chapters before a unit exam is definitely the way to get thru college...'
b'learning about plate tectonics is always fun'
b'learning injection sites is so much fun \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe'
b'learning time'
b"leave all this fake ass love in 2015 please. stop pretending to fuck with someone and then co-sign when they're being talked about."
b'leaving uni at this time is so soo much fun face throwing a kiss'
b'lebron james hairline look like its saying " fuck you nigga, i am leaving "'
b'oh of course, with all their money and assets'
b'oh really... i am rolling some cigs now times are tough gotta have my rollies...'
b'try two matches to wedge your eyes open arsenal'
b"you're so right smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat i have mwf classes rn and i hate going on fridays.. but tues thurs classes mean a long school day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'left alone inside the office cos i am studying'
b'left my windows open in the jeep and it rained overnight. good life!'
b'left school because i am covered head to toe in hives smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'left -wing arguments for taking syrian " refugees " are stupid'
b'legit counting the days till i see in february'
b'legit wanna do my dissertation on capitalism vs socialism'
b"legs are covered in mosquito bites and now i've broken out in hives again as well, god damn skin!"
b'legs are gonna feel good in the morning. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'leigha always want somebody to get caught like her uglass. fuck'
b'ah i wish. i am avoiding drawing faces in order to improve on anatomy so most of my studies end up faceless and creepy'
b'i am surprised at the numbers they seem to be shifting. quite interesting. basically tyler perry for literature'
b'lemme just say how excited i am to work all night in this beautiful weather smiling face with open mouth smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lemme stop spamming now and attempt to sleep... or nap at this point ugh.'
b'less hectic day ahead tomorrow'
b'lesson 1: only trust people who like big butts... they can not lie.'
b'lesson learned, if you disagree with a feminist you blame the victims for rape'
b'less than 2 hours to champions league :)))))'
b'let lucky be, threatening to kick her off the bed. be nice lls'
b'let me find out you do not want to get caught up'
b'let me give you a little advice, do not take any advice from me.'
b"let me wake up to craziness and i'll be at the school in the a. m... goodnight"
b'lets all live life like a taylor swift album. learn some serious life lessons.'
b"let's all take a moment and be thankful that spiders can not fly."
b"let's be real here if icarly were an actual webshow they would get bullied so badly"
b"let's be the generation that stops putting things in our butts and having to go to the emergency room to get them taken out, shall we?"
b"let's do all the city road construction at one time!"
b'let\'s eat, get drunk and watch people exercise " - sports fans'
b"let's get drunk and tell each other everything we're too afraid to say sober."
b'wait you stayed up the school when you was done? mine was at 10:20'
b"let's ignore this whole bs and appreciate these 6 hoties in one pic"
b"let's just all act like we live in a perfect world and do nothing. that should break the ground of progress."
b"let's just keep entitling these morons... seems to be working out quite well."
b"let's just take a moment and appreciate how nice my friends are"
b"let's not go to classes for the rest of the day."
b'lets not talk about 8th grade it never fucking happened'
b"let's not think about the past for once and just move on and start something new?"
b'lets play a game called \xe2\x80\x98i feel like i am bothering you with everything i say so i wont make any attempts at contact until you message me first'
b'lets play a game called you bring me food and i eat it'
b"let's play the shut the fuck up game, you go first"
b"let's pretend this wine will cleanse me of negativity."
b'please. do some research on & before posting. i am literally turning into a white girl who can not even.'
b"let's review the test we just took by writing everyone's obscure answers on the board and making fun of them."
b'archie poured coffee all over himself and got burnt and finn ate some plastic and puked it all over me. not a fun day!'
b"let's talk of what we've done of what we are going to do"
b'let\'s watch a scary movie " *2 hours later*... " dude walk me to the bathroom. "'
b'let the stress of buying another car begin smiling face with open mouth'
b'letting go does not mean you forget the person completely, it just means that you find a way of surviving without them.'
b'letting me be when i am upset pissed, good move'
b"letting someone in your life is like turning off the antivirus, downloading a file from the internet, installing it & hope it's not a virus."
b'letting your barely 13 year old drive a dually and a trailer, (obviously without a license ) just small town thingzzzzz'
b'let ur old " friends " go if they arent helping you grow or not supporting you. you dont need people who envy you'
b'let your partner know the sex was great by dumping an entire cooler of gatorade on them afterwards'
b"i will adopt him just in case. wait i won't. i do not want to babysit a brat"
b'lexys twitter is a compilation of every ugly picture of me ever taken squared cool'
b'lfc were impressive tonight'
b"thanks i'll keep that in mind next time!"
b'my wife and i just got a new house and do not have a tv. we would love to have a nice tv in the living room.'
b"that's not really a joke, you shouldn't be making fun of someone when they were brave enough to admit that."
b"lets do something good today before it's too late before it's toooo late"
b'i would love to kno bc if you have an allergy to them then i understand but she would never ask again'
b'liam said theyd be working until the end of the year and their last planned event is the 10th but still i doubt they love me enough'
b'liars, got to fucking love them'
b'are intelligent and love to debate. expect arguments about anything and everything.'
b'licking something to discourage others from stealing it may be how oral sex was invented.'
b'lick your lips 3 times, blink once, and keep your eyes wide open until you retweet this tweet. i bet you will sneeze or yawn.'
b'lies are like children ; they\'re hard work but it\'s worth it because future depends on them. " - dr. house'
b'lie to me once and i will never trust you again'
b"lie to the state police and there is no prosecution? that's nice."
b'lie witness news one direction edition yeah i know aka the last 5 years'
b'life always somehow finds a way to piss me off. thanks.'
b'life better give you some water and sugar or else your lemonade it gonna be pretty nasty'
b'life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.'
b"life hack : always like someone's selfie. it takes a lot of courage to post a picture of yourself. always be kind. reply nice things."
b'life hack : be nice to people who have a pool at their house'
b'life hack : die to get out of your student loan debt.'
b'life hack : do not cut all your nails. keep one for emergency when you have no toothpicks'
b"life hack : kill everyone except ur crush so they're forced to date you"
b'life hack : you can park wherever you want if you put your hazard lights on and take your tire off.'
b'life has never been better i love my job i love my friends i do not have homework & sometimes i kiss a cute boy idk man the universe is neat'
b"life honestly couldn't get any better"
b"life is a box of chocolates! and if you have a nut allergy your 'e screwed"
b'life is all about finding the right download button to download the songs from websites " l'
b'life is all about tough decisions : getting enough sleep or staying on the internet weary face'
b'life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, get wasted all the time and have the time of your life!'
b"life is better when you're laughing."
b'life is getting so crazy lately like i can not tell if things are going up or down anymore? everything is confusing? i want to be 5 again?'
b"well at least she's well deserving & started from the bottom, ya know?"
b'life is great. until you remember you have a bio test tomorrow'
b"life is hard when you're an ugly girl that likes cute boys"
b'is short. time is fast no reply, no rewind. so enjoy every moment as it comes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"life is just like a penis : simple, relaxed and hanging freely, it's the women who make it hard."
b"life is like a bowel movement, it's still gonna happen whether your sh*t's together or not."
b'life is like a d*ck... it gets harder when people suck'
b'life is like an android game. no matter how good it is without paying, it makes you download the pro version for certain features, someday'
b'life is like a penis, sometimes it gets hard af for no reason.'
b"life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. it's about learning how to dance in the rain."
b"life isn't an ipod to listen to your favorite songs. it's a radio, adjust yourself to enjoy whatever comes in it."
b'life is so hard when you have twenty tv shows to watch'
b"life is so hard when your best pal is a 9. 5/10 and you're a strong 4 with the right filter and lighting"
b'life is s ( o )( o ) much funnier when you have a dirty mind.'
b"life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, and forget the ones who don't."
b"life is tough when you're a lazy perfectionist who does not give a shit about anything but at the same time cares too much about everything."
b'life is uncertain which is why every morning, before i leave for work, i hug my kids and whisper " avenge me.. "'
b'life is weird. first you wanna grow up, then you wanna be a kid again.'
b'life is weird. you can go from being strangers. to being friends. to being more than friends. to being pratically strangers again.'
b'life is wonderful'
b"life's too short to not be straight up about how you feel"
b"life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. so, love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't."
b'life tip : do not believe your mom when she tells you " we\'ll only be here for a little while "'
b'life tip : dont waste time on who ppl wont matter to you in a few years when ur sipping wine 2am on the balcony of ur nyc penthouse apartment'
b'life was so great until i did not finesse my spanish test crying face'
b'excellent! thank you! may have to set my alarm clock for an early morning start again, over the weekend!'
b'lights turing off while i was in the shower, not scared or anything...'
b'light travels faster than sound. this is why some appear bright until you hear them speak.'
b'like do not get me wrong i love my classes i just hate having to do so many assignments at once +getting up so early each day'
b'like do not play games with me i do not have time for it unamused face'
b'like everyone not to piss me off today thanks'
b'like, i did not go to see that harry potter bullshit. i came to see a matriarchy be built and thematic elements on classism and shit'
b'like i just wanna have endless amounts of makeup and have clear skin 24/7 and live a happy & cute drama free life ya know?'
b'like i literally ship sehun w like everyone im sorry ok'
b'like i make fun of myself all the time for tentacles and 2diks but i am not really into that stuff personally i just like seeing it drawn'
b'like " i want a life where i get paid less and drown in medical debt and potentially get caught up in a school shooting on any given day "'
b"like literally there is no feelings left for you.. it's like they just disappeared"
b"like ok sure i do not care abt myself being called something gross but you call someone i love that and you'll get killed, probably"
b'like say what you gotta say ima say what i gotta say thats that aint no argument now come love on me \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'like what happened to romance & chivalry? they just except you to give up your great goods with doing nothing to deserve it'
b'like what if... every 2016 senior class took a senior skip day... (wait for it )... on the same day, to the same place..? mind = blown'
b'like yeah i was listening to jeff buckley yesterday and today i am blasting the absolute shit out of some ke fuck outta here'
b'liking every facebook page i saw in 2008 is my biggest regret'
b'she said start a paragraph tonight & we gonna be in the computer lab tomorrow'
b'lil kids forever asking " do you have games on your phone "?... bitch nooooooooo!'
b"impressive, congrats! i am relieved it was just a test! so great that you enjoy your work that's so important! you are good at it face throwing a kiss"
b"you'll love it i do not know how it is for other majors but two days a week for two classes ain't so bad"
b'you wanna be on some cant help it just know it was thought thru lesson over..from just having smell and really well all thru'
b'lil wayne be like : got my grandma on speed dial, call it instagram'
b'lil wayne be like : pushed a nun in a wheelchair, call that virgin mobile'
b'lil wayne rap be like : spilled hot tea on my leg, call that t -pain.'
b'lindsey laughed at me when i said i do not look at tegan during the shows because i get shy. keep laughing girl, i am stronger smile'
b'well yeah the russians are blasting the shit out of them in syria, so yeah.'
b'liquor before beer youre in the clear beer before liquor youll be okay dont be a little bitch'
b'research shows that a huge barrier to cycling is rain. i wonder if there are not direct interventions we could implement.'
b'built yourself a little blanket fort and just waited for the meaningless big moment do to all the same shit over again face with tears of joy'
b'listening to a story and all you can think is : lie lie lie lie lie'
b"listening to love live while doing homework is a blessing it's keeping me awake"
b'listening to radio and my dad just said to me, and i quote, " you were still locked up in my nuts when this song came out. "'
b'listening to radio crime drama in algebra is the best decisions ive made all day'
b'list of things i need to do : -a lot things im not doing : -any of that'
b'literally about got hit by a big truck in the driver door..'
b'literally about to punch in the face'
b'literally anything will be said done threatened or promised to avoid a yes michael mcdowell ex minister of justice ireland'
b'literally can not wait to be out of high school'
b'literally can not wait to get back to uni. stop this life on hold feeling! raised hand'
b'literally can not wait to live with the guys next year. i love being looked at by my roommate like i am from mars & never being talked too smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'literally can not flip the salad bar until 9... okay'
b'literally = come on get real keep throwing ur buzzwords.'
b'literally crying because of all the homework. loudly crying face expressionless face'
b'literally did yoga in health psych today.'
b'literally doing nothing today.. ahh, living up my last hours in hawaii'
b'literally do not even wanna look in my bank account after how much i spent weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9today during lunch break'
b'literally do not get dress code cuz my legs are so short'
b"literally do one 'normal ' shift a week and it kills me to drag my arse out of bed and be at work by 8."
b'literally every day is to me'
b"literally every fan walking out of the stadium is blaming pep hamilton. it's glorious."
b'literally every girl is obsessive and possessive of their man so stop calling other girls psycho and crazy for caring'
b'literally everything changed while i was away'
b'literally every time someone finds out i am becoming a psychologist, " i bet you can tell what i am thinking about right now! "'
b'literally falling asleep at my desk sleeping face'
b"literally folded half a load of laundry in the four hours i've been up and about..."
b'literally getting stuck with all the crazy ass bus drivers today.'
b'literally going to cry. my protein bag ripped and it is now at the bottom of my bag'
b'literally got out of my bed, put on a pair of leggings, and came to school.'
b'literally had the best day! from giving an old lady vibrator advice to ending up in portsmouth! gotta love a day off'
b'literally had the best summer and few months possible, next week is seriously going to top it off nicely'
b'literally had to delete all my apps to download this ios 8. confused face'
b'literally hate going to the dentist'
b'literally have a love/hate relationship with listening to and in public bc i always pee my pants laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'literally have had the hardest time studying today'
b'literally have no appetite, but i am gonna force food down me so i am not going hungry later'
b'literally have not had one thing to eat today'
b'literally have so much to do...'
b'literally have to delete everything on your phone to get the ios8 update'
b'literally in campus for over 12 hours.'
b"literally just clicked on someone's avi 4 -5 times to go to their page when i was already on their page"
b'literally just cried tears of joy after passing my fist college algebra exam'
b'literally just got off my feet for the first time today. opened to close with no break?'
b'literally just planned my wedding with david..'
b"literally just sliced my skin with my razor. i only shaved one leg and i do not even care, it's not worth it, it's just not worth it"
b'literally just walked a mile in the rain confused face but still'
b'literally just woke up to my t. v being on fire!'
b'literally like why can not you tell me what i did? pensive face'
b'literally listened to rather be 20 + times today'
b'literally love being sick more than anything'
b'literally love being talked about when i am not there. \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d face throwing a kiss thanks homie. face with tears of joy'
b'literally made myself laugh for 10 minutes thinking about how much of a fake bitch you are loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face weary face weary face'
b'literally made these two guys stop in their tracks and stare because of my burp in gander weary face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'literally miss you sm face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b"literally my dad has won mets tickets 3 times while i've been at school unamused face"
b'literally nobody came to the pool today from 1 -7... which is my shift.'
b"literally not even a month ago things were simple. this week everything's been flipped in the air."
b'literally nothing feels better than being loved by someone who hates everyone'
b'literally procrastinating so much i should be failing some classes'
b'literally school has wrecked my social life with twitter'
b'literally so annoying. do not come to me for advice then get angry when i say my part.'
b'literally so tired i tried plugging my car key into my phone to charge it weary face'
b'literally stressing over nothing'
b'literally tears of joy when i think that in two more school weeks i will be done and graduated with a bachelors degree smile thank you jesus'
b'literally think i may die if i do not get some decent sleep'
b'literally this class is confirming all my insecurities.'
b'literally this is the first day all school year that i did not get homework'
b'literally trying to research and only singing stonehenge.'
b"literally wtfff adele i've been counting down the days til this album & now you tell it will not be on spotify i can not live like this"
b'literature is really interesting rn'
b'little 5 graders thinking their hw is hard... wait until you get into highschool... grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"i like how you're so awkward and amusing ha yet super dedicated and smart good i also like the fact that youre my friend!"
b'little brings more joy than watching parents and children doing math together at brophy school math night!'
b'little comets/fickle friends/hippo campus dingwalls is a week after my 18th thank you lord i feel this is a beaut lineup'
b'either that room where oliver disappears to or the atrium just no fires or fag ends in my plants, we do need oxygen up here'
b'i wanna make a move on and i have for about 8 years smile'
b'woah slow down girls watch you dont hit tweet limit, youre going crazy with all your tweets smile'
b'have fun face throwing a kiss as soon as i start and finish this lab report tonight, i am done.'
b'litty w my next semester classes no class on fridays and my earliest class is 1:15'
b"liv ain't built for this shit like mellie. can not swallow all that bullshit that comes with flotus"
b"i always have two classes in one day besides mondays & fridays. i don ' dropped this iphone too many times tho."
b'is out today! click the link to buy it on itunes now! you will not regret it! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'live like spongebob. laugh out loud all day without any reason and annoy the mean people with your happiness.'
b'living on earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.'
b"well i wasn't on a bout you anyway and thanks for telling me all about ur amazing holiday"
b'i keep moving away from it. nice move mother nature'
b'lmao i love being lied to :))'
b"lmao i am getting dm's of people threatening me lmao how nice"
b'lmao i am tempted but i do not want to get caught'
b'lmao little do you all know it was the fucking drugs. god i was blessed with a fucking fantastic mother.'
b'lmao. my friends love me smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes so \xf0\x9f\x98\x84damn smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes much smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'lmao my sister really do not want to get caught up she payed me to not tell him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lmao being left alone on the screen and just drinking from his mug with a lil thumbs up. love it'
b'lmao reminds me when i was stuck babysitting a 19 year old at this concert'
b'lmaoshifottaasalotf : laughing my ass off so hard i fell of the toilet and accidentally shit a little on the floor.'
b"lmao that's hella sexy!. face with tears of joy"
b"lmao when i am famous nobody's going to make fun of my school pics because they'll be burnt face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face future fans if i find you have them watch out"
b'thanks for the call back.'
b'lmfao the person who marked my lab report is way too fucking nice \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. but good for me'
b'lmfao this is so me'
b'load of liverpool fans behind the sky sports reporter, are they not at work? :o'
b"thanks for the purple rain and a great time.. keep rockin ' and writing"
b'locked myself out of my apartment and do not have a spare key to my car. happy monday to me.'
b'locked out my house for 25 minutes after a hour and a half spin class from hell.. fantastic'
b'locking chris out bc he has not answered my texts i fell asleep.'
b'locking your keys in your car at school is the best feeling in the entire world.'
b"that's ok logan. i know you're really busy. i hope it was a great day for you & have a goodnight."
b'maybe because games " journalists/critics " do not actually play games and literally hate games'
b"l -o -l at school sun up to sun down plus having a job. i'll miss this those bad when i am in my office bossing interns around."
b'lol block me on twitter? im crushed face with tears of joy ha'
b'lol canceled class and 85 on exam... good start to the day'
b'lol followers getting up there ntm tho'
b"lol getting called uneducated by someone who can not spell'sense ' or'sentence '"
b"lol glad to see you're doing well"
b'lol gonna sleep so great tonight... cause last night weary face weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. lol'
b"lol gotta love when a night of doing homework turns into drinking and looking at victoria's secret magazines lolz"
b'lol happy weekend to me'
b"lol i just blew at the spider with the hairdryer, it only moved a particle's length and i screamed"
b'lol i just love finding out that people lie to you.'
b'lol i love math but hate my geometry teacher'
b'lol i am not sure why i enjoy seeing little kids trip and fall so much face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'loling at the fact that apple thinks i have 5. 8 extra gigs to download ios8'
b'lol i straight up jumped over the railing to get the t-shirt and they were all gonna close in on me until i fucking exploded. it was great.'
b'lol it be so cutee when my baby talks to my belly every night just so she will move smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lol... i wish i had a boyfriend who paid for all my shit.'
b'lol jk, went though hell for the last week for absolutely nothing. so excited for my next cyst!'
b'lol just made a joke about buying my paycheck suuupereffective'
b'lol love being ignored smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lol love missing the bus to do some thing for my sister'
b'lol me crying on my lunch break at a simmons bank parking lot.'
b"lol money doesnt buy you happiness but i'll rather cry in my matte black jeep ha"
b'lol my boyfriend obviously loves me very much.'
b'lol my timehop will be filled with bul for the next 8 months grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'lolo jones has such a delightful attitude and personality'
b'lolo jones looks like she is having a great time on'
b'lolol i dont have classes fridays smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lol still a few years to wait for this'
b'lol thanks career lady'
b'lol thanks, i am a fan of deeper pies, hold the burnt face with tears of joy but yeah this was a fun experience! thanks for watching!'
b'lol thanks you too and boy oh boy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face get fucked up for me.. i been sober for a minute now'
b"lol this dude commented on yesterday's video and said dcp should kill himself hahah thanks dude i will get right on that hahahaa"
b"lol this is the first day i've had homework all year really"
b'lol what a fucking great morning!'
b'lol when people ain talked to in a long time text me i act like i never met them before face with tears of joy'
b'lol wow i just put a new cream on that i was super excited about and now i am covered in hives!'
b'lol, you have to love fake friends face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'lol youre such a wonderful friend'
b'i wish i was as nice as you, shoot you got a whole online catering service and shit'
b'long bus rides after a w are the best face with tears of joy'
b'long bus rides are also a therapy'
b'long bus rides got me feeling like'
b'long bus rides when you are down are the best relieved face'
b'long bus rides with no charger. expressionless face'
b'long bus rides with no music disappointed but relieved face crying face crying face crying face'
b'long naps after school. \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1 but waking up in a horrible mood...'
b'long time ; no see no talk no text no chat with you bes.'
b'look at it this way ; if walmart did not exist those people could shop anywhere.'
b'look at these real ads about real things that are happening really'
b'look at what urban outfitters made wow so cute'
b'look daddy! we are taking a selfie while pouring sand on my head good'
b'look here for great advice about lead generation - is lead generation doing nothing more than leaving you'
b'look i do not wanna be famous for the fame i want to be famous so i can meet other famous people'
b'look i am sorry about your lamp but automatic karate is a serious disease.'
b'looking after a poorly mr and watching get beat... such a great night'
b'looking at old photos and all i can do is laugh, we were so cute'
b'looking at old pictures like wow i was a dime'
b'looking at your bestfriend and saying, " i\'ll do it if you do it... "'
b'looking at your text book and thinking, " what a waste of trees. "'
b'looking back at the past and realizing what a fucking idiot you were.'
b"looking back i think i should've straightened my hair instead of curling it for homecoming"
b'looking better all the time.'
b"looking for a boy taller than 5 '8 who will take me to parties and punch other boys for me"
b'looking for a guy with alzheimer. gonna try to make him remember me.'
b'looking for a stable job with no idea of which perfume to be bought next time.'
b"looking forward to a highly enjoyable few months rehearsing'torchbearer ' for regional champs..."
b'looking forward to another meal for one tonight'
b'looking forward to catching our stray momma mouser tonight for her " fixing " appointment tomorrow morning...'
b'looking forward to going back to work today'
b"looking forward to hearing what momma g (gwyneth ) wants us 'lam ' students to do over the next two years...?"
b'looking forward to school kids going back to school next week - not!'
b'looking forward to staring at the ceiling until i fall asleep'
b'looking forward to the painkiller and all liquid diet'
b'looking horrendous all day was definitely worth the half hour extra sleep'
b'looking thru fb... parents with their kids sharing their joy of their school exam results. im trying to imagine'
b"look i see that you love me and would kill for me, but this guy over here barely notices me and has a gf. i'll play the odds. -woman logic"
b"look like i am on death's door, just the look i was going for"
b"look officer, i am not being a smartass. all i am sayin ' is if you caught me then you were speeding too."
b"*looks forward to the weekend* *doesn't do anything all weekend *"
b'looks like bear is the real mvp.. unamused face'
b"looks like i'll be cleaning out my phone to make room for 25"
b"looks like i'll have 4 hours of sleep tonight"
b'looks like i am getting stuck babysitting while my family leaves to go shopping, again'
b'looks like i am pulling an all nighter tonight lol gotta love homework!'
b'looks like mia is having another stellar day.'
b"looks like today's going to be a good day already!"
b'looks like today that pigs might fly'
b'looks like we could be in for another goal feast'
b'looks of disappointment at football games are my absolute favorite'
b'looool i love being left alone in a library'
b'looooove getting home for the day at almost 10pm flushed face weary face loudly crying face'
b'loooove not getting a reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"ha! it's very expensive but they'd give their right arm to live in the hamptons i bet!"
b'losing an argument? say stuff you can not take back! it works every time'
b'losing money at the casino is the best feeling ever'
b'losing my mind... cleaning at 11pm because i can not sleep lol'
b'losing sleep because of her lol'
b'losing sleep due to over thinking on a nightly basis is linked to high blood pressure, depression and lack of motivation.'
b'losing sleep for nothinggggg god im so tired'
b'losing sleep for someone is love because i loooove sleep.'
b"losing sleep over the shooting episode of grey's smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"losing the best thing that's happened to me like it's my job."
b'losing what little sleep i should be getting worrying about where my girl is gonna go for the day. so stressed disappointed face'
b'losing your phone is like losing your life.'
b'losing your phone was a bigger deal than losing your virginity'
b'lost my virginity lost my innocence lost my phone (tweeted from computer )'
b'lost my wallet this morning what a great start to my day'
b'loud ass roofers at 7 in the morning + mom blasting music = no sleep for michael. yeah fuck all this smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'gee what a nice person you must be'
b'the same heart and the same mind and the same brain and the same objects because they love one another'
b'is awesome listen the album while i do the homework, l'
b"let's pretend you do not have a son back in la that just spent his first halloween without his dad \xf0\x9f\x99\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\x97\xf0\x9f\xa4\x94\xf0\x9f\xa4\x90"
b"louis was listening to note to self and layed his head down in attempt to go to sleep, there's no coincidence"
b"louis : yeah, we're definitely coming back ok boi but if you lie to me i will find you"
b'love 3v3 hockey. seeing nhl guys just gassed after a shift is great'
b'love 8am classes'
b'love accidentally falling asleep at 8pm n being wide awake at 1am :)))))'
b'love a day off tomorrow and currently lying in my double bed catching up on i am a celeb grinning face with smiling eyes perfect \xf0\x9f\x90\x9b\xf0\x9f\x95\xb7\xf0\x9f\x90\x8d face savouring delicious food'
b'love always being left alone'
b'love always being second choice smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yea but i only took one because i took some allergy medicine'
b"love a man in a suit. hot as hell when he goes down on another man's cock. especially when he's a hot bearded daddy"
b"love and respect others if you think you are only one right you'd probably be left alone."
b'love a post run freezing cold bath.'
b'love a solo thursday shift'
b'love been stuck on the crusher'
b'love being 18 so i can buy everybody else shit bc i do not do drugs grinning face'
b'love being called a hoe for simply saying no and rejecting someone smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being called a kid and being talked to like i am 5'
b'love being called a leader'
b'love being called " baby " & referred to as " my girl " heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'love being called into work on my day off!'
b'love being called name that i am not smile smile smile'
b'love being called out'
b'love being hacked by face throwing a kiss'
b'love being ignored for 4 days!'
b'love being ignored like really fuckin do'
b'love being ignored!'
b'love being ignored what did i ever do to deserve nobody liking me? at least i got one true friend, well always be brothers!'
b'love being left alone ha ha ha'
b'love being left alone in the hall while people go and sing'
b'love being left alone... just me and my thoughts'
b'love being left out..'
b'love being lied to love having no friends in this god awful place.'
b'love being lied to makes me feel super special smile'
b'love being lied too smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being mexican but i be getting yelled at for being too skinny or not wanting to eat or not wearing socks like daaaamn'
b'love being no ones mcm:)'
b"love being on my own in town and missing the bus and there's a 20 minute wait, great xx"
b'love being replaced'
b'love being second choice'
b'love being second choice smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being sick\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'love being sick on vacation'
b'love being stressed first thing in the morning'
b'love being talked about even though i have not played in a game in 3 years. hilarious. lol'
b'love being talked about i do face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked about infront of. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being talked about on notes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked about on twitter, and then someone putting there two sense in when you do not even know what your talking about face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked behind my back'
b"love being talked to like a piece of shit you'll get what you give from now on."
b'being up early after getting no sleep'
b'love being up early and being productive. feels so much better than sleeping in till 10 or 11 everyday'
b'love being up early but i am oh so sleepy white frowning face'
b'love being up early enjoying a nice cup of coffee'
b'love being up early for a change'
b'love being up early \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f. full day ahead'
b"love being up early it's like the world sleep"
b"love being up early, it's me at my optimum"
b'love being up early on sundays...'
b'love being wide awake and not being able to sleep when is snoring in my ear honest pensive face'
b'love being wide awake at 02:35 x'
b'love being wide awake at 12:18am when everyone else is fast asleep flushed face'
b'love being wide awake at 1 am on a school night'
b'love being wide awake at 2:30'
b'love being wide awake at 2:45 am expressionless face'
b'love being wide awake at 3:20am smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'love being wide awake at 3:40 when i did not even nap today smiling face with open mouth'
b'love being wide awake at 3 am on game day! sleeping on the ride over will be nice, until its my turn to drive'
b'love being wide awake at 3am'
b'love being wide awake at 3 in the mornin for no reason disappointed face'
b'love being wide awake at 3 in the morning'
b'love being wide awake at 4 am'
b'love being wide awake at 4 in the morning, absolutely love it smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being wide awake at 5. 05 on a saturday morning!'
b'love being wide awake at 6am having not slept yet \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love being wide awake at this time feeling absolutely shite. let me sleep person frowning'
b'love being wide awake at this time fucking brilliant.'
b'love being wide awake at this time, its me favourite'
b'love being wide awake at this time on a sunday unamused face'
b'love being wide awake at this time!'
b'love being wide awake every night when i have an 830 the next day'
b"love being wide awake it's really nice"
b'love being wide awake when a need to get up at half six'
b'love being wide awake with jay at 4 in the morning smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'love being yelled at by religious zealots'
b'love being yelled at like i am 6 years old smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being yelled when i need help'
b'love bein up at this time goin work'
b'i was hoping classes were cancelled smile unfortunately now we go to class in fear ha'
b'love = big problem you do not have to have to love 1tim 6:10 -love of money is the root of all evil - some coveted & erred from the faith'
b'love breakfast but hate being up early enough to make it? watch our new make -ahead casserole'
b'love cleaning the barn.'
b'love coming back from work to a ton of fuckin homework. greaaaat.'
b'love coming home after work and doing homework.'
b'love cramming in homework at the last minute'
b'love crying before a vb game'
b'i choose to honor my husband because i am weak but because i am strong'
b'dont retweet... type it and tweet... coz retweets dont count.. only tweeting does'
b'love doctors... what do you really treat? i do not see anybody marry their 1st love'
b'love does not see the intensity of your love, it just see the hardness of your sneeze!'
b'love dressing up for games weary face face with tears of joy'
b'loved singing last night for my italian american family, nothing like jazz to let out some of your blues \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'loveeeeee when girls talk shit about me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. pretty funny honestly.'
b'love family arguments'
b'love feeling like i am gonna puke'
b'love for satan the unmaker his love promise of gold as love fades you are left alone, in this all big world left to face the unknow,'
b'love four hours naps. do not love being wide awake rn smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love freddie being wide awake at this time of night'
b'love getting an early night.. & being wide awake at 12. 30am smirking face weary face'
b'love getting called into work on my day off! angry face'
b"love getting home from work knowing that in less than 8hours you're getting up to go back there again."
b'love getting in the car and getting yelled at for no fucking reason :-))'
b'love getting into bed tired then being wide awake'
b'love getting told that i am a bitch and i need to get out of he house.'
b'love getting updates on how long people are having to wait for ios8 to download.'
b'love getting up early'
b'love getting up early to study the types of body tissues.'
b"love getting up for work when the suns rising and coming home when it's setting unamused face"
b'love getting yelled at by my managers for nothing smile'
b'love getting yelled at for doing nothing wrong but okay mom \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love getting yelled at'
b'love going on snapchat after a party or night out and seeing my amazing dancing and singing'
b'love going out in public in my school uniform'
b'love going to bed like this smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love going to class right after a work out.'
b'love going to sleep like this'
b'love going to work in a bad mood'
b'love/hate relationship with morning classes, wake up so early but yet have the rest of the day free'
b'love having 5 minutes between classes all the way across campus from each other smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love having a bedtime every night!'
b'love having a great sales day at work \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love having an allergy reaction unamused face'
b'love having an f in geometry smile'
b'love having a regular convo. with i have sooo much time to do that...'
b'love having a sneeze fit right before casts!'
b'love having car problems'
b'love having no phone!'
b'love having problems w my baby \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'love hearing drunk stories of me lol'
b'love hearing people having sex upstairs'
b'love hearing screamo blasting outside my window smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love hearing that i am " second best " in your eyes'
b'love hearing the construction noise right beside our windows'
b'love helping with geometry'
b'love hen i am in a good mood and someone ruins it.'
b'love how aaron rodgers applauded for calling out jerks during moment of silence at game yet nothing is said about turkey & " god is great "'
b'love how alexis actually takes time to do his homework and makes sure i do not have any'
b'love how carls has my back when something goes down'
b'love how he texts me on his own.'
b'love how i can not even sleep in anymore'
b'love how kids introduce themselves like " hello im johnny im five years old i know how to read " ya cool i didnt ask for ur life story asshole'
b'love how me and my mom get in an argument and all of a sudden she cares about my schoolwork lol'
b'love how my dad just randomly cares that i am dating someone! alright dad! you win the best father of the year award!'
b'love how my parents start arguments with me over bs'
b'love how my parents think it is hilarious to scare an prank me... \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'love how my plans never work out smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love how people are mad at cam newton for celebrating after scoring a touchdown, but greg hardy is not being talked about after beating.'
b'love how you care'
b'love how when i come home after a 12 hr shift babe has already washed dishes, swept, vacuumed, & left me a sweet note before he had work smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love hunting for a job'
b'love in the dark is really good'
b'love in the dark is so good and i do not even like adele that much'
b'love in the dark is sooooooooo good'
b'love is a two way street but you have to be careful because women can not drive.'
b"love is a weird thing like you just pick a human and you're like yes i like this one i'll let this one ruin my life forever"
b"love is cleaning your boyfriend's room and bathroom because he's still sick with bronchitis for the second week in a row couple with heart"
b'love is falling asleep dreaming sleeping face of the one that makes you smile and waking up smiling smiling face with smiling eyes about the one you dream of'
b'love is friendship set to music. " this feels! sorry cant move on eh! smile'
b'love is halding hands in thezstreet. marriage is holding arguments in the street.'
b'love is just a wild emotion that can flare up during the good times and die during the bad.'
b"love is like a beach ball at a rock concert. i's fun for the people that get to be a part of it and just plain annoying for everyone else."
b"love is like a hot pocket : if you rush into it, you're bound to get burned"
b'love is so cute i am gunna puke'
b'love " is so much easier to say than " incurably agonizing and soul-crushing codependence.'
b"love is spending the rest of your life with someone you want to kill and not doing it because you'd miss them."
b'love istholding hand in the street. marriage is holding arguments in the street.'
b'love is very strong.. it can remove tears, fears & even underwears.'
b'love it! is joe the most interesting man in the world?'
b"love it lma my bae forces me to wake up cause he's missing me \xe2\x98\x85 relieved face"
b'love.. its a missing puzzle piece waiting to be found and when you do find it you can finally figure out the picture life has to show you.'
b'love it : some historians whine abt being called " communal " in the same letter in which they manage to sound communal'
b'love it when me and then deletes it.'
b"love it when a female pulls off a nice little fuckface. osati looking lookin like you tryna puke out a penis that's stuck in your throat."
b'love it when i can not sleep pouting face'
b'love it when i pay for my hair and makeup and the have to go home & fix it bc it looks like a dying of a disease'
b'love it when i sneeze while brushing my teeth'
b'love it when me and my sister walk out of our rooms basically wearing the exact same thing'
b'love it when my 1st appt is late... just sets my whole day up right.'
b'love it when my clients are as amazing as this org-check out the awesome work of the great ape heart project'
b'love it when my hair is covered in plaster'
b'love it when ppl just assume shit'
b'love it when shit goes down and i am the cause smiling face with horns'
b'love it when someone else is getting yelled at and its not you this time face with tears of joy'
b'love it when the internet goes down and i can not do anything unamused face'
b'love it when thunder wakes me up at 830'
b'love just now getting home & starting my 5 hours of homework :))'
b'love knowing how much you care!'
b'love listening to old fellas in the pub discussing the pros and cons of carpet'
b'love listening to on my night shift, makes the night go quicker!'
b'love love love being called cutie \xf0\x9f\x98\x8b\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b'love love love being second choice!'
b'love love love puking'
b'love love love working with schools to improve safety for kiddos with food allergy!'
b'love love still being wide awake at 5am'
b'love lying in bed at night and feeling my sweet little baby move around \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x91\xb6'
b"lovely story for a dark time. this is how it's supposed to be between all good people."
b'love making awkward eye contact with people in the dining hall \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a...'
b'love manchester grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"love means never being able to like another girl's selfie on instagram ever again."
b'love meeting parents for the first time'
b'love me like you do! \xf0\x9f\x8e\xbc\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5\xf0\x9f\x8e\xbc love me like you do! what do you waiting for?!'
b'love missing the bus and having to wait an hour'
b'love missing the bus by one fucking minute so now i have to wait 30 more minutes'
b'love missing the bus & having to wait an hour for the next in the freezing fucking cold \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb2'
b'love missing the bus'
b'love my family'
b'love my job bc an 8 hour shift feels like an 8 minute shift'
b'love my job but kinda ready to start clinicals in january so i can really do what i have my heart set on hospital'
b'love nba on tnt thursday night. nothing like kicking back on the couch and watching the last of the game.'
b'love never having classes on fridays.'
b'love night time clinicals, hate being wide awake after'
b'love not being able too sleep anymore...'
b'love not being able to watch the wings game and seeing pav score because i am stuck babysitting kids i do not even like'
b'love not getting a reply smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'love only being talked to when you want something smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love picture day when i am sick! i must look absolutely fabulous smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love randomly being wide awake at 4:15am mind unamused face'
b"lover boy fell asleep last nigh my and so did i so i did not get to wake up to him, but tonight's the do over lol"
b'love reading while sitting on the bus/lrt! missing the bus this morning is now worth it! and'
b'love ringing the doctors and getting told to ring back monday morning instead of making me an appointment... fab!'
b'loves a 22 min wait for a bus'
b'loves a 3:00am wake up for work'
b'loves a 5 o clock finish'
b'love seeing you first thing in the morning...'
b'love shit stirrers me'
b'love sitting at the doctors rooms...'
b'love sitting here day off not doing anything at least i got my'
b'love sitting in class soaked'
b'love sneezing & having snot come out of my nose smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love spending my day in urgent care smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love spending my lunch break in the post office'
b'love spending nights in with lewis while he watches football and ignores me'
b'love stapling and folding like 3000 letters on mondays smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love starting the day off with really good tunes, that giddy excitement gives me a good way to measure everything else that day'
b'love staying up till 11:15 doing homework smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love taking a nap early on in the day and almost sleeping through the night, but then waking up and not being able to go back to sleep'
b'love that i can not register for any classes'
b"love that i know so many independent women that say they can handle anything. unless it's scheduling a doctors appointment. face with tears of joy"
b'love that i placed an order with 4 days ago and it still has yet to ship. such impressive service!'
b'we had so much fun even though i ended up sore and burnt and bruised face with tears of joy'
b'love that my face is gunna be swollen tomorrow for picture day... pouting face loudly crying face'
b'love that my last summer night is spent reading'
b'love that my phone freezes -_-'
b'love that perron shift. set the tone'
b"love that the only drama i have is choosing between grey's anatomy or homework. you know who the winner is."
b'love that the soccer game last night got announced'
b'love that way my water bottle spills in my bag n ruins half my jotters/notes etc'
b'love the allergist..'
b'love the battery life on this phone. never charged my phone all day, woke up on 100% & just made it to 10%.'
b'love the craft show because we get a day off on friday.'
b'love the doctors! pensive face'
b'love the fact that i am still here, doing nothing when i could be at home sleeping or doing my homework unamused face'
b'love the fact that we do not let arguments or disagreements come between us heavy black heart'
b"love the night shift cause everything's slow hate the night shift cause everything's slow"
b'love the political advice on twitter.'
b'love the possibility of weekend work. its what gets me up on a friday morning!'
b'love these fire alarms'
b"love these people! i do not have the exact number, but i'd guess we served something like 100 -150 people today."
b'love the sound of fish spurs on the way to my 8am.'
b'love the way my plans never work out'
b'love this app to get all the right answer on geometry homework'
b'love this idea for a little project with the kids. simple and fun to do and guaranteed no biscuits will be burnt'
b'love this move by last night.'
b"love this thing you do and that's when you do not text me back. smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'love to be left alone'
b'love to find pics of me! (not my pic ) thanks lizzy, just what i needed after a bunch of chinese'
b'love to hate to love to sneeze'
b'love too get yelled at by dance mums'
b"love to see bc get knocked down a few pegs, but if i have to have one more nd football event crammed down my throat i'll puke."
b'love us on twitter? come and see us on facebook too!'
b'love waiting at the doctors for 30 minutes... grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'love waiting long periods of time for people'
b'love waking up and watching your snapchats your fucking amazing bitch ha'
b'love waking up at random times'
b'love waking up from a nap and being wide awake the rest of the night expressionless face'
b'love waking up insanely early on my day off for doctors appointments ((:'
b'love waking up in the middle of the night!'
b'love waking up super early'
b'love waking up to angry work email.'
b'love waking up to dig puke piles in the morning!'
b'love waking up to puke face with medical mask'
b'love waking up to this... unamused face unamused face raised hand sleeping face sleeping face'
b'love waking up to this. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love walking a mile to class'
b'love walking in my door and getting yelled at the second i get home'
b'love walking through your cloud of cigarette smoke. why buy my own pack when i can just inhale yours?'
b'love walking to class in the pouring rain \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love when bryan favs my tweets but does not answer my texts pouting face'
b'love when bryce drives me to school so i can have an extra half hour of sleep'
b"love when couples keep their business lowkey & off social media. then you see them in person & they're just so happy with each other."
b'love when dalton is on my computer and makes a post about a girl he likes and makes me look like a lesbian. face with tears of joy'
b'love when doctora gives 282828 hours of homework for 4 points'
b'love when getting up at 9am is now considered a nice lie in!'
b"love when grey's has all the doctors talking personal issues when there are injured firefighters everywhere. not a good episode"
b"love when i come home and it's no food or snacks"
b'love when i do not get paid when i am supposed to'
b'love when im putting mascara on and i sneeze'
b'love when i am the only person to show up to practice'
b'love when i see the same exact tweet tweeted by like every single twitter account'
b"love when i tell francis to not fall asleep and to hang out with me but minutes later he's fucking asleep. neutral face"
b"love when it's my siblings getting yelled at & not me smiling face with halo"
b'love when keek spills her whole water on me at dinner'
b'love when kids say they can beat me but when it goes down i win face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'love when middle aged men wink at me when i am bagging their groceries'
b'love when my alarm does not go off.'
b'love when my boyfriend remembers me after the game is over and his friends go home'
b'love when my mom and brother both snapchat me gloating about going out to breakfast while i am in class'
b'love when my phone calls do not get answered pouting face'
b'love when my phone goes down from 46% to 24% in a second'
b'love when my professor turns english class into history...'
b'love when my shift gets changed so i can not go to mcmaster open house'
b'love when my shorts ride up at the gym and you can see my skort tan line'
b"love when my sister's water spills on my pants smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'love when niamh retweets everything'
b"love when people ask me for homework because it's pretty much my only incentive to actually do my homework face with tears of joy"
b'love when people burn incense in the halls and my whole room smells like it grinning face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'love when people do not reply to important messages'
b'love when people run on the treadmill above me as i am about to go to bed'
b'love when people talk about the vets and the elderly to support their argument to refuse refugees, as if they gave 2 shits about them ever.'
b'love when people try to use me for rides'
b'love when people waste my time!'
b"love when the fire alarm goes off in the building i have class in... and it's raining..."
b'love when the internet goes down at work!'
b'love when theres no edgware trains from tottenham court road so i need to change at camden town. just what i want at rush hour'
b'love when you do not have two minutes to send me a quick text'
b'love when you get an a on a paper/ test & your grade moves up. 01% & if you get a bad grade on something your grade goes down like 500% smile'
b"love when you're sick and everything tastes like cardboard! face with medical mask"
b'love when your water bottle spills in your backpack and gets all of your school work and laptop and chargers wet smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"love working my nextgen classes and seeing the amazing things they're learning!"
b'love working on my last day of summer.'
b"love working out at the gym when it's pouring rain it sounds so majestic."
b'love working out with melanie in the morning. starts the day off right smile'
b"love you even though you yelled at me face with tears of joy the knight's pub"
b'love your parents. we are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.'
b'love yourself girl or nobody will.'
b"love you blue heart you were the only person missing today sleepy face but i'll see you soon! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'loving life'
b'loving someone who does not love you back is like hugging a cactus. the tighter you hold on. the more it hurts.'
b'loving the great conversation over lunch'
b'loving these migraines that wake me up in the middle of the night'
b'loving this fog on my drive to school expressionless face'
b'lovin this new rock hard mattress..'
b'imposter! i was hoping you were fluent. i was gon ask you to make me a soothing sounds sleep tape in spanish sayin sexy shit! face with tears of joy'
b'low key glad my phone broke so i do not have to deal with ya bitch ass'
b'lowkey love love love getting yelled at smiling face with smiling eyes i know you care.'
b'low key scared to start school cause i fucking hate school lol'
b'fuck yeah right that is so jam i be blasting it every time it comes on'
b"well you're friendly this morning..."
b"hey y'all! we teach sushi classes on campus & would love to come to baton rouge. see website 4 info"
b'ha it was hilarious. she normally hates getting wet but was a good way to cool her down.'
b'lucky me'
b'lucky. when i am not dealing with her i am stuck babysitting all night.'
b"i was telling sis that i do not wanna go to aunty dees anymore cause i'll be stuck babysitting by myself since you ain't coming weary face"
b'your legs are better looking than my entire body. not fair flushed face heavy black heart'
b'i am sorry but if your diesel is knocking there is something wrong.'
b"it's raining in ireland again, surprise surprise"
b"luna's like a futuristic version of the third reich. now that would make an interesting paper. too bad i do not study literature anymore."
b': i fuck wit anyone who fucks wit me " rt everybody doe'
b"you are correct. twitter is my venting medium. it's also my license to ill without repercussions. idgaff what i say here"
b'luv waking up early to go to doctors offices'
b'luv walkin up 20 flights of stairs just 2 get 2 work..'
b'lying bitches are my fave'
b'i am utterly lost with that line up tonight! nice to see we have width at last'
b'no me neither tasty xx'
b'must suck working on the weekend'
b'love going to bed like this smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'but have a great day doing nothing with your life face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'the weekend i am moving it would rain loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'music is everything to me and theres nothing like being at a live show. when i was younger i dreamed of being up on the stage'
b'i was born in vegas smile'
b'how can you give wikileaks a voice when you can not proof that they are telling the truth, it could be all lies'
b'if trump is a non issue and can not possibly win why do you cover him every night? because your scared or making money of his name.'
b'i hear they are excellent farmers. obama 4 more years'
b"madea is funny too me. what's so ever weary face"
b"made fun of james for burning himself & not even 5mins later i burnt the shit out of my finger... karma's a bitch lol"
b'i am glad you look out for me (aka try and make me cry because your a little bitch )'
b'i can not watch it yet cuz im in class but that baby wipe jellybean was fantastic'
b"made my parents sit down and watch my snails with me for a half hour before they went to sleep and i think they've concluded i am nuts"
b'made with love by our life skills classes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'shout out to the sweetest girl i know! hahahaha'
b'enjoy not listening to anything else for about 3 years'
b'is annoying she think she knows my lyfe'
b"that's really beautiful it made me cry a bit..."
b'yess! i can not wait to babysit them \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f if you let me face with tears of joy'
b'and i made snapchats of us pretending to drink the alcohol emojis at the same time'
b'dark sky paradise and dwmtm are both good albums. probably top 5 this year'
b"ever think that might offensive to people in other countries! stop throwing this in people's faces. not at the olympics \xf0\x9f\x91\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc"
b'if he is a leftie it will be some kind of art etc etc if it le pen supporter oh dear only gulitine will suffice?'
b'i wrote that before i read it.. i am getting good at this guessing who done it thing'
b'major thanks to the spurs fan who pulled me out of the middle of a crowd of west ham fans at work when the police fucked up today'
b'kill bill with kindness'
b"make any conversation awkward by pulling out and starting a stopwatch without saying why you're doing it."
b'make a random stranger\'s day by walking up to them and saying " this isn\'t real. you have to wake up "'
b'make crying fun by pretending your tears are two friends racing each other down a water slide.'
b"make fun of kim kardashian's name choice for north west if you want, but that baby is going straight to the top. and slightly to the left."
b'make it rain " is the only appropriate reply when you are asked if you want one more tuborg.'
b'if ya say so smile'
b'makes it hard to talk to anyone and make new friends... i have like, 4 and three of them hate each other... so good for awkward conflicts'
b'makes my day so much better to problems again for almost 6th day in a row'
b'make sure you do not get caught out in the rain with this gear available in store.'
b'make sure you fuck my pussy good'
b'make sure your speakers are on... :'
b'make sure you take a really long time to text me back.'
b'makeup is annoying and so are bras, hair brushes, and clothes just being a girl is annoying im 2 lazy 4 this'
b"making a joke in front of a ton of people and having them all crack up is one of the most beautiful feelings you'll ever feel do not deny"
b'making dinner will definitely feel fun'
b"making faces to a random baby when their parents aren't looking. retweet if you have ever done this."
b'making friends solely based on our shared interest in sarcasm. basically going to be best friends.'
b'making fun of people makes you look so cool'
b"making legal money isn't as fun as hella blood money and having extra to spend"
b'making muffins to release my frustration'
b'making posts bot me... awww. n bed hoping? me? one year ive been with antonio and darryl. im not ashamed! shit both was the shit lol'
b'making progress with this research paper!'
b'making someone smile is probably one of the best feelings.'
b'making such good use of my time off this morning.'
b'making typos in tweets is sooo great'
b'making up a whole story in your head, and hoping one day it will actually happen.'
b"making weird faces in pictures because it's better to look ugly on purpose"
b'oh man nobody has ever told me that, that was good. person with pouting face'
b'yes i love being dead my whole shift smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'managed to finagle my schedule next semester to have only 1 class mon/weds at 1245 & no classes again on fridays loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'someone is remembering you smile'
b"i know that silly, but it's nothing like whatever they have in texas lol."
b'i do not understand why ppl can not leave each other alone. i love a good argument but if my'
b"man flu'd out ma nut! long week and working the weekend. cant wait but to be fair i may be part of an"
b'man fuck that we both gettin wet we in this shit together the pussy had to be good for bro to do this'
b"it is tbh and i love the band teacher honestly he's great and i am getting credits for doing nothing like?!?!?"
b'man hell no! she look like a wet cat on purpose all the time bonnie another frank i thought she was the good one'
b'man i just love being second choice 24/7'
b"man i knew i shouldn't have started marcus mariota in 1 of my leagues... i was hoping these 2 shit teams would have a fkn shootout"
b'man i look good on snapchat'
b'man i love arguments'
b'man i love being able to not fall asleep'
b'man i love being second choice all the damn time!'
b'man i love english...'
b'man, i love halloween. i can get free candy without going into a van!'
b'man i love it when people do not reply to my snapchats'
b'man, i love katie. if one of us goes down, we both go down.'
b'man i love not working on fridays'
b'man i love school'
b'man i love scpa, good luck to both juniors and seniors tomorrow! my love goes to both classes smile'
b'man i really love how smoky it is today \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'man i seriously love coming home from work thursdays and catching up on'
b'man i swear i suck on being sweet'
b'man my dad just pulled the gayest shit ever'
b'mannn i sure know how to pick em lol'
b'man oh man i love geometry'
b'man, robinson cano could be the laziest mvp ever'
b'man, school work and extracurricular activities mix together so well! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'man sleeping in is such a chore'
b'the vips but the culture'
b'man, the disappointment of going to one of your favorite stores during a big sale and leaving with nada. sleepy face'
b"manwich mondays numbers have exploded over the last month. we have gone from 8 -10 to 50 -55! it's great working"
b'many people are shocked when they find out i am not a licensed electrician.'
b'marching band should be fun today.'
b'but remember bro " italian football is getting worse every year "...'
b'richard stilgoe once asked me for my autograph. " for his wife " ( )'
b'cough how dare you put cimorelli in your try not to cringe video cough im unstanning'
b'if i can see through the water then i am both but if i can not then i am a pool person'
b'you have to listen to this! i know you love this song...'
b'face with tears of joy i mean, i could try but i only do well when i am upset!'
b'whats it like not to have any worries??to refuse when you have more than you will ever need...'
b'your high off geometry problemsssss cuz you love hawks'
b'nope, hoping for a new direction national'
b'great cover of cover of lead belly\'s " where did you sleep last night? " where\'d you sleep last night?'
b'mario is definitely homeless. he wakes up every day wearing the same clothes, runs around in sewers, beats up people for their money'
b'wish i was there right now'
b"maurice is hurting he's dumb excited face with tears of joy"
b'arguments that first coin toss should count, others arguing for a second and some for best of three!'
b': lovely hair " it\'s a brazilian blow dry'
b'you were my favorite to win it all sad you are so talented! every disappointment is a blessing!'
b'throwing everything at the wall and seeing if anything sticks.'
b'mark your calendar for this fantastic event with a dynamic speaker.'
b'i have to finish my whole notebook this weekend because i suck at life face with tears of joy so bummed right now about to get my ass to work pensive face face with tears of joy'
b'marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.'
b'marriage is just texting each other, " do we need anything from the grocery store? " a bunch of times till one of you dies.'
b'marriage is kinda weird though because it\'s like \xe2\x80\x98i love you, lets get the law involved so you can not leave "'
b'marriage is like a public toilet. those waiting outside are desperate to get in. those inside are desperate to get out'
b'marriage is like the ikea of relationships. easy to walk into, confusing to piece together and difficult to exit.'
b'marriage is not always the answer lol -for -everyone'
b'marriage is something you should pay for and divorce should be free. you might think twice before buying into it.'
b"marriage teaches you forgiveness, compromise and tons of other things you would not need if you'd stayed single"
b'marry someone who has a different favorite cereal than you so they wont eat all of urs'
b'marty is being a bitch about coming to albany this weekend like suck it up i just want to see just for 5 minutes'
b'you can never over expose a sport i am sure the bdo players would give their right arm to have as much tv exposure'
b'im so sorry, that is a great loss. wait sike it was such a bad class ((rather than the selfie stick )) your very lucky'
b'oh blood tests are no fun :-/'
b'mary poppins was just called mary before she got into breakdancing.'
b'i love her so much. i miss her when i go to my classes.'
b"great she'll use a magic wand to wish isis away a la harry potter."
b'math exam tomorrow yay.! im so excited'
b'math = mental abuse to humans.'
b'math problem : a smalltown girl boards a train leaving south detroit at midnight. if she does not stop believing, how long is her journey?'
b'maths is on.'
b'math : the only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.'
b'the best part of spectre was when am + q c but that was way more algebra than i expected to do after high school.'
b'nike is real credible when it comes to children.'
b'i hope you are not getting the cough i have coughed all day long/ can " t wait until tonite///'
b'sweet snapchats'
b'max why are you always so and to me all i want is'
b"max is a fucking dickhead now, his mom's a retarded fuck and elizabeth is meeting laurie wow this show is getting better unamused face"
b'hi matt, may i use your burnt turkey image for a fun giveaway i am doing around thanksgiving fails?'
b'said no girl ever'
b'i would love to not fall asleep before fatal frame streams lol. did you finish the game yet?'
b'maybe if i changed my name to \xe0\xa4\x9f\xe0\xa4\xae\xe0\xa4\xbe\xe0\xa4\x9f\xe0\xa4\xb0 or \xe0\xa4\xb2\xe0\xa5\x8c\xe0\xa4\x95\xe0\xa5\x80 my parents would spend money on me.'
b'maybe if i stop getting my hopes up ill quit being disappointed'
b'maybe if i tilt my head to the side i can understand english - dogs'
b'maybe if school did not start 7am i would not be late everyday idk'
b'maybe if we all sit extremely still, monday will not be able to see us.'
b"maybe i'll finally sleep tonight!"
b'maybe i need jesus okok thats a lil far'
b'maybe i should just quit school and be a truck driver... heard a pretty convincing ad on pandora today'
b"maybe it's sadism, maybe it's the new gear, but in sideways rain this last few days has been really enjoyable"
b"maybe just maybe i'll be able to sleep tonight sleeping face"
b"maybe nobody likes you because you're a bitch"
b"maybe she's born with it. nah yanno what i think that's an instagram filter..."
b'maybe some miracle will happen and school will get cancelled then i will not have to work!'
b'maybe the doctors tomorrow will give me inspiration for my composition gotta love the life of been a music student face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x8e\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xba'
b"maybe the meaning of love is just having someone that's willing to put up with your bullshit all the time"
b'maybe the new u2 album apple is forcing on us will be on ios8 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"maybe these hospitals in austin, tx aren't contacting me because they're speechless by my resume & not because i live in md."
b'maybe this will keep people out of my office!'
b'may be time to get in shape. halfway up this flight of stairs and i am considering setting up base camp and trying again in the morning.'
b'maybe you should eat makeup so you will be pretty on the inside too.'
b'may i have your attention please ok thank you some attention is all i wanted'
b'may this bring joy, health and wealth to you and your dear once. gift your love ones now from our store.'
b"may your daily meltdown be less public, drug-addled, and cartoonishly insane than amanda bynes's."
b'may your monday be as swift and merciful as an execution.'
b"maybe if ya did not bitch and roll ur eyes so much ya could've won face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"mcdonald's should have a 3rd window, where you can trade in all the wrong shit they gave you at the second window."
b'i have the best algebra 2 teacher in the world smiling face with smiling eyes 1st place out of 23 smirking face'
b"mdconald's does actually serve breakfast after 10:30 if you bring a gun"
b'me : *about to cry* friend : are you ok? me : of course i am! im 100% fine wow how about you? if you need anyone to talk to, im here for you!'
b'me : *accidentally thinks about something awkward i did three years ago. me : *no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no.. no noo'
b'me : *acts out fake arguments in the shower just in case someone wants to start shit with me in the future *'
b'me : actually reads and takes great notes on the one chapter we do not have a test on in apush me : dies internally'
b"*me after a haircut* me : i love it! me : it's different me : it's not that bad me : omg why! me : where is my hair? me : they cut off too much!"
b'me after i am done ignoring someone : hey, sorry, i just got your text'
b'me after just cleaning my room : wow i am never letting my room get messy again! the next day : has anyone seen my bed.'
b'me and someday when we broke and need a job loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'me and are picking up the spanish language \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x87\xaa\xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'me and some other people outside our algebra class just had a heart to heart and then wished each other the best of luck on this exam.'
b'me and steven both get off at 12am and come home to no food. we need to fix this lol'
b"me a nerd? ha no, i am just making sure i do not end up working at mcdonald's with you in the future."
b'mean girls will always be the most quotable movie of all time'
b'me & are okay! just a little argument face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss but i still love her'
b'meanwhile it is 2:40am, raining, and i am outside because the fire alarm went off.'
b'me as a girlfriend : " feed me " " pay attention to me " " love me " " why do you hate me "'
b'me asking if you want anything from starbucks is my way of telling you i am going to be very, very late'
b'me at school : can you stop talking because i do not care.'
b'me at school : " i\'ll work on this at home. " me at home : " i\'ll work on this at school. "'
b'me at school : no really i am smart, i just do not feel like doing this'
b'me + bed = best couple ever.'
b"me being pee shy is so bad that i literally couldn't go until the bitch left the bathroom."
b'me being rude : shut the f *ck up. me being polite : please shut the f *ck up.'
b'me : better check my phone for texts from friends me : *checks phone* me : better get some friends'
b'me : breathes. mom : i am sick and tired of your attitude'
b'me : " can i go to the bathroom? " teacher : " what for? " me : " to open the chamber of secrets. "'
b'me : *does 1 out of the 10 things i need to do* me : wow i am really on top of things, i am gonna treat myself and take a 10 hour break'
b'me : *does nothing all day* me : " i am so tired "'
b'me : does nothing for five days me : today is a " me " day i deserve it i need to relax'
b"me : do i look crusty? sister : yeah me : wtf nae you're supposed to lie to me expressionless face face with tears of joy"
b'me : " do you know how to do vertical and horizontal stretches in algebra? " tom : " no. i literally thought you meant actual stretching. "'
b'me : *drops phone* headphones : i got you bro'
b"me : *eats something unhealthy* also me : if i drink a lot of water it'll be ok"
b'meeting someone with the same music taste is seriously the best thing ever'
b"meeting your friend's bf for the 1st time like hello i am the coauthor of all the text messengers you received. we should get along fine"
b'meet our fucking lovely first lady!'
b'me every morning : do not wake me up up up up up up do not wake me up up up up up up do not me up up up up up up do not wake me up do not wake me.'
b'me every second of everyday : " i am hungry. "'
b"me flirting : if you were a cheeto you'd be a hot cheeto"
b'me flirting : i hate a lot of people but i do not hate you'
b'me : " fuck yeah we have a substitute teacher! sub : " shut the fuck up and sit down! " me : " oh shit... "'
b'hahahaha i need to calm down sure smile'
b"our upstairs neighbors are elephants galore... it's rough"
b'lol i have a reputation to keep up face with tears of joy'
b'mega shark vs giant octopus. how did this film not win an oscar'
b'me getting dressed before school :i sit down for 20 minutes without a shirt on thinking about the reasons i hate school'
b'love that the high prairie tourism commissioner claims that the only reason ppl visit east coast is to hear our accents!'
b'me, going for a long car ride : yes i can listen to so much music'
b"me : goodnight moon smile moon : should've been saying goodnight 5 hours ago its 4am asshole get your life together"
b"you're too good omg i love being yelled at i yell at everyone else too i am glad i have a yellfriend now you're too cute omggg"
b'has a heart for now but was crucifying the woman when asking questions'
b'i\xe2\x80\x99m really disappointed in you. i used to love watching you. now you\xe2\x80\x99re an ugly person with a ugly attitude. ugly inside and out'
b'no worries a white person will soon occupy the white house racist " &)(,!'
b'watching cnn attempt to discredit trump is becoming hilarious as their attacks are so so foolish, illogical, and irrelevant'
b'what russians? knew brazile gave the info to the crook!! if it was that did this the world would be over'
b'me : *hears laughing from 49262 miles away* me : i know theyre laughing at me i just know it'
b"me : hey dude i banged your mom friend : dude my moms dead. me : hmm, that explains why she wasn't moving so much."
b'me : hey. in my mind : omg did i really just send that, what if i am annoying them, i really should stop, they hate me, omg i am so embarrassed'
b'me : hey i was wondering if you wanna go out sometime crush : no me : wtf omg sorry that was my cat running across the keyboard omg!'
b'me : hey miley guess what? miley : what? me : chicken butt'
b"me : hi crush : hi me : i am sorry. i know i said hi, but i wasn't really prepared for any follow-up conversation."
b"me : how much is this poster of this sexy man? sales clerk : that's a mirror, sir."
b'me : hush little laptop dont you cry mommas gonna find you some more wifi'
b'me : i am actually so happy with my life right now for once. life : lol, hold on.'
b'me : i can not eat anymore, i am full. food : eat me. me : ok.'
b'me : i do not even care. i am not going to talk about this anymore... me : and you know what else? [2000 word rant ]'
b'me : *ignores messages from 50 people* me : *sulks about the one person who will not message me back *'
b'me : i hate her person : me too this is how friendship starts guys'
b"me : i have no filter. friend : you really don't, you did not have to call me a dumbass earlier. me : i mean i have no coffee filter, dumb"
b'me : i have not taken a photo of me in awhile*takes photo* me : oh thats why'
b"me : i have to eat healthier me : *eats 7 pizza slices* me : i'll start tomorrow"
b'me : " i have to tell you this story about - " *starts laughing* *deep breath* " ok, there was this... " *starts laughing *'
b'me : i just did 5 squats why am i still fat'
b'me : i just got stabbed i am bleeding everywhere call an ambulance guy : awh sad that sucks! i wish i could be there to cuddle with you'
b'me : i like that... me : *looks at price tag*... me : i do not like that anymore.'
b'me : " i love u. " her : " awww really? " me : " yeah, it\'s my favorite vowel. "'
b'me : i am actually so happy right now. life : lol oh hold on just one minute.'
b'me : i am finally happy life : lol no just wait'
b'me : i am going to be healthy breakfast : fruit lunch : sandwich dinner : salad midnight snack : large pizza, mac & cheese, a gallon of ice cream'
b'me : i am gonna lose weight. me : i am gonna exercise every day. me : i am gonna go on a diet and stick to it. me : is that cake?'
b'me : im happy*thinks about life for 3. 5 seconds* me : im sad'
b'me : i am just going to rest my eyes for 5 minutes me : wakes up may 22, 2098'
b'me : i am so lonely person : hey me : leave me alone'
b'me in class : i actually get this me doing homework : what the fuck me taking the quiz : what the fuck me taking the test : what the fuck'
b"me in class : i'll finish this at home me at home : i'll finish this in class"
b"me : i need to get an a on this test me : *doesn't study *"
b"me in my head : i am tired. classmate : there's a band playing at the blues cafe after class tonight. musical note me : good i am not tired!"
b'me in pe : me : oh, there goes the ball. me : along with all the fucks i give'
b'me in ten years : " hey do you still like me, idk ur just being quiet " my husband : " babe im sleeping "'
b'because we have a chance at the league...'
b'me : i should get in the shower *2 hours later someone else starts the shower* me : omg fuck you i was just about to get in there'
b'me : is mad at you but still wants attention from you'
b'me : i swear this week can not get any worse! life : this human issued a challenge. we accept!'
b'me : it wont bother me. me : *lies down* me : it actually really bothers me. a lot. so i am gonna think about it all night instead of sleeping.'
b"me : i want a girl who's as good an internet pirate as me. me : *stays single forever *"
b'me : i want to lose weight me : i want skinny legs me : i want a flat stomach me : i want to be thin me : *sees mcdonalds* me : yolo'
b"me : i will not get jealous me : who's this fucking whore"
b'me : kill em with kindness! share the love! all they want is a reaction! me, 2 hours later : sass those hoes! tell them you do not need em!'
b'i am sure you must have some wonderful qualities but sadly nobody seems to like or trust you'
b'first not getting back with spice girls was bad but now this i am in utter shock \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xe2\x80\xa6'
b"me : *laughs* parents : what's so funny what's going on who are you talking to can i see what's the joke what are you trying to hide from"
b"me : let's start this homework *four hours later* me : let's start this homework"
b'me liking your selfie could either mean " that\'s a nice picture friend " or " i want to bend you over a table " but you\'ll never know'
b'me looking at old pictures : " why? " me looking at old haircut : " why? " me looking at old clothes : " why? " me looking at old crush : " why? "'
b'me : *looks at phone for 10 seconds* adult : woah gee golly you cant go 10 minutes without digging your head in your phone cant you'
b'me love so much a lesbian oh just a fan'
b'me : maybe ill look good today face : no hair : no body : no'
b'me : maybe my chocolate allergy is fake me : *eats a chocolate* me : *is covered in hives *'
b'me : megan when do you think you will get a boyfriend? megan : mmm i am hoping college! hit her up boys'
b'me : mom... dad.. i decided to live on my own from now on. them : okay, me : your shits outside.'
b'me : mom do you want me to help you? mom : no me : ok. mom : mom : mom : mom : mom : " when i die. then you will realize "'
b"me & my dad's convos are the best. unamused face"
b'me : " my feet are not cute " bf trying to be cute : " you have tiny little hobbit feet.. oh shit i fucked up " thanks babe'
b'whenever you\'re taking shit from the rest of the crew and arguing your point, i start hoping you\'ll yell " jem and the holograms! "'
b'men also have feelings for example... they can feel hungry.'
b'men and women can absolutely just be friends. after they make out to get that curiosity out of their system.'
b"men are born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. why? because there's no place like home."
b'men are like bras. some are sexy & fun. some are very supportive. others are annoying as hell and you can not wait to get rid of them every day'
b"men do you want to know what's going on in a woman's mind? imagine 3, 587 tabs open at the same time. all the time."
b'hahah that is such a funny joke oh man you kill me'
b"men like football because the priorities in football are also the biggest priorities in every man's life... scoring and ball security."
b'me : no one ever texts me. someone : hey. me : no not you.'
b'me not getting a reply from bae : go talk to ur other hoes'
b"men sleeping is just so adorable to me. idk why lol. it's like y'all finally peaceful and not doing anything dumb. i love it."
b'mentally exhausted, can not wait for the 4 day " weekend "'
b'men use love to get sex. women use sex to get love. me? i use coupons to get pizza'
b"men were born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. there's no place like home."
b'me : oh what the fuck friend : what happened? me : this scenario i created in my head got intense'
b'me : okay brain, lets focus for just 45 minutes on this math test we can do this. brain : dadada banana lalalalala afro squirrel potato lala'
b"me : okay it's 7 am me : i should get up me : just five seconds me : five minutes me : five hours me : five days me : five years"
b"me : ok i'll study at 8:00 clock :8:00 me : *pretends i did not see *"
b'me on my wedding day : um so do you still like me like me'
b'me on the bus today - casually cried because i love brendon so much someone - are u. alright me - yes i. have the allergy you know'
b"me opening the fridge, 'baby you light up my world like nobody else. '"
b'me : over eats and complains about being too full also me : complains about being hungry 14 minutes later'
b'me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me person : heeyyy me : shit'
b'me : *posts picture* guy who stopped texting me : hey me : well well well look what the selfie dragged in'
b'me : *puts earphones in *me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : oh rightme : *plays music *'
b'if that makes you happy.'
b'omg, i did not know i was helping you procrastinate. now i feel like a horrible person'
b'me : *reading funny tweets out loud* me : *shines phone light in my dog\'s face* me : " ok good ur still up, listen to this one "'
b'ig blocked my account bc commented so many times ur pics, i followed modelsdot please stalk me and comment my pic \xe2\x9e\xa1sofisantoss'
b'on this show today'
b'right? it circled for a good half hour but then went on its merry way! too late for me to go back to sleep, of course! sad'
b"me? scared of double texting? lmao no. you aren't replying? i'll have a full on conversation with myself until you reply. enjoy catching up upside down face"
b'me : [sneeze ] walker : " uh -oh! mommy nose cough. " he did not know the word " sneeze " ; love the way their little minds process things!'
b'me : so, you like bad boys? girl : yeah. me : well, i am not trying to impress you or anything, but at walmart i enter through the exit.'
b'me : *spends all day in bed and hopes to achieve something in life *'
b'me : studies for 5 minutes me : i can not do this anymore'
b'me : *studying for 15 minutes* me : i can not do this anymore'
b'me studying : writes down 3 words checks twitter changes song gets snack sneezes contemplates life loses place in notes falls asleep'
b'metallica on a rainy and foggy day just goes together so good.'
b'i have class in the morning! can you wait till tomorrow? & i got you'
b'me tomorrow after school for thanksgiving break'
b"me too. i hope this is where we're going design wise. game needs a fun injection big time."
b'me :*trips and falls on the floor *mom : dont mess up the floor'
b'shit... thats terrible. i wish you a nice and happy day my friend'
b'me trying to do math is like me trying to lose weight, it just doesnt work out'
b'me trying to express how i feel : idk i just feel like... idk... idk... idk man. nvm i am good.'
b"can not wait to never see russ again, unless we have too take that class and he's the only prof lol"
b'me : *wakes up* me : oh man i can not wait to go to bed that is gonna be awesome'
b'me waking up : can not wait to go to sleep tonight'
b'me, walking : " pedestrians always have the right of way! " me, driving : " look out for cars, freakin idiots. "'
b'me : walks into living room tv : tonight on how its made me : stands in same spot for 30 minutes watching how garbage bags are made'
b'*me watching a movie* me :that wasn\'t that scary " tv : " based on a true story " me : " holy shit! lock the doors lock the doooors! "'
b'me when a bug touches me : this is a gated community, please get the fuck off the property'
b'me when buying something over do i need this? do i need any material objects? will this matter when i face the great abyss?'
b'me when class is over but the teacher says " oh wait i forgot to give you your homework "'
b'me - " when do you have class " bay - " uhh noon, wait no noon-thirty'
b'me whenever someone speaks : here we go again talking the same fucking bullshit'
b"me when i come home from school and there's no food"
b'me when my friends are sad : basically becomes a psychologist. my friends when im sad : ok.'
b'me when my friends are sad : *basically becomes a therapist* my friends when i am sad : " oh okay "'
b"me : why am i still single brain : you're weird as hell body : and you're fat face : plus you're ugly food : but i am here for you"
b'me with no money : i want everything... me with money : what the fuck do i buy'
b'me : *wont start episode until i have a huge plate of food* me : *finishes food before opening theme finishes *'
b'me : wow everything is going perfect for once! life : ha one sec'
b"me : wow everything's fine anxiety : you sure about that? me : wow i had not considered that"
b'me : wow i finally understand math *moves on to next question* me : what the hell is this'
b'me : wow i have so much work to do me : *goes on twitter* me : *climbs a mountain* me :*takes a nap* me : why am i not getting anything done'
b'me : wow i am actually happy right now. life : lol now hold on just one minute'
b"me : wow i really liked that song now i think i'll listen to it another seventy times in a row."
b'me : wow that exam was easy *gets a 53 *'
b'mexican word of the day : wheelchair. " me and juan only had 1 taco but that \xc2\x92\'s ok, wheelchair.'
b'mexico thank you! the shows here are always incredible! te amo! great show tonight. lots of rain and we had a great time'
b'me : yes i speak that language me : no not that part'
b'me : you look like my third wife. her : how many times have you been married?me : twice.'
b"me : you're the prettiest girl i've ever seen. her : you just want to have sex with me. me : and you're smart too, i like that."
b"mf's be having me fucked up fr, ol ' dumb ass. ion care, i am still cute though face with tears of joy victory hand"
b'my momma says your jealous cause you can not get none.'
b"mia khalifa is so fucking ugly my god if she had a little handlebar mustache and a cupcake as hair she'd be a splitting image of faze rain"
b'mia loves a selfie..'
b'basically to get your follow i have to do nothing? oh gordon clifford'
b'im going to puke im so in love'
b'me either face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': working short so i am doing two assignments and here till 11 then have homework due at midnight face with tears of joy'
b'oh yaaaa our classes are beside each other on fridays right!'
b'got to be a great tweet if they delete it'
b'michael jordan : i once made a free throw with my eyes closed. yao ming : bitch please, i played my entire career with my eyes closed.'
b'yeah. idk why any girl would lie about their age to him'
b'i looove how celebs show so much tolerance and love'
b'not really. looks like fun though. if i even get one it will not be for a while'
b'well i think he talks a very independent intelligent game chats shit'
b'middle school " shut up, it was a dare! " high school " shut up, i was drunk!'
b'midterms got me thinking about the time i overdosed on adderall, fun times... expressionless face'
b'might as well live like a regular teenager after this album done, i like relaxing'
b'might be about 10 years to wait'
b'might have to get hip surgery.'
b'hey i got a new number a long time ago and lost all my contacts can you text me please?'
b'who dosent want to be invited to a foam party with a bunch of kids running around half naked...'
b'ah! of course smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes honestly love geometry'
b'and is talking i wonder if she was a sista if she would get as much praise for her aggressiveness towards the comp'
b"did not say he wasn't a role model? why listen to him now?"
b'as a combat veteran myself i feel he has his right to do whatever but we also have the right to disapprove!'
b"it's a paper cut on golic's finger from flipping the bird at the magazine article about the lady from hawaii winning 10. 7 mill"
b'and they push it upon us with their and say that this is what the people of the want!'
b'what version were you watching? he did not win. bar so low he was merely acceptable'
b'jays fan that has to say you had a fantastic season as well was a close race hats off on the class mike'
b'i love your profile pic... i am used to having milk on my face too lmao jk!'
b"miley and liam's relationship in the last song is perfect. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5"
b'miley cyrus and liam hemsworth broke up cause its just not twerking anymore'
b'miley cyrus is just all over the internet now. people laughing everywhere lmao'
b'miley cyrus is the perfect example of someone who gives 0 fucks'
b"miley cyrus quotes the buddha. wow, isn't she a dedicated christian, just like she always says!"
b"miley's mom actually stood up for her during her performance my mom would have dragged me to church and sprayed holy water all over me"
b'million dollar idea : wifi bracelets so you can wear them and have internet connection anywhere.'
b'now, now... you are supposed to watch those kids'
b'mi madre keeps calling me burnt and making fun of me ever since the soccer tournament unamused face sun'
b'ur so cool'
b"mind : do not even say shit, just let it go, it's not worth it.. mouth : i just find it funny how"
b"mind you they do think it funny that i am threatening to sneak up on principal & pretend to kick him in arse. (he's a nice man )"
b"'minecraft ' creator on 5 billion deal : 'it's not about the money '"
b'minimalism is great for people who like doing nothing and have no money.'
b'minor assembly required'
b'mint having to wait 1hour for the new update'
b'minutes before my appointment for picking classes starts, one of the classes becomes full... so now i am stuck with an 8 am smile good'
b'follow me and see what else i do! i assure you i am not a and you may learn i am a bit smile'
b'oh my i could never do that to you! the only reason i go to that class is for our fantastic side conversations.'
b'do not worry i make that exact mistake all the timez face with tears of joy'
b'put my tweet on a video your most funniest you tuber ever and annoying at the same time \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b"i am awake and can not sleep, so i figured i'd make an early breakfast. i have about a half hour to do so. do you have any"
b".. missed a? somewhere & it's killing me to correct it. ugh, you x smile"
b'missed connection : i was me, you were any multimillionaire who feels like giving me lots of money.'
b'missed the bus and do not have my car...'
b'missing all my love ones!'
b'missing my lifetime love.'
b"missing someone is a part of loving them. if you're never apart, you'll never really know how strong your love is."
b"missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you. that you love her /3"
b'missing someone is your hearts way of reminding you that you love them. one direction'
b'missing someone who does not miss you back is probably one of the worst feelings anyone can feel.'
b'missing you here! lots of love.. do watch super interesting'
b'mission impossible? he\'s done four of them now. let\'s call it " mission pretty hard but ultimately doable "'
b"miss my team mates so much and it's only been less than a day loudly crying face it's gonna be a great weekend"
b'miss parveens class had a fantastic first visit to the library! we can not wait to go again.'
b'missing you actually, even though i sometimes think you like to be rather left alone.. would love to see ya'
b': just do not lie to me... that\'s all i ask. " yeah'
b'awesome'
b'come out and do whats right and vote for hillary. trump is a con and national embarrassment'
b'i can not donate so enjoy looking at the card. it just as good if not better.'
b'mixed signals are annoying slow replies are annoying liking people more than they like you are annoying being annoying is annoying'
b'*sighs* i was hoping eww no gross would win tbh because anxiety and shit but here'
b'i hate when i do that. then i come home hungry af and have no food. the struggle.'
b'i love being talked down to by the old " school marm "'
b"mmm i'd love to cover you in peanut butter and see how much i could lick off before my peanut allergy killed me!"
b'losing 60% of the exchange will be fine because they have those notoriously short wait times on the phone and awesome website'
b'model shares a sweet schlong.'
b'molinobongs : dream on weed or wake & bake! whatever time... - or'
b"you're still a bitch"
b'can not wait for you guys to babysit face with tears of joy'
b'mom : " all you do is sit on that computer all day! " me : " lies. i sit on the chair. "'
b'mom always gives me the worst diagnosis. like today she told me i might have strep'
b'mom : are you dating that boy you hugged him mom : are you dating that boy you were talking to him mom : are you dating that boy he looked at you'
b"mom : are you talking back to meme : yes that's how a conversation works"
b'mom : " can i see your twitter? " me : " what twitter?! " *throws laptop out window, runs to airport, moves to mexico, changes name to pepito *'
b'mom : " can i use your laptop? " me : *deletes history, logs out of every site, double check history, stands over her shoulder the whole time *'
b'mom, can i wear a dress? " " no " " mom can i wear makeup? " " no " " mom, can i have a boyfriend? " " no " " but mom, i am 18! " " i know kevin, i know.'
b'mom : clean ur room me : ha unfollowed and blocked'
b'mom : clean your room, family is coming over. oh i am sorry, i did not realize the gathering would be held in my bedroom.'
b"mom : come down it's dinner time me : in a few minutes mom :now! me : ok *downstairs* me : where's dinner? mom : it will be ready in 10 minutes!"
b'mom : did you get home safe? me : no i died a few times'
b'mom : do the dishes me : i can not i am ugly'
b"moment of silence to all the kids who can not wait to become a teenager because they think it's fun"
b'mom gives birth to identical twins, then doctors realize the stunning truth!'
b"mom : how are your grades this semester? me :mom :me : mother what's important is that we have our health"
b'mom i cant find it, " " if i go up there and find it your dead " " found it!'
b'mom said that the pizza would match my face lol'
b'moms should not be in boys hockey rooms... my job'
b'moms who have said " i\'ll be nothing like my mother when i have kids. "... how\'s it going?'
b'mom : the best things in life are free. concert tickets : lol merch : lol food : lol internet : lol car : lol starbucks : lol pizza : lol'
b'mom : " the spider is more scared of you than you are of it! " me : are you fuckin sure?'
b'mom : what are you going to do when school starts back? me : die'
b'mom : " what ever happened to _____? you used to be best friends! " me : " fuck that bitch. "'
b'mom : where did you hide the nutella? me : i am nutelling you.'
b'mom : " why is everything on the floor?! " me : " gravity, mom. "'
b'mom : why is there a hispanic man climbing our balcony me : he is my romeo & i am his juliet mom : (. _. ) me : i am just kidding call the cops'
b"mom : why is your room always so messy? me : so that if someone comes in and tries to kill me, they'll trip over something and die."
b'mom : " you need to clean your bedroom. we\'re having guests over for dinner tonight. " me : " oh, sorry. i did not realize dinner is in my room. "'
b'monday funday'
b'monday is going to be busy writing up all the great ideas from the'
b'| cycling in the rain : how to survive it |'
b"did you wake up well-rested today? here are 8 ways to make sure you'll get the sleep you need!"
b"mondays are a bazillion times better when you're sick."
b"mondays are god's punishment for what we did on the weekend."
b'monday tests fearful face literally me today'
b'monday > tuesday'
b'money can buy me happiness its called food'
b"money can not buy happiness but it can buy puppies and that's very close to happiness."
b'money cant buy happiness " i think you\'re using money wrong'
b'money can not buy you happiness.. but i much rather cry in a mansion. \xc2\xaf\\(\xe3\x83\x84 )/\xc2\xaf'
b"money does not buy happiness... but i'd rather cry in a ferrari than on my bike."
b"money does not buy happiness? well it buys a jet ski. have you ever seen a sad person on a jet ski? it's impossible to be sad on a jet ski."
b'money is how capitalism decides things, but it is completely unnecessary and actually a major hindrance'
b"money not buying you happiness? wire it into my account and i'll send you pictures of how happy it makes me. problem solved."
b'money will not make you happy " yeah, financial stability is just horrible'
b'mono is so fun. you should all try it. tired face'
b"monsters inc 2 coming out this year, move out of the way kids, i've been waiting 10 fucking years for this shit!"
b"i love the work you are doing for amir, but wish you'd stop the payday loan ads."
b"more i read more i think they're a bunch of embarrassing hood rat boy scouts. my expert analysis of is, isil, isis"
b'more overtime at work today face with tears of joy kinda messed the orders up last week face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'more rain, so another 35 mins on the cycling around in the shed - i gave it some welly.'
b'more soggy weather provided by a cold front moving in by the holiday weekend. tropical moisture extends the rain'
b'more than a half of this year has passed, you must be well build and optimistic by now.'
b'yay, so better than high school? and senior year is harder than i expected smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"that's why you shouldn't drive without a license"
b"morning classes are my favesiessssss good thing there's a french kid in my class to entertain me"
b'morning hospital trips are my favorite'
b'you know that guy joe is abt to tell a fat lie when he prefaces his sentence by " people tell me " yeah right. gtfoh'
b'morning my mmddddlct \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f lovely rain awesome workout have a great sunday. enjoy rain nd pls be careful on roads'
b'morning people. roadtrip today. unfortunately that means sitting in the car with my family for 3 or 4 hours. good'
b'morning shift is always the best tired!'
b'mornings = laziness afternoon = dying for a rest night = can not sleep'
b'most kids - i like to drink and smoke weed. me - when its cold out i like to breathe heavily and pretend i am a dragon.'
b'most of my mornings consist of me trying to avoid any human interaction.'
b'most people do not notice what you do until you stop doing it.'
b'most people say that " love is magic " just remember : magic is an illusion'
b'most people want a perfect relationship... i just want a burget that looks like the ones in commercials.'
b'most productive english class ever face with tears of joy'
b'most successful hockey twitter account " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"mother's day is so challenging. what to get someone who gave you her entire world?"
b'mothers to ask people on facebook to take their kid is real classy...'
b"quote of the week there's nothing like to keep you warm"
b'mouthy bitches piss me off. thanks for waking everyone up'
b'not really they just like held it and posted the pic but all the making fun is just kimmel'
b'movies? or studying? such a hard decision face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': college algebra for 2 hrs turn up " schombezzy is trill doe. tell my homie i said yo'
b'my two-cat, sit on your head alarm clock woke me at 6. 45 as normal, thank you!'
b'lol. i was doing my homework and i was looking for my bookbag but i found it.'
b'mr joseph thoroughly explained and taught us everything for this quiz tomorrow'
b'mr kaiser : " alright this movie took a week to complete wasn\'t it great oh by the way you have a vocab test tomorrow lol "'
b'mr mathew we do not have enough assignments for the next month... please assign more unamused face'
b'mr nice guy " s wife was not on the field & interjected herself. threatening me? something wrong there. done with this post'
b'mr rahman - we are ready for level 8 work in maths! fantastic request from yr9 class!'
b'gyujin is so cute tbh he looks like a dumb but no'
b'yeah that would suck for all the people that got in for the weekend'
b'but yall know how i love jerks face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"mr. you'll know know has a mum who knows how to piss me off, thanks for a shit start to the day lass!"
b': iphone or not "'
b'ha yeah blasting windows down'
b"hahahahahaha yes sa 'eed, cos you're the only person i ever think about"
b'amazing how scarborough has to remind us all every morning just how smart he is. he is the smartest ever besides trump. what garbage.'
b'you are literally advertising fox news every hour. how can you show that? just quote him and move on! hillary gave a press conference'
b'i am gonna ignore the'
b"we're offering sushi classes on campus 4 up to 50. more info on our website. we'd love 2 come 2 starkville!"
b'mta can suck a horse dick for this weekend bullshit son expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b"i literally have no idea what's happening for freshers."
b"5 seconds of summer despite of everything that's bullshit in this fandom or bad rumors about the boys. i look at the bright side."
b'5 seconds of summer we love them -ignore you dont -retweet you love them -ignore you dont'
b'some lady was on her phone and did not brake in time! angry face'
b'y are you not doing shows. or in random transmition. reply if you dont mind meri tweet safeguard se dhuli v h. contagious smile'
b'much love for ya would not want to talk to anyone else while doing my homework'
b'much love'
b'night not be getting mine for 21 days. impressed'
b'multiplayer is a lot like pool. 2/3 beers everything goes down no problem. 7/8 nothing hits home for love nor money!'
b"mum can not say i do not do anything round house when i am home alone, i've done 2 sets of washing up & now clothes."
b'mummm i am not tired i am not sleeping me shut up light out literally a minute later snoring can be heard'
b'oh yeah i do that kind of dinner every night'
b'nothing like a winters night and a wine hamper in front the fire!'
b'guns n \' roses sealed perfect " live like a suicide " original album -superb copy'
b'music helps reduce anxiety, as well as helps the mind and body cope with stress'
b"music is waaaay better when it's loud."
b"music music music and more music \xf0\x9f\x8f\xbdcan't live without out it."
b'music teacher : " what\'s your favorite musical instrument? " fat kid : " the lunch bell.'
b'music videos (average run time 3. 56 mins ) that start with director/artist credits really do need to get over themselves thriller, durp'
b'music was a good idea thank you humans who made music a thing'
b'at least. twitter is sooo helpful unfollowing people for me. then they are like wth? grrr'
b'must be lonely over there on " i am offended by jokes " island.'
b'must be raining.. my eyes are watering and the wormy fans of a 2 -8 team crowd the sidewalks, excited over nothing'
b'my 16 year old cousin has the saddest facial hair. it looks like he ate something sticky and then rolled on the cat.'
b'my 2017 resolution is to stop thinking so much about the future.'
b'nobody is silencing you. there is which is literally made to give women and minorities a voice for themselves'
b'my 2years old has made a new language up lol she finds it so funny right'
b'my 5 year old can work twitter better then me...'
b'my adrenaline is going wild and i have no appetite'
b'my alarm clock today : my parents fighting. thank you guys, i did not know if i was gonna be up to take a shower or not'
b'my algebra prof is seriously the best, may god bless your kind soul my friend loudly crying face'
b'my algebra teacher is the best'
b"my algebra teacher is the damn best teacher i've ever had"
b'my algebra teacher said that i have the best hand writing for the class of 2019! lol'
b'my algebra teacher told me that my only best friend was a fraction.'
b'my allergies plus my lack of sleep last night are going to make for a great day today!'
b'my all time favorite pic'
b'my anatomy teacher decided that its the first day so lets stay in class for the entire 4 hours... awesome'
b"my argument isn't that there is no gun problem in america. it's that it's a minority problem more than anything though."
b'my arms covered in hives id like to give a shoutout to my man neville'
b'my attempt to look good today failed bc i just want to go home and sleep'
b'my attempt to realign my sleep schedule, after working nights for the last week, has failed. went to sleep around'
b'my attempt to sleep in was a fail.'
b'my attitude in exams. they give me questions which i do not know. so.. i give them answers which they do not know.'
b"my aunty pretty good pussy.. isn't wet yet... anyone wanna try"
b'my back feels fantastic.'
b'my band is so indie we do not even record together. you have to buy 4 separate cds and play them at the same time.'
b"my bank is the worst. they're charging me money for not having enough money in my account. apparently, i can not even afford to be broke."
b'my bed has no frame and sits directly on the floor because under-bed monsters are just one less thing i have to worry about now.'
b'my bed is my best friend.'
b'my bed likes me. it does not let me go in the morning.'
b"my bedroom is perfect for a one night stand, but there's no room for two night stands."
b'my best friend and his wife are arguing and i am just sitting here casually drinking my beer.'
b'my bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions.'
b'my best friend got switched out of my last class so i am basically gonna fail algebra 1 because she helped me with the work and idk this face without mouth'
b'my best friend has just rang me to say that his son, jack frodo, has got a place at the school we went to. good'
b'my best friend is an aunt again ahhhhh and im a step aunt ahhhhh so happy for you can not wait to babysit'
b"my bestfriend isn't allowed to stop being my bestfriend, the bitch knows too much"
b'my best friend misses me so much'
b'my best friends are crazy but who cares they make me happy and i love them for it.'
b'my best talent is playing ode to joy on the recorder from elementary school smirking face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my bf do not need girl friends i am his best friend face with stuck out tongue i have 60 personalities anyways face with tears of joy chose what friend you want today baby'
b"my bfffs are da ' best. unamused face"
b"my bf is so scared of snakes he just ripped his bathroom door off it's hinges trying to run away from it..."
b'my biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.'
b'my biggest problem is that : i give people chance... after chance... after chance... after chance... after chance... after chance'
b'my birthday is being celebrated by sitting around a doing nothing... also going to a biology lab... good me'
b'my birthday is the first week of next month so hell yeah i am blasting christmas music already \xf0\x9f\x8e\x99\xe2\x98\x83\xe2\x98\x83\xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84'
b"my birthday is this weekend and it's supposed to rain. loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"my birthday monday just lettin y'all know just incase somebody wanna do something for me or get me a present lol"
b'my birthday weekend is actually gonna suck ://'
b'my birthday weekend is gonna suck.. i can already feel it'
b"my blood pressure is 120 over 69. it's apparently having a lot more fun than the rest of me."
b'my body is covered in hives due to the lad eating peanuts behind me.'
b'my body is ready for a day off, been working since last tuesday. just have to make it through tomorrow.'
b'my body so sore, im not even gonna attempt to come to school on time tomorrow i deserve a couple more hrs of sleep'
b'my body will remain unadorned until the very instant they have the technology to give me a tattoo of a. gif'
b'my boss sent me home today. apparently, " the later i get here, the quicker this ends " isn\'t the right answer for " why are you late? "'
b'my boss wants me to keep my headphones volume low enough to hear my work phone ring and stay awake at my desk like some kind of wizard.'
b'my boss yelled at me for smiling at a little girl today i love being a slave for corporate america'
b"my boyfriend could be dead broke that does not bother me. what's gonna bother me is if he does not have dreams to change his situation"
b'my boyfriend will not let me " well maybe if you like clean your room and ask again he\'ll say yes?'
b'my brain has too many tabs open'
b'my brother and i got stuck babysitting my cousins 6 kids and we just fell asleep while they played'
b'my brother bought me food today i should have known i was going to be stuck babysitting my niece tonight loudly crying face'
b'my brother gets to sleep in an extra half hour every morning and i do not think re realizes how lucky he is rn'
b'my brother legit just hit me in the face with my phone and now my lip is swollen af..'
b'my brothers football coach is the biggest dummy. he literally knows nothing about football...'
b"my brother thinks he's cool face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ha face savouring delicious food"
b'my brtv class killed our last mobile bittersweet ending to my long day! smiling face with smiling eyes can not wait for next semesters mobiles!'
b'yeah you lie too'
b"my ceiling fan has 3 speeds :1) barely moving. 2) kinda feels like it's working. 3) is going to fly off the ceiling and kill someone."
b'my classes next semester does not start until 11:30 and still have no classes on fridays. smirking face'
b'my computer likes to randomly install updates while i am trying to do my online class expressionless face'
b'my computers professor just sent me an email yesterday telling me i was doing great in the class and gave me kudos & i just failed his exam'
b'my conscious never stops me from doing anything. it just stops me from enjoying it.'
b'my course is literally 90% self taught. 4 hours of lectures a week is an absolute joke'
b'my cousins are playing black ops 3 and blasting fall out boy yeah'
b'my coworker just used the phrases " you know what i am saying? " & " you feel me? " a total of 23 times in 5 minutes. would the jury convict me?'
b"my coworkers are looking at me like they've never seen anyone tailgate before work."
b'my daddy think he is saving power by taking a shower with the light off neutral face'
b"my dad gave me in cash to pay bills with, but he's taking my car tomorrow so i can not go to the bank on my lunch break. dad."
b'my dad gets to babysit his blind workers service dog in december and i absolutely can not wait. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my dad hated my math teacher in high school and i am filled with joy'
b"my dad is gonna make me late for my physical therapy bc he's being an ass great"
b'my dad is hell bent on getting a golden lab... like today... so later tonight i am pretty sure i am coming home to a new dog ^~^'
b"my dad just yelled at me in front of my whole neighborhood. yeah that's nice dad. way to be. disappointed face"
b'my dad really does not know the difference between twitter and facebook pensive face pensive face pensive face'
b'my dad said he would get me a tiny christmas tree for my room if i cleaned it so thats why im deep cleaning it tonight and tomorrow'
b'my dad think sweet sooo nice bc he saw my snap of him putting my shoe on. yeah okay if i tell him how he be threatening to beat my ass'
b'my daily routine :1) wake up 2) be awesome 3) go back to sleep.'
b"my daughter has only just started at uni so we've got another 4 years to wait for hers! what did she study?"
b'my day is going just wonderful smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my day is off to a fantastic start'
b'my day just keeps getting better and better.'
b'my days are backwards. i wake up tired and go to bed wide awake.'
b'my days only go terrible when i have to go deal with the nicest customers in all of london at work!'
b'my day starts backwards... i wake up tired and i go to bed wide awake.'
b'my degree has done so much for me really'
b'my dentist told me i need a crown. i am like, i know right?'
b"my doctor says each piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off your life... if my math is right, i should've died in 1781"
b'my doctor told me not to lift anything heavy for a few weeks. so i have to sit when i pee now.'
b'my doctor told me to start killing people. well not in those exact words. he told me to reduce the stress in my life. same thing.'
b'my doctor told me to watch my drinking, so now i drink in front of a mirror.'
b"my dog reminds me of my ex. she does not pull her weight financially and she's scared of the vacuum."
b'my dog understands the word " no, " so how are you going to tell me teenage boys do not know the difference between rape and consent?'
b'my door was closed when you came in, do not leave it open when you leave -. -'
b'my dream pup is like 120 -140 lbs and i am only 100 lbs... if it gets too excited and gives my a hug i could be in for some hurting'
b"my dreams are so f 'ed up its weird like i did not actually make braeden cupcakes but i keep thinking i did"
b'my emotional instability has gotten to point that i can not stand up properly bc i am shaky, dizzy & tired all the time'
b'my entire back is covered in hives 10/10'
b'my entire life is just me " winging it ".'
b'my entire school : " you do not talk much. " me : " because i fucking hate you all.'
b'my evenings consist of watching how to remove cat odour you tube videos'
b'my ex can not take his new girlfriend to basketball games because she gets pissed when the whole stadium makes fun of her by yelling rebound!'
b'my ex is living proof as to how stupid i can be.'
b'my experiment presentation for class was recorded and put on facebook... great!'
b"my ex's smile was the reason why mum asked me to brush my teeth twice."
b'my ex updated her status on facebook & said she was standing on a cliff so i poked her.'
b"my eye is watering and it's raining this is not ok"
b'my eyes during a test = (?_?)(?_?)(?_?)(?_?). when the teacher comes next to me = (?_?). when the teacher walks away = (?_?)(?_?)'
b'my eyes feel fabulous in these contacts right now'
b'my face has been covered in hives for the past 2 days. yet, i am sadder abt the fact that i may never again be able to eat fried pickles.'
b'my face is covered in hives face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"my face looks so awkward but it's okay cos good finally a pic w elly! grinning face with smiling eyes concorde hotel singapore"
b'my family built off of loyalty one nigga snitch, that shit will destroy us zipper mouth face'
b'my family sure knows how to make me feel the greatest.'
b'my favorite alarms smiling face with open mouth'
b'my favorite are six am conference calls.'
b'my favorite emails are ones that let you know that your order has shipped.'
b"my favorite exercise is somewhere between a lunge and a crunch. it's called lunch."
b'my favorite feeling is disappointment'
b'my favorite greek was in my house! and shit was just a disappointment of how i pictured face with tears of joy'
b'my favorite kind of queue. thanks se for " fixing " the queues'
b'my favorite method of studying is crying a little and hoping for the best right before the test'
b'my favorite part about summer is getting 800 freckles a day'
b'my favorite part of 2012 was the part when i did not die.'
b'my favorite part of being injured & not being able to run is still getting to wake up at 6 every morning for practice.'
b'my favorite part of my life is when my expectations make reality a disappointment'
b'my favorite part of the day is finding hair all over the place.'
b'my favorite part of the day is when i get to go to bed'
b'my favorite people are the ones that can make any unfunny joke hilarious just by laughing'
b'my favorite response to a meeting invite : " why am i invited to this meeting? " unamused face'
b'my favorite song is out now! head over to itunes to pick up a copy of live like a legend'
b'my favorite thing in the whole world is sitting by myself in the union!'
b'my favorite thing in this world is harry fixing his hair, running his hands through it, just in any way touching it'
b'my favorite thing is when seth is being mean to me on purpose and will not stop. my happiness level sky rockets.'
b'my favorite thing to do is run my battery down to 1% so i can have anxiety.'
b'my favouriote part about painting is taping everything off'
b'my favourite part about turning 19 was that everyone gives you tips on how not to get too drunk... sorry, i am going to enjoy being drunk face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my favourite pre-work job : fixing a punctured bike tyre.'
b'my fever has me feeling hot'
b'my first attempt at cloning was a success and i am so excited i am beside myself!'
b'my first day off from school without any homework and i am spending it at home in jeans and a hoodie'
b'my first head cold in i do not remember how long. which is awesome timing as i have so much energy to spare!'
b'my first instinct when i see an animal is to say \xc2\x93hello \xc2\x94 my first instinct when i see a person is to avoid eye contact & hope it goes away'
b'my first weekend of work is gonna suck cause everybody and they mama wanna see mockingjay part 2 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'an absolute stunning model of behavior for young kids.'
b'my freshmen nutri sci class actually has 100 questions worth of homework this week.'
b'my fridays are 9 -5 strictly classes next semester... just like they are this semester wooooooo'
b"my friend had bad luck with both his wives. the first one left him, and the second one didn't."
b'my friend is so broke, all he says is " just leave me a loan ".'
b'my friends and i had a prayer circle after school for this algebra eoc tomorrow face with tears of joy face with tears of joy best of luck to everyone taking it face throwing a kiss'
b'my friends are always here for me when i need them.'
b'my friends are rich as hell and i am just like..'
b'my friends did not tell me i had a booger. real homies'
b'my friends wins are like my own. so proud of my inner circle. there is nothing better than seeing your loved ones dreams come true \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"my friend think he's smart. he said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. i threw a watermelon at his face."
b'my friend told me his girlfriend talks a lot in her sleep. apparently " i know " was not the correct response.'
b'my friend was upset that he lost out on a promotion at work to an attractive older woman. i told him not to cry over skilled milf.'
b"my fucking luck that it's raining, i do not have a coat, and am in the elevator as the fire alarm goes off"
b'my future husband is going to have the coolest wife lol you go dude'
b'my future soulmate is out there somewhere, pushing a pull door, i just know it.'
b'my future wife is watching this video rn thinking to herself " im glad im not marrying him "... im comin bitch face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my geometry teacher is gonna look at the test i just turned in like wtf is this bitch doing with her life'
b'my gf has an odd way of starting convos. she always begin by saying, " hey, are you even listening? "'
b'my gf said i need a reality check, and i agree. reality should send me a check. i deserve royalties for being this awesome.'
b'my girlfriend does this really cute thing where she does not exist.'
b'my girlfriend has this sick sexual fetish of trying to cuddle with me after sex.'
b'my girlfriend is not allowed to wear sunglasses. unless the lenses are out, i need to see who she looking at.'
b"my girlfriend is walking out on me because of my obsession with call of duty. it's ok, she wont get far. i put a claymore by the door."
b'my girlfriend just caught me blow drying my penis and asked what was i doing. apparently, " heating your dinner " was not the right answer'
b'my girlfriend : " justin bieber has 3 albums, a book, over 50 awards, 30 million fans, and he\'s only 18. what do you have? " me : " a penis...? "'
b'my girlfriend says we do not spend enough time together. so i moved the xbox into the kitchen.'
b'my girlfriend started complaining about my lack of interest in her family. so i fucked her sister.'
b'my girlfriend told me i should be more affectionate. so i got two girlfriends.'
b'my girlfriend told me she wanted me to surprise her with a gift that will take her breath away. i am thinking about getting her a treadmill.'
b'my girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so i came back drunk.'
b'my girlfriend wanted me to send her a d*ck pic so i sent her a picture of my hod'
b'my girlfriend wants to get married. i hope she finds someone nice.'
b'my girl just did a 360 dunk on me in nba2k. had to break up with her. no way she learned that on her own.'
b'my goal for 2014 is to accomplish the goals of 2013 which i should have done in 2012 because i promised them in 2011 and planned in 2010'
b'my goal for the day was to grade 10 lab reports but i actually only graded 5 lol good me'
b'my goal is that my future kids grow up saying " my parents are so in love it kinda makes me wanna puke "'
b"my goal is to be the \xe2\x80\x98we did not notice her in highschool but damn we should've ' girl"
b'my goal is to move just enough each day that no one pokes me to see if i am dead.'
b'my gold fish gets so happy when i take him out of the tank, he starts jumping.'
b'my gpa will not matter in heaven my gpa will not matter in heaven my gpa will not matter in heaven'
b'my grades are actually really good for someone who has the urge to drop out of school every 25 min'
b'my grades are dropping and my life is falling apart whats next'
b"my grades aren't that bad for someone who has the urge to drop out of school every 25 minutes"
b'my gramma real af for saying ive been working so hard and deserve the day off school tomorrow loudly crying face'
b'my grandma makes salad but no food.. like do i look like a rabbit tryna come home to some lettuce & shit? unamused face'
b'my greatest fear is sitting in front of thousands of people while my google search history is being read aloud.'
b'my group chat is talking about nascar'
b'my guy friends are so mean to me expressionless face'
b'my " ha " is fake. grinning face my " ha " is true. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes my " hahahaha " is so funny i nearly died. face with tears of joy'
b'my hair and this rain not a good mix'
b'my hair is 50 shades of fucked up from standing in the rain for that rally'
b'my hair is a mess from the rain sad'
b"my hair is at such an awkward length right now... it's not long... and it's not short... i want to cut it again but i want it longer."
b'my hair is clean and i shaved one leg. today is a classy day.'
b"my hair is gonna look so great tomorrow, if this rain let's me be great!"
b"my hair isn't naturally curly or straight.. it's like the awkward stage between curly and straight where i can not leave it natural"
b'my hair looks really good when its messy, why cant it always be wet'
b'my hair really poofy from the rain weary face'
b'my hair was straight when i left the house this morning.. lol'
b'my half hour nap some how turned into 12 and a half hours sleep lol shit'
b'my hand is really red and is covered in hives. :)))))'
b'my hand sanitizer exploded in my bag. my day is getting better smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"my hands are completely covered in hives bc of lisa's dog fml"
b'my headaches started because i went home with my bike, cycling in the rain and cold wind was blowing in my face face with head bandage'
b'my heads hurting that bad right now and i am that sick that the album is the last thing on my mind tbh... excited to hear it tomorrow though'
b'my heart goes out to the people of paris tonight. sending all of my love and hope that nobody else is hurt.'
b'my heart is broken into a million pieces because clinicals are over. i love those old people at the nursing home with all my heart. loudly crying face'
b'my highly anxious kids are in school, and the coffee is brewing, i have the food shopping to do, so about a 2/5 so far. yay.'
b'my high school girlfriend got " uses her kids as her facebook profile picture " fat.'
b'my hobbies include listening to the same album on repeat and being a bitter asshole'
b'my hobbies include staying up until 2 am for no reason and being exhausted the next day'
b'my hobbies include trying to close the elevator door before someone else gets on'
b'my hobbies : - switching between the same three apps for hours - imagining myself in situations that will literally never exist'
b'my home button is fucked up my lock button is fucked up yet but not least my screen is in a million pieces all thanks to asim bajric'
b'my homework brings all the asians to the yard, and they\'re like, " it wasn\'t that hard. "'
b'my house if full of bs first my sister makes fun of me because my blood work results then i get in trouble for her shit'
b'my huge volleyball bruises really accentuate my legs'
b"my husband has two days off from work... we're spending it in the the hospital"
b'my idea of a perfect date is to share a 100 pack of chicken nuggets together and complain about everything we hate.'
b'my instructors drawings are on point face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my kicks are most powerful when i am being tickled. so i guess being tickled is my greatest weakness and strength. anyways here's my resume."
b'my kinda guy is one who makes me giggle like a school girl and have wet panties like an incontinent grandma'
b'my kind of people laugh at offensive jokes because they understand that life is ridiculous but hilarious.'
b'my knee hurts, my legs are covered in hives, i have ten pounds of homework, have a sore throat and a pounding head ache smile'
b'my lab professor just went " good " when i walked into class'
b'my lab professor petty for giving us this quiz tomorrow unamused face i wanted to go home tonight!'
b'my lazy ass only shaved one leg. wow. k'
b'my legs are so sore. and i have sunburn on my scalp. band camp is getting off to a great start.'
b'my lesbian neighbors asked me what i wanted for my birthday. they gave me a rolex. i think they misunderstood when i said " i wanna watch. "'
b'myles goin dumb rn this is so cute'
b'my level of annoyance is at an all time high right now. thanks to this wonderful experience.'
b'my level of lazy is that i do not think house arrest would be all that bad.'
b'my level of sarcasm has gotten to the point where i do not even know if im kidding or not'
b'my life is a bunch of " it seemed like a good idea at the time " moments'
b'my life is a constant battle between my love of food and not wanting to get fat.'
b'my life is a constant inner dialogue of " why did i do that? "'
b'my life is a struggle between my need for acceptance, my fear of rejection, and a desire to not care at all.'
b'my life is just a big fat bag of awesome..'
b'my life is just a collection of poorly made decisions with alternative music playing in the background'
b'my life is like a romantic comedy except theres no romance and its just me laughing at my own jokes.'
b"my life isn't perfect, but i am thankful for everything i have."
b'my life is pretty much when you throw something on your bed and it bounces until it falls on the floor'
b'my life is'
b'my life just keeps getting significantly better and better.'
b'my life literally consist of 8 hours of school, about an hour of seeing garrett and 5 hours at work.. what a joy'
b'my life'
b'my life right now. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my literature teacher will write arguments against my point on my paper and it's so interesting to me"
b'my local grocery store uses four checkouts. unless its really busy then they use one.'
b'my logic :1. take a long time to write super professional emails to recommenders 2. send text saying " hey check your email " face with tears of joy'
b"my love always looks disgusted when i sneeze, in a disgusting way... that's how my dad sneezes, though."
b'my love language is being left alone.'
b'my lovely day at work face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'my luck is so bad that if i bought a cemetery people would stop dying.'
b'my lurking skills are a blessing and a curse like i will catch you out but i will also get my feelings hurt'
b'my main issue with life is that it feels simultaneously like everything is too much and nothing will ever be enough.'
b'my mama loud in here talking otp arguing with her coworkers about who makes the best tea! who cares. sthu'
b"my meat science lab is today. it's kill day in the meat science lab. awesome."
b'my memory is so bad... " " how bad is it? " "... how bad is what?'
b'my middle finger gets a boner when i think of you.'
b'my migraine flare ups always seem to start on a monday, such perfect timing'
b'my mind is like my bed. i do not make it up very often.'
b'my mind is telling me to get up and what not but my body is saying otherwise...'
b'my mind will stop'
b'my mom always says " alcohol is your enemy! " jesus says, " thou shalt love thy enemy. "'
b'my mom always tells me my style is weird and out of this world?\xc2\xbf? thanks...'
b'my mom always wonders where i get my attitude from... you homegirl, i get it from you'
b'my mom at night : " goodnight my love, sweet dreams. " in the morning : " wake the fuck up you little shit "'
b'my mom blame everything on my phone. you failing? cuz that phone. you tired? always on that phone. oh you hungry? cuz that damn phone! unamused face'
b"my mom calls me just to tell me to clean the house. she's so sweet."
b'my mom calls me selfish because i do not want to babysit... wait what?'
b'my mom canceled my netflix... thanks for nothing mom.'
b'my mom canceled spotify premium & when i asked why her exact words were " you dont deserve the happiness that comes from music " thanks mom'
b'my mom did not raise a fool. maybe a psycho but not a fool lmao'
b"my mom : *doesn't have a job* also her : *yells at me for taking a day off after working 3 weeks straight *"
b'my mom is literally so scared of waking me up even if i have a doctors app. and i am sleeping she will not wake me up face with tears of joy'
b"my mom is out at the club. and i am stuck babysitting 4 kids expressionless face they wont go to bed. ugh children are so annoying. it's 1:17am sleep god damn"
b'my mom is so supportive of the decisions i make smiling face with sunglasses " that\'s a goo one brudder face with tears of joy'
b'my mom : i think you should do your homework. me : well, i sometimes think i should do crystal meth but then i think mmm, better not.'
b'my mom just sent me a friend request on facebook! finally i can use that " i am not your friend i am your mother " speech to my advantage.'
b"my mom just texted me saying 'call me asap ' i think i'll stick to calling her'mom '"
b'my mom just threw the dish sponge at me face with medical mask ow that really hurt'
b'my mom likes to play this game called yell from four rooms away and get upset when i can not hear her'
b"my mom literally will not let me pay until driving classes until after christmas... great. i am glad i'll be 17 without a license"
b'my momma act like i am not important, but wait till she need me to babysit then she gunna wanna talk.'
b'my momma tryna get me a car for christmas.. without a license loudly crying face'
b"my mom said dinner was ready and i went into the kitchen and it wasn't even ready. i am sick of all these lies, its tearing our family apart."
b'my mom says i am not allowed to turn the air conditioning on now. today i will be roasting alive in my house.'
b'my mom says nothing good ever happens after dark... well the jokes on you ma (@historyatbutler ) because i just got a free jello mold pc'
b'my mom stays lurking on my shit she literally knows everything unamused face'
b'my mom thinks i will be able to work two jobs during dental hygiene school...'
b"my mom thinks wtf means wow that's fantastic... today i texted her : mom i got an a on my english test... my mom said : wtf see you at dinner."
b'my mom told me i have to wait at the school for her like until i can not stay at the school any longer grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'my mom : " what\'s wrong? " me : " idk, i am just fucked up.. " mom : " yeah, you are.. " ha thanks mom winking face'
b'my morning has started off great'
b'my morning routine includes 10 minutes of sitting on my bed and thinking about how tired i am'
b'my morning routine includes 20 minutes of staring at the ceiling thinking about how tired i am and debating if i really need to life today'
b'my mother always told me if you can `t say anything nice, don `t say anything at all... and some people wonder why i am so quiet around them.'
b'my mother said you should give the returned book refund to me in cash so i can give it to my father!'
b"my mother seriously needs to start buying new towels. i'd show you a picture, but the slit it literally down my ass"
b'my mother told me stay in the house do not worry about bitches that can not fight your sister be out of prison around summer time'
b'my mother took the liberty of using my laptop and proceeded to close out of my paper and only half of it saved angry face'
b'my mouth is so numb. i the dentist'
b'my mp. can you imagine how proud this makes me feel of him?'
b'my mythology prof expects us to read the entire textbook now and then reread the chapters as we actually cover the material.'
b'my name is wyatt and i listen to 5sos'
b'my names amanda and i thoroughly enjoying walking a mile to class in the rain.'
b'my nap was great! wow can i now go to sleep, and not toss and turn?'
b"my neighbor is outside watering her plants.. it's raining and they're already dead"
b'my neighbor\'s literally blasting aladdin\'s " a whole new world " song outside'
b'my neighbors upstairs are elephants that like to shuffle grinning face'
b'my neighbors upstairs might as well be elephants with how loudly they move around elephant'
b'my nephew asked me what marriage was like. so i gave him a candy bar and told him not to eat it.'
b'my new business cards say " if you\'re reading this, you pulled it out of a bucket and you owe me free food "'
b'my new favorite disappointment meme is wooshin'
b"my next door neighbor's battery went dead in his smart car today. i had to give him a jump start from my ipod."
b'my oatmeal exploded in the microwave. what a great start to my day!'
b'my office got a shredder, so now i have to buy a turtle costume to fight it on monday. work is hard.'
b'my opinion on life right now'
b'my parents are always so supportive of my choices. unamused face'
b"my parents aren't home you know what that means *sits in the living room instead of sealing myself away in my room *"
b"my parents aren't rich but they've always found a way to make sure i had anything i ever needed or wanted and for that i am forever grateful"
b'my parents love to watch shows with lots of old people nudity while i am eating maybe there trying to make me puke on them'
b'my parents raised me so well i am nothing like these girls on this generation \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x91\x91'
b'my parents say its their house, but when its time to clean it magically becomes my house too.'
b'my parents suck this weekend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"my parents told me 'you watch too much tv and should try reading more! ' so i turned on the subtitles."
b'*my parents when i was 8* " go to your room " *my parents now* " please come out of your room "'
b'my parking job is not a reflection of who i am as a person, i hope people remember that.'
b'my parking skills in my jeep are prime'
b'my past relationships are a lot like algebra, i look at the x and wonder y'
b'my pen just exploded all over me and it will not come off this is great'
b"my pet peeve is when someone ignores you like if we have a problem then let's address it"
b'my phone battery dropped from 20% to 10% in literally less than 10 seconds. \xf0\x9f\x93\xb1\xf0\x9f\x94\x8b'
b'my phone is basically just a clock sitting in my pocket because nobody contacts me.'
b'my phone is literally falling apart'
b'my phone is so blown up all the time.'
b'my phone just autocorrected " i am good " to " i am hood. " yes, phone that is also correct.'
b"my phone just changed, 'calendar ' to 'cake radar ' and now i really wish i had that."
b'my phone literally flew right out of my hands... i think i lost my virginity to this pic'
b'my phone seriously just shut off on me & tried telling me it was dead at 50%. very cool!'
b"my phone's in my hand almost every second of the day so if you think i am ignoring you i probably am"
b'my plan for thanksgiving break was to enjoy the week off not stress tf out & finish projects expressionless face'
b'my pop exploded everywhere wow im having a great day! smile'
b'my " pretend like i never met you " game is strong as fuck'
b'my problem is i can not stay mad. i always end up forgiving people, even when they do not deserve it.'
b'my problem is that i start depending on people for my happiness, and when they leave like they always do, they take my happiness with them.'
b'my professor really thinks i can sit in her 2 and a half hour class without pulling out my phone'
b'my professor used my last essay as a sample for further classes. apparently i did really well on it, good ~'
b'my registration time is at 3:20 so not even gonna try and get my hopes up about gettin all the classes i need lmao good smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my relationship is far from perfect but i wouldnt trade it for anything. \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'my relationship is like an ipad. i do not have an ipad.'
b"my relationship is so fun because we're best friends and completely in love with each other so everything's just perfect"
b"my relationship with my ex was very psychological she's psycho and i am logical."
b'my room internet connection music food - homework = perfect day!'
b"my room is not a mess. it's an obstacle course designed to keep me fit."
b'my roommate and i both had 8am classes today and we both skipped them because we both got maybe 2 hours of sleep smile good responsibility!'
b"my roommate must love me cause i am sitting here on twitter while she's doing my math homework"
b'my room : messy my thoughts : messy my hair : messy my life : messy consistency'
b"my savings bank is my sock drawer lol literally jus shove money in there everynight, one day that's gonna turn into my new car"
b'my schedule for the spring is beautiful. no classes on fridays'
b'my school is really safe'
b'my school uniform makes me look hot'
b'my screensaver is a screenshot of a bunch of spreadsheets so my boss does not notice when i have not moved my mouse in an hour.'
b'my shower = 24 mins4 mins = wash and rinse body20 mins = reflection and deep thoughts about the origin of life and the universe'
b'my shower is a teleportation machine, every time i want to get out it brings me to antarctica.'
b'my signature move is asking a co-worker wearing a suit on dress down fridays, " how did the job interview go? " in front of everyone.'
b'my sister may be just the smartest person i know'
b"my sister said she's gonna make her bf get her name tatted flushed face"
b'my sisters boyfriend really went all out for her birthday'
b'my sisters profile pic in my room wearing my clothes'
b'my sister yelled the last 5 minutes of greys because love story was playing so we had to keep going back and it was painful'
b"my sleep number is 24. that's a case of beer and i sleep like a baby."
b'my smiles are fake, but when you see a photo or video they are not.'
b'my son asked what he should say if a bully said to give him his lunch money. i said tell him you left it on his moms nightstand.'
b"my son can now reach the light switches so do not come over my house unless you're really into raves or want to have a seizure."
b'my son is 36 months old " bitch ur son is 3 frickin years old'
b'my son is so happy.'
b'my sophomore sister is at the one direction concert & im here in class.'
b'myspace is my ex husband, facebook is my baby daddy, twitter is my ho and i am in a serious relationship with instagram.'
b'my special power is reading about a disease and developing all the related symptoms within an hour.'
b'my starbucks lid smells like fish'
b"my stomach hurts i think it's bc i am upset but idk oh well"
b'my stomach is hurting a lot because i am so nervous and excited to hear the album, i really can not wait 4minutes more!'
b'my straightener broke... thank you based god'
b'mystrangedaze : i heart hash - or'
b'my stress stresses me out to the point where i am too stressed to deal with my stress'
b'if i have all the money in the world and can buy up cities my sweet spot and live out'
b'my syster is happy'
b'my tacky tourist outfit for tomorrow is gonna make you all smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my talents :being able to identify every one of the 5000songs on my phone by the first chord & eating more thn the rest of my family combined'
b'my talents include falling in love with people i cant have.'
b'my talents include stress eating and falling in love with people that will never love me back'
b'my taste in music ranges from " you need to listen to this " to " i know, please do not judge me. "'
b"my even though it's friday. i definitely enjoyed being a hollister model. lol"
b'my tech class has 13 people in it... 10 of them are freshmen.'
b'my texting has been on point lately... expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b'mythbusters is basically my childhood with a much larger explosives budget.'
b'my therapist told me my only homework was " to continue doing a fucking awesome job " and to " be me ". so i think i\'ve finally made it.'
b"my thick thighs and basic brown eyes will win over someone's heart one day"
b'my time management skills are on point kids.'
b'my top lip is going to swell up right before we go back to school ):'
b"my trifold for my history speech looks insane. when you head my speech you'll find out it's even crazier. can not wait for second period \xf0\x9f\x98\x89!"
b'my trust is so fucked up, like thanks ex. you really did a fucking number on me.'
b'my trust issues began when there was no donkey in donkey kong.'
b'my trust issues run so deep i do not even believe people are going to turn when they use turn signals anymore'
b'my tuesday, thursday f2 classes always see me at my best face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my tweet wasn't really about you. but if the shoe fits, then lace that bitch up and wear it."
b'my twitter timeline :ios7ios7ios7gta5 ios7ios7drakeios7ios7and some hoe talkin bout her pumpkin spice latte'
b'my two favourites went this weekend so x factor you can suck your mum! slag'
b'my two main moods are " i hate everyone " and " i want someone to love me "'
b'my upstairs neighbor must have called over a group of elephants to help him move around furniture this morning'
b"my upstairs neighbors aren't loud enough they only sound like 11 elephants instead of 12"
b'my upstairs neighbors have to be sumo wrestlers. no other explanation for it sounding like herd of elephants above me'
b"my upstairs neighbors must actually be elephants. that's the only logical explanation for all this loud stomping all day and night."
b'sure bri, i think he is saying the same about you.'
b'my voice is soo girly when i talk to strangers but when i \xc2\x92m with friends i turn into morgan freeman'
b'my voice sounds great when i am singing with my earphones on, then i take them off and i realize i sound like a dying walrus.'
b'my wallet is like an onion. when i open it, i cry.'
b'my wedding vows : i love you but i dont love you as much as i love dogs'
b'my weekend is going to suck disappointed face'
b'my weekend was awesome every little bit of it... even the laundry'
b'my week is basically : monday monday monday monday friday saturday pre -monday'
b'my whole back is covered in hives. lol at my life'
b'my whole body is covered in hives.. sweet'
b'my wife and i do it doggie style. i sit up and beg and she rolls over and plays dead.'
b"my wife keeps leaving magazines lying around with the jewelry ads circled. i got the hint. for valentine's day she's getting a magazine rack"
b'my wife said we should try some role reversal in bed last night so i said i had a headache.'
b'my will is just gonna say " do not write sh*t on my facebook wall when i am dead, it\'s weird. "'
b'my wish : to eat without getting fat.'
b'my work account (@marykatekeller ) is almost to 5,000 followers. must be my smashing personality. who cares about nudes!'
b'my worst classes are tomorrow... good unamused face'
b'awww you two say the nicest things to me honestly i am overawed by all your lovely comments truly humbled.'
b'nadia is so cool'
b'nagging to your nigga about bs gets you left alone... those type of people love drama \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'shit i am hoping they lose'
b'nah guys not going [w ] tonight, lab report in for 9:15'
b'nahh i did not wanna go. thanks though.'
b'nah i want her to represent me when i inevitably get caught up with the law'
b"if you love your book gimme a sec, you can get other classes that'll let you keep it"
b'na i do not wanna be down wit your team you circle or crew i got my own shit i built its or nothing i bossed up a min ago'
b"na. i just buy it from the resellers. what's a line? oh yeah the thing i waited for when i had next wit ya mammy"
b"'naks naks ' 'who's there ' face with tears of joy face with tears of joy again i'll attempt to sleep"
b'well right now im just alone in my apartment so thats fun ha'
b"do not enjoy tech what's so ever ha i am thinking about it but i am not 100% sure yet"
b'shout out to my sister for being so great " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy puta'
b"naps are tricky because you either wake up refreshed and relaxed or you have a headache, dry throat, and are unaware of what year you're in"
b"narcissist? let's just calm down with the big words and keep this conversation about me."
b"it's still raining in phoenix does that surprise you nascar called that race?"
b"so interesting. maybe if he did not suck we'd be talking about title hopes this weekend instead of cold pizza"
b'states on its radio channel that it will be going into " a hold " for this race. no surprise because it is still raining.'
b'i blame you for me not doing homework right now'
b'i love you so much bae, waiting for you next video smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes i cant wait'
b'is doing a and i am not sleeping loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'that awkward moment you do not have anything to video call with is the saddest moments'
b'you helped me through so much when i was down you help me get through it'
b'why do you only reply to people who are literally obsessed with you?'
b'love this pic. last nights class was great. so much fantastic work going on!'
b'i like your considerate use of the word " figurative " instead of " literally "'
b'that\'s a bet bro! we gotta make this like " the one " i am hoping it hit 10 milly'
b'excited to wake up and see how people will have seen this'
b"national stopped using eminem's lose yourself track in campaigning a couple weeks ago - - heard it used 2 mins ago newstalkzb"
b'good thanks clint! fucked up our race and top 10 in pts. what a crappy ending'
b'thanks for mine too btw!'
b'natto thank you love & safe 4th of enjoy! you nah almost talked to power you will never be a?'
b'pushing quackery on the of sick & they are dying as a result'
b'can not wait to see you gorgeous lady! are you ready to get sweaty at insanity!'
b'naughty day off with hubby... starts with a blowjob retweet if you would join in i would love 2 to suck on right now'
b"yeah... he's going to attempt to sleep on the plane as well. he has not slept very good the past few days either worry"
b"just now getting to watch last night's show (life of a busy mom ), but it's so far so great!"
b'and you lost your law license to insurance fraud, right. use a better green screen next time too.'
b'idk whats happening but people i love and trust told me you suck so stop that'
b'i am not sure why donald thinks his looks are appealing to any of those women.'
b"no more money for obama. where did the million for ebola go? use the money that wasn't used for ebola. do not blame congress."
b'standing behind a liar makes you as condemned as they are i would think about that as i voted... the truth is the truth...'
b'what ever happened to "we have to wait until the investigation is over before jumping to conclusions."nbc journalism is dead at nbc'
b'or a year older than you worry'
b'circa 2014. bryan was stripped of the title shortly after for using a forklift without a license lol'
b'nearly never made it winking face'
b'neat fact : the inside of a hot pocket is 3x hotter than the surface of the sun.'
b'she & ed think its free publicity - like they are going to get " jobs " cuz they\'re " newsworthy. "'
b'they just lost their cao, gotta cut them some slack, right? theyre usually so great about these things'
b'need a fag and a massive hug loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'need a fag and need to cut pensive face pensive face pensive face i need to stay strong though'
b'need a friend? text me. need a laugh? call me. need money?! this number is no longer in service'
b'need a local fag to bring me weed and breakfast every morning'
b'need money for college need college for job need job for money what who the fuck designed this system.'
b'need more people to talk to'
b'need something that makes me excited to wake up every morning'
b'need to stop losing sleep over this stuff'
b"not that i know of. the video was a hit... here's to hoping that one person will see it. she just needs one human angel!"
b'taking a day off from work to go see movie? i love star wars. but i can not think of taking an entire day off to go to movies'
b'i just finished showering i been cleaning and doing mias room since i got off work smh'
b'netflix basically has every movie, except for the ones i actually want to watch.'
b"netflix gives you 15 seconds between episodes to decide whether or not you're doing anything with your life today."
b'netflix is soooo much better than having to go out and pretend to like people.'
b'never apoligize for how you feel.. its like saying sorry for who you are'
b'never be afraid to be yourself. remember an original is worth more than a copy.'
b"never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made a victim. accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself."
b'never been so excited to wake up at 3 am!'
b'never do anything you do not want to explain to the paramedics'
b'do things with that are'
b'never doubted them for a second.'
b'never get jealous when you see your ex with someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate.'
b'never get on one knee for a girl who will not get on two for you.'
b'never give up everyone has bad days, pick yourself up and keep going'
b'never give up on your dreams keep sleeping'
b'never going to be healthy again thanks to the shitty weather we always have.'
b'never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge.'
b'never in my life have i seen a tombstone that read : died for not forwarding that text to 10 people.'
b'never in the history of unlimited data plans has someone gone through their significant others phone and gotten happier'
b"never like a boy you'll end up either hating them or hating yourself"
b'never losing sleep over you dumb bitches, i promise you face throwing a kiss'
b'never make an arm wrestle bet with a man who has been single for longer than 6 months.'
b"nevermind i've only shaved one leg i am trash"
b'never regret being loyal, cause when shit get real they gon wish you was around.'
b'never regret something that once made you happy.'
b'never seen a 17 year old with so much botox. kylie jenner is winning with lips that look like she had an allergic reaction.'
b'never talking to you is pretty great.'
b"never thought i'd see the day that bobby plays his first uil game. can not wait till he's in highschool crying face"
b'never thought i would look forward to a doctors appointment, can not wait to sort this dirt cough out'
b'never thought i would love my job so much that i would agree to an 11 hour shift.'
b'never treat someone like coca -cola when they treat you like pepsi.'
b"never trust a married guys opinion of who's hot. it's like asking a starving guy what food tastes good."
b"never trust anyone who can bite an ice cream without flinching that shit's not natural"
b"never trust someone who takes hours to text you back but when you're with them, they always have their phones in their hands."
b'never try to fake in worshipping our heavenly! lie to yourself seen you the pastor you are worshipping. god bless!'
b'new album on \xe2\x99\xac " let\'s live like you " by ggomagyun'
b'new drinking game : listen to holy grail and drink every time jay -z says " nigga. "'
b'new favorite term \xe2\x80\x94 " disappointment districts " \xe2\x80\x94 and quote \xe2\x80\x94 " someone decided to throw out the scale. "'
b'new fc barcelona third strip features two shades of yellow or'
b'new girl premiere.. perfect time for a fire drill right?'
b'new gym is opening up just down the street... and they have classes. such a motivation good'
b'new life goal : get a job where people ask me, " you actually get paid for doing this? "'
b'new post on my blog :'
b"new rule : unless you punched a shark in the face to dislodge that tooth, you're not allowed to wear it on a necklace."
b'new running club started in gosport on tuesday nights. let me know if interested'
b'newsflash ladies ; dumb is never cute'
b'new single coming out in 30mins!'
b'newt your such a bitter useless old man that you have to lie about hillary clinton to feel useful, your such a liar newt'
b"obama says he left the country better than he inherited it. i can tell over the violent responses to the people's choice"
b'possibly the worst defense of someone running for pres/cic ever'
b'me too! and yesterday was seriously hard work cycling home. today will be no better, plus rain'
b'can not wait to have a first lady with a vagina back in the white house!'
b'do not even have to read the whole article to realize that the only good porn is the ones with good looking women! the rest suck!'
b'next! jamie foxx ft. 2 chainz " party ain\'t a party " - tune in and tweet us or'
b'just caught this on watch tcm! this was a fun flick! the chemistry between jimmy cagney and joan blondell was perfect'
b"next person that rts that filth of a video with my cousin dry humping a stripper is getting blocked. cause it's disgusting"
b"next semester i do not have any classes on fridays. and on mondays and wednesdays my first class isn't until 2"
b'next semester is going to be so amazing because i have every class with kelsey loudly crying face i can not wait any longer'
b'next semester no classes on mondays, wednesdays or fridays face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b"next time a blocked number calls you answer like this : 'jim's whore house. you got the dough, we got the hoe. '"
b'next time i see you you\'ll be sorry " you saw me and the worst thing you did was unfriend me on facebook i am so hurt right now'
b'next time i start to develop a crush on someone please just punch me in the face instead'
b"next time someone asks you what you're up to just say your height"
b'next time you are sad remember you can make a cheeseburger with donuts as the bun. still sad? add sprinkles'
b'next time you see someone you do not like, begin conversation with " i see the assassins have failed. "'
b'next year i am gonna be the most hardworking student in school good (ceh )'
b'why do i feel like, i am rather useless instead of pleasing ppl?'
b"qb marquise williams, unc. made huge strides this year - would love to know why he's not being talked about"
b'nfl has some amazing people playing for them.'
b'wow you totally built up this shit game all afternoon! worst division in the league'
b'nfl players are such great role models \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'& gayle. this bitch needs her sexy clothes back please, its almost the weekend! you two suck at borrowing my things ha \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'niall looks so good im fucking wet get that cracker off my screen his voice holy shit im nothing'
b'niall looks so good sitting on that chair my pussy is wet'
b'i got into an argument today with a friend and she used the lyrics from history to apologize. love you guys heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'im actually hyped to arrange my books in my new shelf bc it looks like a high school locker good i just love school lol'
b'they are just doing this to irritate the whole fandom'
b'same, i know zero people and i am from dublin face with tears of joy awkward silence for a while is great craic altogether face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"nice. basically threatening me with a bill if there's a problem with the equipment when i've had problems since day one."
b'nice do not you just love missing the bus'
b'nice drive to rhyl tomorrow - excited'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dnt blow the surprise & i might not even get to sport it of its raining to hard'
b'nice hickey'
b'nice job sneaky cop unamused face'
b'nice little 3 and a half hour sleep before i head to the dam smirking face'
b'nice rainy weather on my day off this is love'
b"nice threatening email from you this morning, asking me to pay a bill you have not sent me. send me a bill and i'll pay it"
b'nice three and a half hour sleep but hey my intro is so bomb'
b'nice to know i have a true friend \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'nice to know i have people who support me'
b'nice to know that the god of injury is still on milan side'
b"nice to know that you'll always have my back unamused face"
b'nice to see bobby jindal not using a life-threatening storm as a platform to advance the gop cause.'
b'nice to see how you thank me back after putting everything on the line for you.'
b'nice to see i can voice my opinion though.'
b"nice try jehovah's witnesses but dressing up like cops and telling me you have a warrant is not going to get me to open my door."
b'yeah your a twitter stalker blasting out old tweets on my bad call but your looking worse with insults galore grow up'
b'drills in hard algebra during " my son\'s best friend ". new review!'
b"just those kind of arguments usually destroy everything we love about every game, ever. it's scares me."
b'nicki minaj being a judge on american idol is like taylor swift giving relationship advice.'
b'if im white am i allowed to use the word nigger? i dont understand why black people dont let us use it is a universal right'
b'hey thanks for the follow back.'
b'hahaha! easier to advice the kid on how to be carried away than to stop the media. wish you well!'
b'yeah face with tears of joy it was either credit or no credit lmfao not gonna lie i set you up for failure'
b'personally i am a fan of capital & kiss with all their excellent pop stuff to tap my feet too'
b'i know but im to the point where theres no point in arguing or telling her anything anymore i just wish her the best now'
b"wow that's a first i've ever heard. i did not even know that was an option. go you nicole"
b'niggas need to understand tht twitter tells you everything, so if you do not want to get caught... just do not do it \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xe2\x9c\x8c'
b"niggas swear you need 'em raised hand"
b"niggas will go to the end of the world for some sex. christopher columbus probably found america looking for some hoe's house."
b'night classes are my favorite'
b'night labs are the best'
b'nightmares are so awesome'
b'night shift and can not sleep'
b"there's nothing like a hearty breakfast to kick off the day! - thanks for the favourite smile"
b': so i was on tinder and this " acceptable'
b'i just want to personally thank you for all you have down on the vampire diaries and i think you should be behind the camera xoxo'
b"i've been really great. mostly been busy with school, but i graduate in may so that's cool."
b"where did you do clinicals? does it feel like second nature now? when's your graduation, i'd love to go smile"
b'fridays are ruined by 8am classes'
b'city living girl! your fave'
b'no alarm no school no munchkins good me'
b'no babysitter, so i missed paul thorn. i hope it was awesome! sad i kept myself busy by doing laundry and binge'
b'no better way to start my morning than with an 8am be...'
b'nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.'
b"nobody can make the yuletide gay. it's not a choice. that's how it was born."
b'nobody got me like i got me'
b'nobody is ever going to love me'
b'nobody is ever " too busy " if they\'re interested they\'ll make time.'
b'nobody knows how much i love the hgtv channel smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'nobody love getting up for school facts'
b"nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy."
b'nobody said life was going to be easy. nobody was wrong.'
b'nobody wanted to help me get my license and now that they see i still drive without them they all got something to say unamused face unamused face'
b'nobody wants a job, we all just want money.'
b'no camera? no ugliness no dog filters no selfies and it was considered a great invention.'
b'and yesterday evening she yelled at me while crying that i do not love her anymore bc i do not tell her anything'
b'no friday classes & this rain & netflix & my pjs & my life is all great'
b"no girlfriend should ever feel like she's in a competition with another girl."
b"no girl wants to be with a guy that can not let other girls know he's taken."
b'no guy is single! you either snatch him from someone or share him with someone. me'
b'no, i did not fall. the floor looked depressed, so i gave it a hug.'
b'no i love being talked down to. please keep going.'
b"no it's okay i like being the back up"
b"no it's ok i sent you a snapchat for you to purposely ignore obv..."
b'no i will not make the first move i will not move at all carry me'
b'no liv. i wanna listen to carrie but not the sad love song side of carrie. i am trying to drive not fall asleep.'
b'no looking forward to sleeping in this lorry the night'
b'i bet your lil bf would like that. lol'
b'no malice in this tweet but im bored of teams coming to boro & doing nothing like qpr just did. time wasting from the off.'
b'no matter how " busy " a person\'s day may be. if they really care, they\'ll always find time for you.'
b'no matter how funny you are, if i do not like you, i will not laugh.'
b'no matter how groovy you are on facebook there is always someone annoying who requests you to play candy crush! heavy black heart'
b'no matter how hard i try, i just never seem to run out of bad ideas.'
b"no matter how loud you crank the bass, it's still a minivan."
b"no matter how old i get, i am still gonna mentally sing the abc's to see which letter comes next."
b'no matter the situation i am not losing sleep or focus! i gotta get it smiling face with horns'
b'no matter what, the biggest regret in your life will always be cutting your hair.'
b'no matter what you do, you have not truly made it until a government helicopter lands on your lawn and they need your expertise immediately.'
b'no means no except if you are offering me food and i say no then i actually mean yes but i say no bc im trying to be polite'
b'no medicine, you are not " grape flavored ". have you ever tasted a grape? you taste like death and the tears of small children, not grape.'
b"no mom, you're mad because you're wrong, not because i am talking back."
b'no money in the bank, but alas my car has fuel. all is well!'
b'no motivation to study no motivation to talk no motivation to move no motivation to breathe no motivation to live no motivation to any thing'
b'no my roommate play out of tune zeppelin songs right outside my door isnt annoying. not at all'
b"no. my status is from a song. it's not about you. get over yourself."
b'no need to drive me crazy. i can walk from here.'
b"none of my coworkers get why i have fishbowl with no fish. it's because fish can not survive in my secret reservoir of vodka."
b'no offense but if 1 of ur friends is excited about something & you make them feel stupid 4 being excited about it ur the worst type of person'
b"no offense but i suck at responding to most messages so please do not think it's you. it's def me."
b'no offense but purposefully negative people are boring and draining as hell and not nearly as interesting as they think they are'
b'no offense but why do i feel like everyone hates me'
b'no offense " means " i am about to insult you, but do not get mad.'
b"no one believes me when i say this but i can literally taste the difference between tap water and bottled water stop saying they're the same"
b'no one cares if you do not like short hair on girls shut the fuck up'
b'no one saw me wear it therefore it is not dirty'
b'no one thinks the screenshot of your text messages are as funny as you do. no one.'
b'no one told me sam smith covered amy winehouse\'s " love is a losing game "... y\'all are and i am going to go cry myself to sleep now'
b"no one understand how aggravating it is for me to come home to no food and then be hit with that it's too late to go out to eat."
b'no one will ever care like i did, i promise you that.'
b"no phone all day until now & no texts from him... yeaaaahhh, isn't this just a great day!"
b"no point in arguing with somebody that thinks yeezus is kanye's best work. they're already a lost cause"
b'no really. i can sleep quite well while i am upset.'
b'no relationship is perfect so just find the right one to go through heaven and hell with'
b'no replies are fine ignoring me is fine treating me like i dont matter is fine but it better be fine when i stop giving a fuck'
b"normal life ] ive worn the same shirt everyday for a week [packing for vacation hmmm. i'll prob change a few times a day so thats 32 shirts"
b'normally i would be only just waking up at this time but noooo my dad has a doctors appointment so i am dragged out here at the crack of dawn'
b'normal people : i love it when my boyfriend/girlfriend tells me he/she loves me. me : i love it when my microwave tells me my food is ready'
b'no school for me today good'
b'no she wants me to move the furniture every night.'
b"no. sitting in a full waiting room, wearing a three sizes too big hospital gown isn't the worst thing to happen to me today."
b'no sleep tonight, loving the homework life unamused face'
b'not able to do nothing without my license.'
b'not a clue what i want to do after school! any suggestions anyone?'
b'not a day goes by that i am not covered in hives at least once'
b'not a great time to get sick -_- fml'
b'not all goodbyes are bad. for example : goodbye class'
b"not all of us who enjoy are complete 24/7, pose and wear a tie dyed t-shirts. just sayin '"
b'not allowed to go to work today... awesome'
b'all scientists in the world can give a body -life (soul ) like the perfection in which our creator gives.. " dr laurence.'
b'we dont tolerate bitchness "'
b'been rude or disrespectful'
b'not being able to breathe from allergies and then walking from the bottom to top a campus is always fun.'
b'not being able to breathe is amazing!'
b'not being able to drink this weekend at my cousins partners party is gonna suck balls.'
b'being able to get ios8 because i still have an iphone 4'
b'not being able to sleep is literally the worst thing ever'
b'not bothered. face with tears of joy'
b"it's a really great episode. the love and respect they have for one another makes it rain on my face."
b'not downloading the ios 8 update literally takes up all my memory'
b'not enjoying running, slow and awkward, but not running makes it worse to get back any better. good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"*note* - the christmas party diet involves fasting in advance of christmas. it's like the bikini diet on crack."
b'note to people upstairs : stop being elephants \xf0\x9f\x90\x98\xf0\x9f\x90\x98'
b'note to self : wearing headphones do not make my farts silent.'
b'not even 5 and phillips past out drunk. thank you baldwin pd for getting him drunk for your training. unamused face'
b'not even complaining that i over slept bc i got a half hour of extra sleep'
b'not even excited abt thanksgiving break bc i have to wake up at 4 & not kill the kids i babysit'
b'not even mad i dropped preordering the iphone 6 to have it friday morning at 9 am... hard last week in iphone 4 gang'
b'everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere.'
b'not everyone has the chance to find and fall in love with their best friend. if you are, do not ever let them go.'
b'everyone who woked up today,, is still alive sad \xf3\xbe\x8d\x80 sad but true... if you are reading'
b'not exactly excited to wake up at 4 am saturday.'
b'not excited to wake up at 3, but i am excited to see which apartment i am being moved too smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'no texts no calls, nothing. but i am still here thinking about you like crazy.'
b'feeling good in science good'
b'not forwarding all those chain text back when i was 12 is the reason'
b'not going to any games tonight. just gonna stay home & be bored.'
b'not going to trip ima enjoy life no matter what because god got plans for me'
b'not gonna lie if we date jus know im gonna have hella off guard pictures of you in my camera roll'
b"not gonna lie it's pretty great doing nothing with my days but i am over being broke"
b'not gonna lie, more than half of money goes to food'
b'not gonna think about it, just enjoy it'
b"not great thinking tesco - store under fire after dumping '\xc2\xa34,000 worth ' of unsold bikes"
b'no thanks " : be a bxtch having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations "'
b'have this feeling in 5 years now. i think it feels so good when you see your team play on every other tuesday or wednesday night.'
b"not having classes on fridays second semester is the best decision i've ever made"
b'not having friday classes is so much love weary face'
b'not having to work overtime tonight would just be completely awesome'
b'nothing annoys me more than when people ignore me without telling me what i did wrong'
b"nothing annoys me more than when people rerack the weights wrong! it's that hard."
b'nothing a smile can not fix. not even tissues?'
b'nothing as refreshing as cycling in the rain.'
b'nothing beats a good wet shave with a straight edge or a double edge razor. it is like getting a facial.'
b'nothing beats the feeling of being dropped'
b'nothing beats the feeling of walking in damp boxers all day at school'
b'nothing beats waiting for a late bus in heavy pollution'
b'nothing better than 9 hour car rides...'
b'nothing better than having to massively reorganize my calendar while on the road'
b'nothing better then being stuck in traffic on my way to work'
b'nothing better then having mimi super pissed'
b'nothing boosts ur self esteem more than knowing that a baby has more money in her beats by dre than you do period.'
b'nothing can destroy your good opinion of a company quicker than working for them.'
b'nothing captures her attention more than a lizard on the ceiling'
b'nothing feels more deflating than when a dog shows zero interest in you.'
b'nothing great was ever achieved by doing nothing great.'
b'nothing i love more than being up early in the morning smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'nothing i love more than missing the bus'
b'nothing i love more than waking up to stomach pains at 4 and not getting back to sleep'
b'nothing in this world feels great than dumping a nigger before he has even tapped.'
b'nothing is impossible. i know a guy who once guessed correctly why a woman was mad at him. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'i'm possible '! unless you wanna slam a revolving door, then that's not going to happen."
b'nothing is more disturbing than sitting on a warm toilet seat.'
b'nothing i straightened it but idk if to curl it with the curling iron'
b'nothing like a cookie for dinner'
b"nothing like a couple who's foundation is christ alone."
b'nothing like a disney breakfast!'
b"nothing like a facial tattoo to make me feel better about the choices i've made."
b'nothing like a first choice cafe to start off my day smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'nothing like a good dogfight to get the blood pumping'
b'nothing like a good english class first thing in the morning...'
b'nothing like a good power outage to wake you up in the middle of the night.'
b'nothing like a good text book read before bed -___ -'
b'nothing like a gorilla dance party to really get the crowd going " -'
b'nothing like a great train following you down the aisle by carolina herrera'
b'nothing like a man in a nice fitted suit weary face'
b'nothing like an african woman baby angel'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nothing like an alves press conference. man is brilliant'
b"nothing like a quick game of while you're waiting for your leftovers to heat up in the microwave."
b'nothing like a relaxing morning walk with a toddler.'
b'nothing like a solid win for a home opener. excited for the season ahead.'
b'nothing like a string rendition of " thunderstruck " to get me pumped up on a monday morning.'
b'nothing like a two hour traffic jam to get your night going'
b'nothing like beef stew and dumplings for lunch on such a cold day!'
b'nothing like being around ppl that care about you & that you care about i swear!'
b'nothing like being hungry and not knowing what you want'
b'nothing like being in class two hours and having two hours to go!'
b'nothing like being judged and talked about from a person that never ever met you. life!'
b'nothing like being reassured that you meant nothing to someone'
b'nothing like being thrown up on first thing in the morning'
b'nothing like being woken up by your po and getting your room thrashed to start off my friday \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'nothing like boozing with the boss'
b'nothing like bumpin some john'
b'nothing like coffee to keep you rolling on a cold day... shoot, i am becoming like my parents'
b'nothing like coming home from work to find out your lil guy is sick worry'
b'nothing like cotton candy for breakfast'
b'nothing like crawling out of bed at 3:30'
b'nothing like creepy guys to make you feel like the hottest chick at 6:00 am.'
b'nothing like crying myself to sleep.'
b'nothing like cuddling up for sleep with my kindle and my sweet puppy. smile smile'
b'nothing like doing work before going to work. smh shitty fucking day and left me in a bitchy ass mood.'
b'nothing like ending your day with a relaxing night'
b'nothing like finding a shitty problem that needs to be solved first thing on monday, late friday afternoon.'
b'nothing like getting a police escort for the ball game smiling face with sunglasses'
b'nothing like getting stuck babysitting! you get to watch the disney channel all day!'
b'nothing like going to the source for yeast. and getting a fresh wlp530 in a purepitch.'
b'nothing like having a dream that attended your holiday work party. so john, will you being really joining?'
b'nothing like having to change your tire, first thing on a brisk cold morning but no stress or worrying allowed. i'
b'nothing like having your entire body in pain before band.'
b'nothing like heartache to once again make you feel alive.'
b'nothing like ice cream for lunch'
b'nothing like laying in bed cuddled up after a long day with my love'
b'nothing like listening to in the morning and drinking coffee to wake me up'
b'nothing like listening to music, doing homework and studying is just the best smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'nothing like long bus rides to listen to pity sex'
b'nothing like looking up tabletop rpg stuff to be reminded how the " nice and friendly " forums drove out the poc and kept unabashed racists.'
b'nothing like not realizing how late it is when you finish studying'
b'nothing like pretending you were in a toxic relationship and being melodramatic to help wash away your real life probz. thx'
b'nothing like resurrected please. the family members are confused because of the agony, as to invite someone to resurrect him.'
b'nothing like rolling thru white ass lyndhurst blasting straight outta compton with the windows down'
b'nothing like seeing black women with black men. i only want my people to love each other and no one else.'
b"nothing like shooting 200 + pics before realizing they're jpeg and not raw to really start this day off great."
b'nothing like smashing your finger between a bowling ball and the key pad for the tv'
b'nothing like some acdc on the way to work to get me in the mindset to teach kindergarten'
b'nothing like some free monday am tunes from the foo fighters - saint cecilia ep'
b'nothing like spending at the vet because your dog has allergies.'
b"nothing like starting a monday by walking to class in 20 degree weather to find out it's cancelled... at least send an e-mail"
b'nothing like starting your monday morning with a 4 hour test... loudly crying face'
b'nothing like starting your morning out by cracking your phone screen smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'nothing like taking a dump and not spraying so when my co-workers use the bathroom next they get to enjoy my present'
b'nothing like taquilla and some sad spanish songs to take the pain away.'
b'nothing like the first snowy run of the season to remind me which muscles have not been used since april'
b'nothing like the holidays to get your mind body and soul back into things and inspired again. family &friends raised fist'
b'nothing like them other bitches'
b"nothing like the rain, nothing like the rain when you're in outer space, when you're in outer space"
b'nothing like the smell of browning ground beef at 645 in the morning.'
b'nothing like two grown ass men scared of a giant earth worm face with tears of joy'
b'nothing like waiting at a store for an hour before it opens jammin to maroon 5 with coworkers'
b"nothing like waking up at 7 for a good ol ' doctors appointment."
b'nothing like waking up next to the one you love'
b"nothing like waking up to a break up text. i'll never be good enough. crying face"
b'nothing like waking up unexpectedly at 4:30 & then not being able to fall back asleep because one of the smoke detector batteries is dying.'
b'nothing like watching a bumper crop being harvested just out of geraldton.'
b'nothing like watching a jamie oliver to get me inspired'
b'nothing like watching couples grow fat together on facebook'
b'nothing makes me more mad when i need to sneeze and can not because i love sneezing like why'
b'nothing more fun then getting a blood test and the 1st pathologist is unable to get any blood disappointed face thank goodness 2nd one was able to smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.'
b"nothing ruins a great night's sleep like waking up in the morning."
b'nothing says awkward like coming in your pants while dry humping. - jay mclean'
b'nothing says " good morning " like hearing a sick patient throwing up. face with medical mask'
b'nothing says " i love you and wanna sex you up after football " like a woman in the kitchen fixing ya favorite football food.'
b'nothing says " i love you " more than 4. 44am cat puke on the bed'
b'nothing says regret like the email address you made as a kid'
b'nothing says you are ugly like facebook asking " are you sure you want to make this your profile picture? "'
b'nothing screams " i am in the friend zone " than chilling with a bitch while she on her period.'
b"nothing's sexier than a girl who will make the first move every now and then."
b'nothing tests the love of your dogs more than coming home at 0100 in the morning & finding cold dog puke over the bed face with medical mask'
b'nothing wakes me up better than chemical reaction rates and nuclear chemistry. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"i'll just talk to twitter bc these ppl actually like me"
b"in lord's name - bangalore mirror"
b'not interested to fall in love again for this time i want enjoy with my life'
b"not jealous at all that all these ppl are posting how much fun they're having at college while im still stuck in high school"
b'not knowing what to text back, but not wanting the conversation to end.'
b"not leaving manchester until i've found something nice to wear.. i will look like a lady"
b'long ago i threw my favorite people, i still love favorite'
b'not long til we finish yay... tired after late working day yesterday'
b'looking forward to loudly crying face'
b'not many people actually get caught for trafficking in south africa, but two policemen there want to change it.'
b'kids know just what to say to comfort you'
b'o this past weekend was good smile'
b'perfect free is da best way to be man bob cnt blaze ths go round'
b'playing around more'
b"not real excited to go to bed... when i wake up in the morning i'll no longer be in my 20s loudly crying face weary face"
b'not really clear on why more people do not make fun of me for being such a weird fucking body. nothing i wear looks quiiiiiite right'
b'really familiar with tweeting,, just would love for my son to meet or see chris brown'
b'really gud knwing you sharin ur man hey i wil beat the heck out of you'
b"not really lmaoo it's actually fun & you could express your feelings here smiling face with halo"
b'really *runs off to play ps3 *'
b'not really the going out, party type person but cowboys was sooooo fun last night.'
b'real sure about morton starting tomorrow night i am a big do not mess with the chemistry thing i will be rooting him on though'
b'not remembering where i set my drink down must be the same feeling parents have when they lose their four year old at the mall.'
b'school today... thank you god!. xx'
b'not speaking is definitely what i had planned today.'
b'speaking to you unless you following'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy " we are dressing the same for halloween.'
b'not sure if i hate or love that were doing the same exact thing in geometry that we are in algebra'
b"not sure if i'll be able to top that holiday, so unbelievably amazing. ecstatic to be back home."
b'not sure if i am sexy and i know it or i am ugly and i ignore it'
b'not sure if my house is creaking for its own personal house reason or i am about to be murdered.'
b'not telling me something because you " did not want to piss me off " is probably the best way to piss me off'
b'i love how all you think i do is study face with tears of joy can not help that i am passing my classes smiling face with sunglasses'
b'not that it was ever great but? miss when i could sleep at 2am'
b'not ticking much off that list sat wading through my emails.. however i might just win tickets to a gig on my birthday'
b'not to alarm anybody but dami im is performing at chadstone at 6:45 and i am so so so keen'
b'not to brag but when i push it, i push it real good.'
b"not to brag or anything, but like 98% of the orgasms i've had in my life have been handmade."
b'not to put any pressure on you two, but i am really not gonna be happy if you two broke up lol and'
b'not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action then a white crayon.'
b'not wearing makeup feels incredible, until you open your phone and the front camera is on.'
b'not your fault tim. i blocked him as well after i was stupid enough to fall for it! he wants money from us!'
b'sorry sorry face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'november is like the thursday of the year'
b'now a 45 minute private. my day just got so much better smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'nowadays " cool " means " i really do not care " " sick " means " awesome " and " i love you " does not mean anything.'
b'nowadays you gotta hide the toothpaste so your wife will not go out and talk to other dudes.'
b"nowadays you say a compliment and you're considered a stalker. btw nice ass"
b'now for a day at trethorne with a 6 and 2 year old, fun.'
b'now i can be the last of all my straight and gay friends to get married!'
b'now i can not go back to sleep, and on top of that i was up till 3 thank you again wku. your the real mvp'
b'now i have to study for my sociology test tomorrow... ha fun.'
b'now i have to try and focus in class'
b'now i have to wait till she gets off work disappointed but relieved face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'now i am off to my wonderful job till 9:45'
b'now i am on a goddamn wait list for a cmp class that was empty at the time i was supposed to register.'
b'now laughing at myself for saying i could memorize 300 bones and take the test early.'
b'now my throat is scratchy and in covered in hives and i do not have an epi pen weary face weary face weary face'
b'no work till monday... awesome'
b'now playing : kill em with kindness by listen live at'
b'now that i am done killing myself in chem lab i get to kill myself in bio lab next semester good'
b"now that i've wasted my one day off this week with video games and food, one day off to six days working isn't enough ;_ ;"
b"now that's a great way to cap of the night"
b"now they're blasting yeah yeah yeah"
b'now to stay up or sleep for another half hour'
b'now we go to the shootout. " did you enjoy your test drive in the ferrari? great! here\'s the keys to your ford escort. "'
b'now what about the others? face with tears of joy'
b'now why would you snapchat me that photo if ur gonna put it in your story'
b"no yeah spill soda on my bed kids, that's okay with me unamused face"
b'no, you can not wait to completely miss the point and remain ignorant of history.'
b'no, you do not have " haters ". people just do not like you. get over yourself.'
b"let's change the weather by a world tax and after scientists/insiders get there share, we redistribute the wealth to poor"
b'*nudges husband awake at 4 am* me : do you like me him : i married you me : yes but did you marry me as a friend, or like, a wife? unclear'
b'yeah but i get actual points for reading & summarizing a couple of chapters in ht lie.'
b"mrs may, as a very capable leader please take care of the leadership position you will get today when the 'opposition' dies!"
b'nursing school has sucked all of the joy out of my life and destroyed my soul. good college.'
b"i put a pulse ox and an nclex book on my mom's amazon for my christmas list"
b"it's not like i had to shut my door or anything..."
b'nvm nvm. lemme attempt to go back to sleep'
b'nyancu : my parents bought me a new bed! good ^_ ^. korilakkuma is sitting there awkward until i can get'
b"nyquil gives me the most f 'ed up dreams"
b'but is there a way to see his tax returns...'
b'destroyed the country and pretends to be victim! do not let the door hit you on the way out.'
b'how well i know as a former teacher and do teachers have a say in this? no.'
b'i hope this is true. if the candidate i support is in debt (like the rest of us ) it gives me even more reason to vote for him.'
b'i am sure the rioters are on their way to riot for justice for this guy and his grieving family.'
b"when you lost your fighting edge then it's time to lie like a trump"
b'propaganda on demand is what the western world already have when it switch on the tv'
b'really? then tell him to take his tattooed body to euro and be a backup qb there for a wfl team. what a dork!'
b'rip nyt. if nothing else comes out of this election, at least we all know where not to find facts.'
b'are you out of the trump bashing so y have 2 bring up old news. i have an idea, y do not you act like true reporters not biased ones'
b'that explains the leftist tendencies of europe and brain damage'
b'thats like giving the key to a bank to a bank robber unreal'
b'there run by democrat teachers union who care nothing about children'
b"they bit off more than they can chew it's called bad management"
b"we points papers to write about failing you have not been to a new song and the first place swears he's class college is losing hard"
b'what is the problem? i for one see a better simpler time... i wish i was born back then'
b'why would any woman w self esteem support that moron'
b'guys you are funny'
b'i wet myself at primary school waiting for a teacher to let me go to the bathroom.'
b'obsessed, depressed at the same time.'
b'obtuse... i flunked geometry " i fucking love hairspray'
b'obvi getting things done'
b'dude mrs miles the best algebra 2 teacher ever'
b': when boys dm you and are constantly asking for pics unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face " ugh i feel ya face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i never go out anymore, this used to be good when smith's bar & still looks classy/dark"
b'can you take me out of class one day? add me on the snap: mike7meekhof'
b'oc shit pretty fun but i just wish there werent so many fags over there'
b': if you\'re not on my snapchat you\'re missing out. "'
b'o everyone who fucked me over thanks cause you all turned out to be really fucking trash but thanks for the favor kissing face with closed eyes'
b'of course, i absolutely love being wide awake knowing i have school in less than 6 hours'
b'of course i can keep a secret. its the people i tell it to who cant'
b'of course i have the earliest appointment at the dmv and the computers crashed last night'
b"of course i am scheduled the hours we're gonna be busy the most lovely i am gonna have a great weekend sad"
b'of course liverpool would win it with a penalty!'
b'of course morning sex is better. you have not spent the day annoying the crap out of each other yet.'
b'ofcourse the books i need for class would be sold out'
b"of course the fire alarm would go off as the lecture is about to start and it's raining outside face with cold sweat"
b'of course the night i actually get things done in time to get 6 hours of sleep, i am not tired and can not fall asleep.'
b'of course women have cleaner minds than men. they change them so damn often.'
b'officially registered for spring classes with no classes on fridays smiling face with sunglasses'
b'there is a lot of great talent this year love it'
b'i am hoping to buy a harness before the end of the month face savouring delicious food not brought nothing like that before but really want one'
b'off to bed. mom said i can not skip math classes anymore just because i want to come home and sleep'
b'off to dc for the amp -t2d meeting - 8 am shuttle from boston. nothing like waking up before dawn'
b'off to graft, i love 2 till 10 me'
b'off to school i go... good'
b'off to soccer practice, could hell week be any more fun'
b'off to the anesthesiologist for more injections into my back. fun fun'
b'off to the dentist so i am missing a bit of school good'
b'off to try to sleep. 5 am wake up to hit the road. can not wait for saturday smile hoping for strong'
b'off work. time to go far for light armor on destiny so i can do the raid. hope my luck of the drops does me well today'
b'oh " actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you would not care how i feel anyway, lol yeah'
b'oh and the ex texted me today... that was fun'
b'oh and good work directly after all my classes'
b'oh a spider. you are tiny. i am a great big person. i am a grown up. i can handle this. you are tiny. i am a great big pe - omg it moved!'
b'oh boy, i can not wait to enjoy this latest (4th?) republican debate *cough* lie *cough*'
b'oh boy i am so excited for school 2day'
b'oh chrome, you so special when testing with selenium.'
b'oh damn, no more jersey shore.'
b': " ) oheeeem! " : can not wait to be with the bestfriends "'
b'oh elephants moved in upstairs'
b'oh em gee maybe i should change my header now'
b'oh em gee good i have an 8am lab again'
b'oh! flava flaves on! there he is with his clock! " -mom paying attention to me while we talk on the phone'
b'oh great, another shooting, thank you for these to protect ourselves'
b'oh great cthulhu please keep ignoring me & the human race & please please please stat asleep but if you do wake up eat me first pray'
b"oh great! it's only going to take an hour to restore my phone. good thing i do not have class in 30 minutes... right?"
b'oh great. my head exploded again'
b"oh great, one and half hour's sleep for a full working day and then travelling up north. how fun."
b"oh, headache how i've missed you"
b'oh hey allergies. nice to see you.'
b"oh hey it's raining in greenville. what a huge surprise!?"
b'oh hey, let me talk to another dentist about our kids field trips while i poke the shit outta your mouth! " i love the dentist.'
b'oh hey my favorite song'
b'ohhhh boo my heart is breaking bc i am losing followers face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"ohhhhh man today's gonna be awesome"
b'ohhhhh what a way to start my wednesday morning...'
b'ohhh how i love work'
b'ohhh your what a senior and your fighting with a sophomore? man bet you feel like a bad ass! i know i would!'
b"oh how i 3 rtn's"
b'oh how i enjoy waking up to my nose bleeding...'
b'oh how i just love being the only girl in the class!'
b'oh how i love being a klutz worry'
b'oh how i love being wide awake at 4:30am pouting face'
b'oh how i love getting home from work at 3am and my house being dirty'
b'oh how i love getting lost in bridgeport smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh how i love getting up at 4 for clinicals weary face'
b'oh how i love playing phone tag'
b'oh how i love the sound of screaming babies in the morning... afternoon and evening'
b'oh how i love those jerks out there!'
b'oh how i love walking home in pouring rain.'
b'oh how i missed proofs.'
b"oh how i've missed being back in school with nice people"
b"oh how i've missed buses"
b'ohh the people who get to quit their jobs when they go back to school.. what a tough life'
b"ohh you've been in a relationship for 2 weeks? now i understand how you're in love. silly me."
b'oh i can not get ios 8 on my 4? cool'
b'oh i can not lie baby yeah you fine'
b'oh, i did not tell you? must have been none of your business.'
b'oh i have a great idea how about i get into a relationship with someone while i am trying to work things out with my ex lol'
b'oh i just love it when people come to work sick. i can not wait to get bronchitis too.'
b'oh i just love thumb/nerve damage/slight carpal tunnel when i have to weite all day and then write some more to do homework...'
b'oh i love foggy mornings'
b'oh i love people from joplin!'
b'oh i am glad my insurance company really supports their members pouting face'
b'oh i am so glad my sister hates me'
b'oh, i am sorry. i did not realize you were an expert on my life and how i should live it. lease continue while i take notes.'
b"oh i am so tired it's midnight and i just finished all my homework i am gonna be exhausted tomorrow goodnight i love troye"
b'oh i offended you with my opinion? you should hear the ones i keep to myself.'
b'i jokingly told my mom that i crossed the road careless hoping to get hit with a car for money and she gave me a lecture weary face'
b"oh it's raining in england. what a fucking surprise"
b'oh i would love to go to the hall meeting instead of watching not a problem at all. so glad we have an active hall council'
b"oh jesus, of course any intervention could lead to full combat. let's cash the president... that's helpful"
b"oh looking forward to finding out about how much schoolwork i've missed from the last week"
b'ohman class picture day next tuesday this should be fun'
b'oh man didnt see that coming'
b"oh man it's gunna feel so good in my car nice and cozy black leather seats! grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'oh man, i wish i was as big of a suck up like youuuu'
b"oh monday. you've treated me well."
b'oh my favorite time of year is coming around again...'
b'ohmygod are you kidding me... this day just keeps getting better and better..'
b"oh my god has anyone realised that knocking on people's doors is basically punching their house until they let you in"
b'oh my god is so much fun. was getting burnt out playing smite, this game is actually the goat'
b'oh my god, you are so damn cool!'
b'oh my gosh i miss high school so much loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'oh my gosh! my heart just exploded in tiny pieces. this is great and great on the eyes'
b'oh my gosh youre friends with older people thats so sick everyone wants to hear about it'
b'oh my he looks so excited my brain is hurting'
b"oh my! i can not wait for the social media discussion that's about to begin about what are the worst uniforms in nfl history."
b'oh my i didnt know promises were meant to be kept -. -'
b'oh my... jersey shore is on its last season... i think i need a tissue lol'
b'oh my word! that did not just happen! great someone is having right good laugh surely'
b"oh no, it's okay. i would love to just sit around waiting in financial aid all day because its not like i have anything else to do"
b'oh no new texts? what a surprise!'
b'oh noo, i can not drink anymore for the day. no more drinks please!'
b'oh now i am coughing up blood. bronchitis is so fun smile'
b"oh now she's not a racist. bitch glad you dead."
b'oh no you hurt my feelings face with tears of joy'
b'oh ok " actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i will not tell you because you would not care how i feel anyway.'
b'oh ok lol well injections are fun to give depending how old the person is or if they are scared of needles'
b"oh ok so i bought wifi and my netflix still will not work with it that's cool"
b'oh please stalk me, crazy ass'
b"oh seminars... how i've missed you \xf0\x9f\x93\x9d\xf0\x9f\x93\x9c"
b'oh she tweeted... yeah yeah she must be the icon for feminism now.'
b'oh sick thanks for the unfollow'
b'oh, so you can tweet but you can not reply to my text message.'
b"oh, so you're a model? that toilet in the background of all your pictures looks fabulous."
b'oh = stop talking to me. k = i am done talking. whatever = fuck you. fine = fuck it. i guess = i do not give a fuck.'
b'oh thank god, got canceled so i no longer have a need to pay for cable. thanks for saving me money e!'
b'oh thanks for the bb spoiler alert. bye frankie sad to see you head off to the jury house'
b'oh the joys of emulation on the laptop'
b"oh the joys of having to use campus wifi when you're trying to actually do something productive."
b'oh the places you will go...'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9oh, these \xf0\x9f\x99\x8dbitches out here think i am " worried " about them. bitch, if you do not beat it... i ain\'t losing \xf0\x9f\x9a\xabno sleep over you hoes \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"oh the weather in wildomar is wonderful isn't it."
b'oh this is a great class'
b'oh those dreams are the best.. -__ -'
b'oh you can ride ur bike with no hands? your so impressive'
b"oh well. i'd really have to care about these classes to legit get upset over missing them lol. more to life la"
b'oh well. no sense in getting upset about it'
b'oh what a joy it is to be home'
b'oh what a lovely day this has been smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh what a lovely smell of marijuana walking to my car.'
b"oh what a surprise it's raining again! \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'oh what a surprise'
b"oh wow broken up 4 days and you've moved on already, thanks, do not feel like shit at all."
b'oh wow, do not i feel loved?! not in the mood for this day! bleh!'
b'oh wow i can not sleep what a surprise like this is so weird and unusual'
b'oh wow i am in a fantastic mood! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'oh wow welcome back migraine, i missed not having you for the past 2 hours.'
b'oh yaaaaaa love this shit'
b'oh ya know just hanging out in my driveway looking for the big dipper smile'
b'oh ya that was a smart choice by you'
b'oh good i have only 6 hours of school tomorrow instead of 8 ^. ^'
b"oh yay, it's pouring down again!"
b'oh yay, surprise final in my micro lab smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh yea great birthday so far'
b"oh yeah a few days ago i caught my dad blasting bangtan's tomorrow while people were sleeping sad except for me ofc"
b'oh yeah and blasting powwow in the office because its just me and secretary here'
b'oh yeah, and just after " dangerous " was green day\'s " basket case, " so that was also cool smile'
b'oh yeah bestfrr!'
b'oh yeah is one month old :'
b'oh yeah holy shit what a feeling by 1d is probably the greatest song ever'
b"oh yeah i ain't gone lie you did though lmao yeah you made me work"
b'oh yeah, i definitely wanted to stand outside the bus for ten minutes waiting in the cold.'
b'oh yeah i forgot that only one person can like a certain artist. no one else'
b'oh yeah i have a twitter account now follow if you want to see drawings and other things smile'
b'oh yeah smile i love being wide awake at 4:00 am when i have to be up at 7:30:---))))))))'
b'oh yeah, i love coming home to arguments smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes this is the life'
b"oh yeah, it's a joy worth sharing with the world!"
b"oh yeah i've got something to tell you guys."
b'oh yeah i woke up at 7am because my roommate was blasting atc - all around the world and i told him to turn it off'
b'oh yeah. keep blasting call me maybe on the bus.'
b'oh yeah so about that chromdachi amv'
b'oh yeah these look like 4 people who hate each other to me unamused face'
b'oh yeah this happened in the lefties osu chat'
b'oh yeah went to the hobby store they added uss new york and no one has still bought the ijn musashi'
b"oh yeah, you're such a badass blasting earned it on your phone's speakers from the back of the bus."
b'oh yes sen orin hatch is going to inspire me to give to the'
b'oh you better not pout. you better not cry. you better not shout i am telling you why. nobody gives a fuck.'
b'oh you do not go to younglife on monday nights?! your mondays must be so great...'
b'oh, you hate facebook? thanks for sharing that information with me on facebook'
b'oh you know... just having some anxiety before my exam smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes great'
b"oh, you lost your phone and it's on silent? that's too bad. if you liked it then you should've put a ring on it."
b'oh you miss me? i can tell by the way you ignore me.'
b'oh your account is protected? what the fuck do you tweet? nuclear launch codes?'
b'oh, you think you have relationship problems? try separating me from my bed in the morning'
b'oh youve been on your period for 4 months? lol ok wait another month before we can get you into the doctors. have fun " - my doctor.'
b"okay = everything's cool. okay = you make no sense. okay = you're creepy. okay = i do not care. okay = i am so pissed off."
b'//okay, i have a 75 in the class. in order to get a b -, i need to get an 87 + on the next exam... great.'
b'okay im gonna attempt to catch up on sleep goodnight i love harry and all my mutuals but especially tori \xf0\x9f\x8d\x93\xf0\x9f\x8f\xb5'
b"okay i am gonna get some sleep and attempt to wake back up for jimmy kimmel but it's doubtful"
b"okay it's 2:15 and i've been awake since 7 and had a v busy and great day that i could not be more thankful for ++"
b'okay katie. get off facebook and twitter and instagram and actually do your work..'
b'okay " means you\'re in the clear. " k " means you\'re better off not coming home.'
b'okay mom how did you know i did not want to stop at stripes?!'
b'okay seriously... who came up with the name suntrust park for the new braves stadium?'
b'okay so i told myself i was not going to like red bull ever. yea i still do not enjoy drinking it but i am addicted smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'okay someone take one for the team and travel the world with me'
b'okay thanks for thinking about it sis. bringing up bill will piss me off. hopefully the ending is defeating bill and home.'
b"the doctors see she isn't waking up and they hook her up to machines to keep her alive. the doctor tells you -"
b'ok. blood sugar at 62, a few points higher than a half hour ago. maybe i can get a few hours sleep.'
b"ok cool laptop's at 38% and my charger burnt me thats fun"
b'ok finished my test so i am outta here great gatsby can eat my ass'
b'ok i love melissa but i got homework to do show the boys'
b"ok im being honest here if someone gets me jb tickets i will freaking love you and get a's in all my freaking classes just pleaseeeeeeeeeeee"
b'ok im going to attempt to sleep thank you again for calling me im still not over it ok goodnight kids'
b'ok i am gonna attempt to sleep now but i just wanna say that is a huge sweetheart who deserves good things happening to her'
b'ok i need to beat up the upstairs neighbors why do they walk like elephants'
b'ok i should get back cleaning my room lol'
b'ok i\'ve drank like 3 bottles of this " no more tears " shampoo but it still has not worked'
b"ok look, if i meet you for a date and you do not look anything like your pic, then you're buying drinks for me until you do."
b'so as he never ever cheats again'
b".. ok now it's canceled thanks for the reminder!"
b'ok so i only have to work 8 days in a row instead of 9 days. that makes me feel so much better...'
b'ok so please stalk me guys (?) cause i already replied all of those old mentions sobs'
b"ok yeah annalise is gonna get shot on purpose. dang that's seeing a lie through"
b'ok yeah now the one that got away is blasting and i am going to cry'
b'ok yea i am gonna finish the beginners section of french and attempt some more korean alphabet so i can cry myself to sleep xoxo'
b'old friend : " we need to hang out. " me : " yeah. we do. "... never happens'
b'old : never take candy from strangers. new : never click links from strangers.'
b'old smuts today at work were arguing which insurance plan was the best. sometimes i prefer the young smuts and their thot stories.'
b'we do not grow them in se mn. kind of miss them.'
b"we're offering sushi classes on campus 4 students! message 4 more info. we'd love to head to oxford!"
b'you do not love me no more. i shall text you this weekend after i get off work smiling face with halo'
b'i feel your pain hehehe'
b'olly riley is so original with his tweets'
b': i really love my college, my teachers love me and i made so many new friends. sparkles "'
b'omfg auckland. do not rain on me. my hair is the perfect level of casually styled.'
b'omfg i have 0 classes on fridays in spring loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'omfg, i am sick of ppl at this stage now... can not i just be left alone sad without being annoyed about some1 i love sm sad xxx'
b'omfg i was so wasted i shaved one leg loudly crying face'
b'omfg has not seen oliver and company wtf is this fixing this right now my most favorite disney movie ever ahhhhhhhhhhhhh'
b"omg all these annoying 1d and jb fans arguing about who's best get off ma homepage"
b'omg best day ever smile'
b'omg can not wait to sit in a class room for 6 hours on thursday and take a test!'
b'omg congrats to my friend for scoring the lead role in the school musical! i can not wait to see it!'
b'omg dont you hate when people try to nominate themselves for homecoming, definitely not getting my vote raised hand unamused face'
b'omg can not wait for your video! it looks awesome. and bruce is too sweet with the concern meow when you cough smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e omg hi it was fun working with you this summer, butttt hmu \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'omg : how to play oceans on the drums'
b'omg i do not have school omg joy'
b'omg i just overheard a little girl say a moth is just like a butterfly except its ugly face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy what the fuck'
b'omg i just realized theyre called pancakes because theyre like cakes but you cook them wait for it in a pan'
b"omg i just think you're so hot if you put so much dip in your mouth that you look like a chipmunk \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'omg i love school so much'
b"crescent moon omg i love when i get to see you in the hallway and you're really funny and i wish we had classes together loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"omg i luv friends that disappear when they get into relationships it's seriously my favorite thing ever."
b'omg i only shaved one leg'
b'omg its raining what a surprise'
b'omg look at her face...'
b'omg crying about how great his mom is my heart just exploded'
b'omg is following me i am dyyyyyiiiinnng...'
b'omgomg can not wait for school tomorrow! smile'
b'omg is the best, he lowkey kept on giving me sour patch kids during algebra raised fist'
b"omg this is freaky! have 8 beers & 3 shots, go to your phone the next day, press 'recently dialed ' & the name of your crush will appear!"
b'omg this is me but with mopping & cleaning my room most of the time'
b"omg this is so freaky! have 8 beers & 3 shots, go to your phone the next day, press 'recently dialed ' & the name of your crush will appear!"
b'omg you finally 18 qua. i am so proud of you &what you are becoming dont let nobody stop you from doin u. i love you gf. hpbd'
b'omg ur so kewl smoking dat kush'
b'omg woke up to see this. you just made my day great! thanx smiling face with smiling eyes love them sooo much'
b'omg good is pouring weary face finally catch some sleep'
b'omg you had a party and your snapping how your casa got trashed &tweeting about the cops being called. can i please be as cool as you?'
b'omg you look so much better when you do not wear your glasses. " well you look better when i do not wear my glasses too.'
b'what a set of lucky tossers. real madrid shittin themselves'
b'on a drunkness scale of 1 to david hasselhoff, i plan on getting amy winehouse tonight.'
b"on a hot day, you'll wind up having to smell tit sweat as you wear it."
b'on a more positive note, first driving lesson today! watch out, i am on the road mofos'
b'on another note, i had a great weekend despite the rain that kept on pouring'
b'on another note i love my boyfriend going out at 10pm to get me allergy meds smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'on a scale of 1 to america how free are you tonight?'
b'on a scale of fake pockets to nachos how good is your idea'
b'on a side note i walked by a girl who literally drew her eyebrows on with sharpie in the bathroom'
b'once a homewrecker always a homewrecker... married'
b'once i called my darling when he was in the hospital & his heart rate went insane & the doctors were so confused. so in love.'
b'once i get this new room setup, our schedule will go back to normal. i promise. stream is canceled for today. thanks for being patient sad 3'
b'once i put on my headphones, my life becomes a music video.'
b"once i've stolen enough rubber bands to complete my rubber band ball, i am so quitting this stupid job."
b'once you hate someone, everything they do is annoying. " look at this bitch, eating those crackers like she owns the place. "'
b'once you learn to shift your focus on the positive and whats important, good shit starts to happen and i love that shit.'
b"once your number is deleted from my phone, you're dead to me bitch bye."
b'once you start to dislike someone. everything they do begins to annoy you.'
b'once you start wearing leggings as pants theres not really any going back'
b"once you tell your mom what someone did to you there's no going back"
b"once you turn 21, you can finally legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15."
b'one and a half hour left to sleep haih fuck this assignment nights'
b"one day, i'll be okay, i'll be cool, i'll be successful, i'll reach all my dreams and prove them that i can do what they think i can't."
b"one day i'll be to busy to and that day will b the best day of my life sorry!"
b'one day im going to be too lazy to breathe and just die'
b"one day i might just change all of my passwords to 'women ' since nobody can seem to figure them out."
b'one day my fridge will take revenge on me by opening my bedroom door every half hour, staring at me for a few minutes and then leave.'
b'one day, people are gonna write songs about the nap i am about to take.'
b'one day, someone is going to hug you so tight, all your broken pieces will go right back together'
b'one day someone will walk into ur life and make you see why it never worked out with anyone else'
b"one day there will be little mini me's running around, half me and half of the person i love and thinking of that makes me really happy."
b"one day you'll wake up at 11:30 am on a sunday with the love of your life and you'll make some coffee and pancakes and it'll all be alright"
b"one day you're going to wake up and realize that you should've tried. i was worth the fight"
b'ur pretty no matter what you look like!'
b"thank you guys for adding summer love. that's one of my favourite songs by you people."
b'one direction was amazing tonight! i wish it would never end! thank you &'
b"when the fire alarm goes off in the middle of school so you and ur friends decide it's the perfect chonce to learn"
b'one high school coach can make you hate everything about the sport that you fell in love with as a kid and that is so depressing to me'
b'one mans " annoying female " is another mans " damn baby where you been all my life. " remember that.'
b"one minute you hate his guts next minute he's in your guts, life changes fast."
b"one minute you're eating fajitas & enjoying a marg and the next you're covered in hives."
b"one. more. class. that's all that's standing between me and break can not wait"
b'one more hour and i am out of here love my job but i need my day off tomorrow free friday for me'
b'one more thing on my list... a little tv time then bed. today was a busy but great day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'one of my classes got cancelled today good lol'
b'one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much you enjoy them and their existence'
b'one of my favorite holiday traditions is fixing coffee punch using folgers coffee. we usually have brunch on'
b"one of my favorite things about being short is probably when i wear yoga pants and walk outside when it's wet and they're soaked."
b"one of my favorite things about my state is we actually have a mountain named mount disappointment. it's currently on fire."
b'one of my favorite things is getting in my car and finding a thousand giant ants crawling around in it.'
b'one of my kids i babysit left for school and i said " have a good day! " and he said " love you!... oh wait, thought you were my mom sorry " \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'one of the advantages of being a man is that chocolate does not control you. disadvantage : sex does. relevant : chocolate is easier to get.'
b'one of the best feelings is knowing exactly what you want because you will not allow yourself to settle for anything less'
b'one of the fake rooms at ikea should just be a couple fighting as they try to put the furniture together'
b'one of the greatest joys of teaching is working without getting paid.'
b'one of them moments where i rather be left alone. or be around some love.'
b'one of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.'
b'one of the saddest days of my life was when i heard that bears sleep for half the year and i realized i had been born the wrong species'
b'one of these days i will have beautiful golden bronzed skin face with tears of joy'
b'one of these nasty fucks next to me smell like an open milk chocolate bar thats been in the car on a hot day and you accidentally step on it'
b'one of the things i hate about high school are the people that walk so damn slow in front of me fuck you walk faster thanks'
b'one of the toughest parts of adulthood is figuring out how to stay friends with people who post too many selfies'
b"one of those days where i feel particularly blessed to have clinicals in you of m's emergency room... i love it there so much"
b'one of those slpless nyts n only a certain sum1 does this to me relieved face interested i wana slp'
b"one step closer i've died everyday waiting for you darling do not be afraid i've loved you for a thousand years i'll love you for a thousand more"
b'one thing i hate about - addicting as all hell & i do not read as much. geez - i must prioritize my time more effectively'
b'one time i asked some girl what she was thinking. by the time she finished her thought we had 2 children.'
b'one time i put my phone in my pocket and did not take it out for like almost 5 minutes.'
b'one time i smashed my face into the keyboard and accidentally wrote the 4th twilight book.'
b'one time the fire alarm in my building went off and it was raining'
b'on everything i love when i see people let their kids cough n sneeze n not tell em cover their mouth'
b'one week away from seeing'
b"ong my legs aren't hurting anymore! i wonder if i got any taller omg i am excited"
b'online shopping gives me a reason to live for another 3-5 business days'
b'only 100 years to wait'
b'only 118 years to wait for the gender pay gap to be closed :'
b'only 24 hours left to vote for favorite male artist pop rock at the be sure to rt to rock ur vote!'
b'only 2hrs & 20 min left! good'
b'only 4 classes on my fridays! good'
b"only 8 years to wait then, let's hope is are prepared to wait."
b'only 90s kids will remember this : *plays outside *'
b'only a lab report, 2 papers, an extra credit assignment, and a case study due before thanksgiving break yay? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"only at central would someone pull the fire alarm before school starts when it's raining out"
b"only at clements will the fire alarm go off when it's 50 degrees outside and raining"
b'only at midd north will a kid pull the fire alarm when it\'s raining outside " -middletown h s north'
b'only girl i want right now, unfortunately loves someone else... gunna lie.'
b'only going to one class i am exhausted'
b'only got a half hour of sleep last night confused face'
b'only i can be complaining that i am tired all day, but yet still will be awake at 4. 20am with a 9am looming over me. good insomnia!'
b'only if i could change my clothes faster than my whatsapp status i would be in a relationship.'
b'only i would wear cowboy boots to school in north philly. i will clearly fit in perfectly face with tears of joy'
b"only joking, i am just bitter, we'd love to be there causing carnage and getting up to our usual drunken debauchery! have a shit time guys weary face"
b'only kids count sheep to fall asleep. count your debts, your mistakes, your heartache and cry yourself to sleep like a grownup.'
b"only know you've been high when you're feeling low only hate the road when you're missing home only know you love her when you let her go"
b'only my computer would restart in the middle of a test'
b'only night off was last night and it was ruined thank god'
b'only one more hour and i get to go back to class guyssss! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xe2\x9c\x8f\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'only part of the group is on a suicide mission ; the others want to live for more missions. so they dont want to get caught.'
b'only reason i love being up early smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'only reason i am glad i did not pick kids up from school :3 yo flooded school bathroom, soaked his clothes and was covered in wet toilet paper'
b"only shaved one leg, completely forgot the other... so that's how my days going."
b'only shaved one leg in the shower. cool.'
b'only shaved one leg today :((( i forgot to do the other one i am a mess'
b'only taking 4 classes (and the ihsa club team ) next semester! i am really excited about my schedule and fridays off!'
b'only thing that does suck is that i am 9 on the wait list for my math class'
b'only time my tweets get any love is when kelsey gets off work and just likes them all'
b"only trust people who have strong pinkies. they've never broken a promise."
b'only trust people who like big butts... they can not lie.'
b'only waking up from stamina now face with tears of joy defo need to go doctors'
b'only way to cure anxiety is to cry'
b'only when the ipod/ipad screen cracks do me and sister realize that we need a case and screen protectors for them'
b'only your best friend understands that when you say " i saw my boyfriend today " you are referring to the hot guy that has no clue you exist.'
b'loudly crying face loudly crying face on my life " : pretty sure half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao. "'
b'on my way to school'
b'on my way to test drive my new car. grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x9a\x98'
b'on my way to therapy. already feeling slightly nervous due to the traffic. thank you, tlv.'
b'on some real shit i do not like that girl w her man lookin ass... wish she woulda hopped in this'
b"on the 12/21/12 people will be making rapture jokes like there's no tomorrow."
b'on the bus so boring'
b'on the fact that you can have sex now.'
b"on the flip side, i get to spend my entire week my bff, even though we'll both be working \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"on the internet you can be whoever you want. it's odd to me that so many choose to be stupid."
b"on tonights episode of watch the cast of our big gay road trip try on eleanor's clothes"
b'ooh lala - i 3 chocolate mousse! tried my allergy friendly version yet? i love your feedback on my blog so'
b'oooh man i am so fine.. i have electricity! not just that i have internet! thats how lucky i am right now'
b'oooh, that\'s a bit too harsh. let me put " lol " at the end of it.'
b'oooooh, that\'s a bit too harsh. let me put " lol " at the end of it.'
b'ooooo i love a good sneeze'
b'oops, sorry. i dropped that fuck i was about to give.'
b"opening your cabinet, seeing there's about to be an avalanche of stuff falling, and quickly closing it for the next person to deal with."
b'opinions are like assholes : some people make money by posting them on the internet.'
b'opps damn autocorrect on that last tweet lmao'
b'you should ask how many shelters the he is making off innocent donators is actually going to help animals'
b'or at least bring me a fag! in need of a smoke \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b"ordered a new tv from & after waiting 3 days & paying for express delivery i am excited it's here unamused face"
b"have you noticed most people in prison are democrats bill i think it's the end of america god bless us"
b'this is a good one bill, someone has a god problem...'
b"why isn't anyone questioning how come the russians are providing email facts that we can not seem to get thru legal means?"
b'orgy was going well until i realized it was an intervention'
b'orientation friday. first day saturday.. bro i am about to do nothing but work and homework this weekend.'
b"i've seen no stories of cards fans nearly killing fans of other teams. there are jerks, but most of us just love baseball."
b"or one could go to sleep and attempt to forget everything. it still works, just not all the time and it's harder"
b'orrrrrrrrr you can wait longer and watch me work out and get sweaty and panting splashing sweat symbol then kill me'
b'sit your fucking ass on the bench or get out of my club.'
b'osteo time, this is going to be fun!'
b"other day someone tweeted they hate moms who drop the kid of at daycare and go back to bed. but on my day off that's me. i deserve bihh"
b'other people : wow what a perfect morning for a run! me : wow what a perfect morning to go the fuck back to sleep.'
b"other than a frigid start we're in for some great days with lots of sunshine. rain could return by the weekend"
b'i agree. similarly, cycling home in the wind was no fun until it also started to rain heavily.'
b'our brain makes us see ourselves 5x more attractive than we actually are. " well fuck -_-'
b'our bring on the men class was so much fun tonight! these guys killed it! we can not wait for the next one! \xf3\xbe\xad\x9e \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb5'
b'our cat would absolutely love to just be left alone to shred up an entire newspaper right now'
b'our first date night is tonight! can not wait to get sweaty with all of you! who is joining?'
b'our future should not be used to fulfil the greed of our present.'
b"our generation does not knock on doors... we'll call or text you, so you know we're outside."
b"our kids biggest challenge will be to find a username that's not already taken."
b'our kids will go to a middle school dance w/ the theme " the 2010\'s " and they\'ll wear leggings w/ ugg boots and twerk to call me maybe'
b'our neighbors either move furniture every night or have really weird sex for the bed to hit the wall the way it does///:'
b'our parents need to understand that our generation is way different than theirs'
b'our power went out & i was in the shower & i only shaved one leg loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"our relationship isn't easy, we're not perfect, but i am willing to work my ass off for us to last."
b'our young talent are still being talked about in the press love it!'
b'out now! head over to itunes to pick up a copy of live like a legend'
b'out of all my body parts, i am sure my eyes are in the best shape. i do at least 463 eye rolls a day.'
b'out of all the people to work with today... thank you, thank you so much'
b'over 80% of people retweet a tweet to secretly send someone a message.'
b"oversleeping for my 9 o 'clock class and chapel, then waking up with a huge migraine..."
b'oversleeping is my favorite!'
b'overtime starts again next week and just send it too him in the mail but do not tell him its going to be a surprise smile'
b'overwhelming stress and anxiety makes for a great day persevering face'
b'one more year and you will have to stop that...'
b'to worry. obama is going to hit them with his purse.'
b'pachinko companies : you have to throw shit as high as possible hoping in the way down it will fall in the right spot'
b'packing is so much fun!'
b'packing is so much fun expressionless face'
b"that makes sense, dumb cute might be the stupidest thing i've ever heard of"
b'paige comes into my room and sits on my bed and silently does homework and i love that she just comes and sits with me \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b': took a shower 3 hours ago and my hair is still wet... cool " when i take a shower at 8pm and wake up with wet hair unamused face expressionless face'
b'pain has taught me to appreciate the things that do not hurt.'
b'good for being up with the birds. next stop for me is the and tiffanie!'
b'pandas already have 2 bia\xc3\xa7k eyes which makes punching them in the face almost impossible to prove.'
b'panic attacks are my favorite confounded face'
b'on top of that he say he gone run all over our (panther defense ) in week 4'
b'parenthood is 50% arranging nice things for your kids to do and 50% threatening to take them away.'
b"parents 50% of the time : you're a grown up, you can do things by urself parents 50% of the time : shut up. you know nothing. you're still a baby"
b'parents are leaving to go to a comedy show in seattle so i am stuck babysitting'
b'parents : be yourself me : -is self - parents : wait no'
b"parents : be yourself parents : also dont dye ur hair no piercings no tattoos no ur not wearing that get straight a's & be a perfect child"
b'parents call it " bad grades ", we call it " still passing " smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'parents : clean your room. family is coming over. me : oh i am sorry i did not realize the gathering would be held in my bedroom'
b"parents : how was school?me : it's okayparents : why do you always give me the same answer?me : why do you always ask me the same question?"
b'parents " how was school? " me " okay " parents " why do you always give me the same answer? " me " why do you always ask the same question? "'
b'parents : " i am in a bad mood. i think i\'ll go yell at my kids so they\'re in a bad mood too. "'
b'parents : one day you have to pay for everything yourself me : ya but today is not that day'
b'parents spend 2 years teaching their child to walk and talk then spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut up.'
b'parents : " we need to talk. " me : *million things run through my mind. what did they find out about!?* parents : " stop leaving the lights on. "'
b'parents : who are you texting so late!? me : jake from state farm.'
b'parents : why are you awake so early? me : who said i went to sleep!?'
b'parents : you do realize one day you will have to pay for all your own things me : yes but today is not that day'
b'parents : your room is a mess. me : you should see my life.'
b'parents : your room is such a mess me : this is my design'
b'parent : why do not you come socialize with the family? me : *sits with family* me : *gets insulted by entire family* me : *goes back to bedroom *'
b'parent : why hasnt _____ been round lately? i thought you were friends. me : well they turned into a cunt.'
b'paris is famous for its marble architecture and croissants. they really did build their city on rock and rolls.'
b'partying by myself and have an ap test tomorrow morning so im gonna feel great when i wake up (((:'
b'partying is fun until you find someone who makes staying home even more fun.'
b': i want selena to perform hands to myself, kill em with kindness or perfect because faves'
b'passing all my classes good smile'
b'passing the test is great. but knowing everyone in your squad passed too, the feeling just get even better smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'passion of his youth combined with wisdom of experience. electrifying and literally awesome.'
b"passive aggressive note to upstairs neighbors did not work. they're still elephants"
b"passport renewal. it's more fun in the philippines."
b"pass the friggin ball... 6 goals in one game isn't necessary!"
b'patiently waiting on tuesday'
b'pats your cheeks. i just woke up but i still want to sleep. q you q but besides that im doing great, and you?'
b"i've been covered in hives for the last three days smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'really funny'
b"paul scholes looks like he's definitely enjoying being there"
b'yeah, i got really wet when i left school, are you having a good time so far?'
b'pauwi na galing school grinning face grinning face with smiling eyes yey! i still have time to dress up face with tears of joy bc bb and i will meet at the television good black heart suit'
b'it really was & actually kinda fucked up... sooo many weird things happened thanks troye'
b'paying a fat 9g to listen to my lecturer talk bout cycling in d rain'
b'paying for school is my favorite...'
b'exactly the same. i have two cats that make me sneeze and itch but i love them cat face'
b'seriously? no wonder he knocked you up but still will not marry you face with tears of joy'
b'he did this to michael rapaport a couple weeks ago. they had great chemistry which was fun but felt like bs interrupted too much'
b'lol nah i was an idiot no lie but i realized i was worth more not all conceited lol but yeah face with tears of joy'
b"thinks she's cool face with tears of joy"
b'penn state football fans planning to honor joe paterno this weekend is as classy as it gets.'
b'if bernie is looking for a fight tell him to meet me after class out back at anyone of my fantastic properties.'
b'people always feel the need to piss me off. like go you all, thanks once again'
b'people are always calling me " cute \' and its like yea im cute but do you wanna do me'
b'people are always like " are you a morning person or a night person " and i am like buddy i am barely even a person.'
b'people are like music. some speak truth, others are just noise.'
b'people are so nice these days..'
b"people are so predictable, like i bet you're reading this tweet right now."
b'people are way to worried about the perfect relationship'
b'people arguing politics on facebook is the best unamused face'
b'people assume i am smart when they see my glasses case. then they see that i use it to store a twix bar and they recognize my true genius.'
b'people be pretending amazed.'
b'people call themselves gym rats... i call myself a library rat ha face with tears of joy'
b'people can say anything about you, but only you know the truth.'
b"people do you dirty then blame you for how shit goes down. something i'll never understand."
b'people getting really mad asf when they dont get their way with you these days'
b'people have acne. get over it. dont be a fucking dick to people man'
b'people have a nasty habit of pissing me the fuck off'
b'people have been arguing about which new rnb guy is the best for weeks why must there always be just 1 shining at a time?'
b'people : " i love it when my boyfriend tells me he loves me. " me : " i love it when my microwave tells me my food is ready. "'
b'people like you make me wish i had more middle fingers.'
b'people need to stop fucking with my character cause i will patiently wait till karma ruins them'
b'people need to understand the difference between want and need. like i want to have a hot body but i need chicken nuggets.'
b"people piss me off. even if you're not a threat do not flirt with her. thanks"
b'people : pok\xc3\xa9mon is my childhood me : pok\xc3\xa9mon is my past, present and future'
b'people really do not get how much work ya put in when ya in clinicals, the work never stops.'
b'people say everything happens for a reason. so when i punch you in the face, remember i have a reason.'
b'people should be required to pay an extra dollar for every syllable of their coffee order.'
b'people should just mind their own business, " probably the funniest thing i\'ve ever read on a social networking site.'
b"people sure get cranky about a fire alarm during lunch especially when it's raining. at least it's not snowing!"
b"people switch to iphones and act like androids ain't take they smart phone virginity"
b'people that completely change their personality and the way they act around different people just to be liked by everyone are shady as hell'
b'people that point their finger at everyone while sitting in their piles of filth'
b"people that purposely take a long time to text you back you're lame"
b'people that use statistics in everyday arguments are assholes 100% of the time'
b'people that wait 3 hours to reply to a text should be shot.'
b'people used to imagine that 2013 would be full of flying cars but all we have is blankets with sleeves.'
b'people : you should smile me : not unless you deposit 2 million dollars in my bank account thanks'
b'people usually forget to thank you when you do good to them, but they never forget to blame you if you did wrong to them.'
b'people who are trying way too hard :1. miley cyrus'
b'people who can look good when their hair is wet cant be trusted'
b'people who complain about the weather are usually harder to deal with than the weather itself.'
b'people who delete their tweets after beef are so inconsiderate of people like me who are just trying to catch up'
b'people who do math homework in pen are fearless \xe2\x9c\x92\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'people who do not start screaming when they are angry and instead lower their voice until it turns into a whisper are scary as fuck'
b'people who drop you off at home and wait til you actually get inside the house to drive off are beautiful and deserve to live forever.'
b"people who get out of the car and actually have a sit down meal inside mcdonald's scare me."
b'people who make fun of my last name really piss me off. i get insecure over my own last name? how fucked up is that? can you stop thanks'
b'people who make really bad decisions are always like : i have the worst luck'
b'people who make you feel bad for liking what you like are the worst kinds of people'
b'people who posts pictures of themselves smoking. omg, your so cool. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"people who remote lock their car 2 times seriously have trust issues. personally, i do it 3 times but that's just my ocd."
b'people who reply to my sarcasm with sarcasm are my favorite'
b"people who say 'age is just a number ' are stupid. age is clearly a word."
b'people who say " bad things happen in three\'s " deserve to be punched, kicked and then set on fire just to prove the point.'
b"people who say they're 'living in the moment ' must be hitting the refresh button like a motherfucker."
b'people who say " us whites do the same thing on thanksgiving " piss me off. we talkin bout us. dont make the shit a race competition. thanks'
b'people who smile at you when you make eye contact with them are my favorite kind of people'
b'people who talk to themselves tend to be better lovers. did you know that? yes, i did know that. thank you for asking.'
b"people who tell you it's too cold to eat ice cream are the kind of negativity you do not need in your life."
b'people who think they are big and bad because they make a " threatening " post at someone face with tears of joy nice'
b'people who wait 3 hours to respond to a text " lol " should be punched in the neck. your not fooling anybody. you weren\'t loling that long.'
b'people who wait 4 hours to reply to my text with " lol " should be shot.'
b'people will stab you in the back & ask why you bleeding.'
b'people will stop asking you questions if you answer back in interpretive dance.'
b'people with 1 syllable names fucking ruin the happy birthday song every time!'
b'people with a sense of humor are so much easier to talk to.'
b"people : you're so quiet, like you do not talk. me : i talk, just not to you. bitch"
b"people : you're so quiet that's because i dont fucking like you"
b'people : " you\'re so quiet, you never talk. " me : " oh i talk, just not to you. "'
b"people : you've changed. me : well i couldn't stay a sperm forever could i"
b'perfect. mid -flow of my morning bowel movements, the fire alarm goes off. to say the rest was a rush would be an understatement.'
b'perfect for dinner and laundry. awesome evening'
b'i can not wait to spoil it all for her tomorrow by yelling to my friends what happened in class'
b'perfect time for a fire alarm persevering face'
b'perfect time to get sick unamused face'
b'perfect time to run out of gas... tractor'
b'perfect way to break up with your girl lol lol'
b'perfect weather to be writing an essay smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat by'
b'period and basketball morning practice go me'
b'perks of dating me : i laugh at my own jokes so you do not need to'
b'you should honestly attempt something to fix it, i know i get hit by insomnia sometimes so i watch documentaries to sleep'
b'person 1: i can draw really well person 2: i can sing really well me : i can eat really well'
b'personally i can not wait to see the new star wars - certainly spans the generations my kids are looking forward to'
b'personal questions asked at the doctors will always be awkward no matter how old i get.'
b'person : *breathes* me : you are so fucking annoying can you please control yourself'
b"person : *doesn't reply* me : they hate me me : i hate me me : everyone hates me"
b"person : do you want to hang out? me : i have to ask my mom. me : *doesn't ask her* me : she said no."
b'person : how are you? me : i literally have no idea'
b'person : " i can hear your music " me : " you\'re welcome "'
b'person : i like your name me : thanks, i got it for my birthday'
b'person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person says : hi'
b"person : you're blocking the view. me : i am the view"
b"person : you're really pretty me : are you making fun of me"
b"person : you're ugly me : good, i was trying to look like you today"
b'pe teacher : why are you running so slowly me : " it does not matter how slow you go, as long as you do not stop " - wisdom of confucius'
b'have a requested game for you titanfall or smite you can play better games though trying to rush'
b'nobody can work every day and streaming is working so, take a day off.'
b'" south dakota school of mines is so good at football " they are division 3...'
b'love you old mommy. can not wait for you to babysit me all night and be my big spoon.'
b'phoebe song of the day \xe2\x99\xaboh the cow in the meadow goes moo then the farmer hits him on the head & grinds him up & thats how we get hamburgers'
b'phone calls with bae are always fun'
b'phone cases are like condoms ; you do not want to, but you kind of have to.'
b'phone : has thousands of songs. me : listens to same 5 songs on repeat.'
b'phones are getting skinnier and smarter while people are getting fatter and dumber'
b'phonetics are so " amazing "!'
b'physically and emotionally done with all the bullshit in my life'
b'physical therapy day 1 so excited'
b"physics : it's the science where you use extremely long and complicated formulas to explain why a ball rolls."
b'physics test and lab day tomorrow good i love life'
b"picking my kid up from school in 25 yearsme : yo shawty, leggookid : omgme : stop being a hater yolokid : you're embarrassing meme : swag"
b'pick your poison smiling face with sunglasses'
b'picture a scavenger hunt where the only items on the list are " your house keys " and " your house. " well, son, that\'s what drinking is like.'
b'pictures of you with no shirt on on facebook?'
b"awesome and sounds good! have fun doing your homework! tweet me when you're finished! smile"
b"you best believe i'll get on lockdown to get out of some algebra."
b'pizza burnt the inside of my mouth and i do not understand why the things i love most keep hurting me'
b'pizza is an acceptable meal at all times of the day'
b'pizza will not divorce you pizza will not betray you pizza will not cheat on you pizza will not fight with you why do not people just marry pizza'
b'i only have 30min lunch break though so i may as well drive back home grab soup or something and come back.. bank is always busy'
b'pjs, warm blankets, blunt & hours of love & hip hop make for a great day off relieved face'
b'your bomb face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face raised hand'
b'place? it did happen in front of my eye you bunch of idiots.'
b'well i hope she knows i am upset with her'
b"i've unpinned my question to you from here which i know you were totally going to answer eventually"
b'planning shit in your head hoping one day it all comes true'
b'plans for 2014: care less about everything get hot sleep'
b'plans for ride back home listen to fetty listen to j cole attempt to do hw change to gucci (need a little ratchetness ) sleep sleeping face'
b'i would love to go but i am working late shift friday... and you probably have so many people anyways'
b'players day off today but the guys were still in the gym working on their game including'
b'playing against mresq this week in a fantasy football battle of suck. we might kill each other before the weekend is over.'
b'playing dead for the alarm clock does not seem to be working. expressionless face'
b"playing dead on the couch all day in case a bear attacks. that's not lazy, that's proactive."
b'*playing game for first time* " would you like to try the tutorial first? " me : " no. " *moments later* me : " how the fuck do you play this.?'
b'please call your skinny self fat one more time.'
b'please continue enlightening me by repeating things that are common sense and pure logic.'
b'please do not be mean to dogs they are only trying to help'
b'please do not piss me off even more tonight thanks relieved face'
b"please do not be a bitch to me because then i'll have to be a bitch back, and i can do it better than you"
b"please do not expect me to always be good and kind and loving there are times when i'll be cold and thoughtless and really hard to understand"
b'please do not interrupt me when i am making a sale to ask what photo looks better...'
b'please do not mistake my personality for flirting. just because i am awesome does not mean i like you.'
b'please dont sit right next to me while im on the computer that is just not happening'
b'please everyone post a picture of opening ceremony to facebook.'
b'please for the love of god do not come to the doctors office right at fucking closing time we want to go home dammit'
b'please god if you cant make me slim, make my friends fat.'
b"please jump up and down more. it's soothing and makes it easier to sleep. by 11pm preferably."
b"please keep ignoring me for all of senior year. it's not like we're friends with the exact same people."
b'please keep ignoring me, i love it can not you tell?'
b'please keep ignoring me. i love it.'
b'please keep ignoring me i love it so much smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'please keep ignoring me i really appreciate it'
b'please keep my baby in your prayers, doctors are concerned about her not waking up yet but god has the final say.'
b'please keep rubbing it in. i love it.'
b"please keep telling me how i have huge lips for you know what. it's a real compliment."
b'please let sam go on about how great her chinese food wedding was, so riveting'
b"please let's have a moment of silence for all the teenagers whose parents do not allow them to eat in their rooms."
b'please lord, let me prove you that winning the lottery will not spoil me.'
b'please please please go leave a comment or'
b'please remember that non-members be by existing & they are permitted to participate in any club activities.'
b'please respect the revolving door speed that has already been established.'
b'rt if you think that the veterans are getting all the help they should from the help a vet'
b'please send me more invites to get the dislike button. the first 500 were clearly not enough.'
b'please show more prius commercials'
b'please stalk me as much as you want'
b'please stalk me hehehe'
b'please teach me how you edit your selfies, i want to be ghost white as well'
b'please tell me more about how stupid it is for me to be a vegetarian and continue to have a go at me expressionless face'
b'please try explaining what the diffence between " talking " and " dating " is to a parent and you will realize just how dumb our generation is'
b'dude literally i think there is something wrong with my stomach/digestive system'
b'plot twist : you wake up for school fully rested and ready to socialize'
b"plucking your eyebrows is legitimately very stressful because you pull out one wrong hair and it's game over"
b"plugged my phone in at 5% 15 mins ago and it's now at 8%..."
b'right mr grayson looks like you ve got it right tonight stick to it! " so sure now!'
b'i love how everyone is making that argument now.'
b"pointing out the food you just dropped on the floor to your dog because you're too lazy to clean it."
b'do i care about my hair or my channel more?'
b"do not think i've ever smiled as much as i did when i watched your new vlog. loved it x"
b'where satan opens up the door for me to enter hell'
b'pointless drama is the best neutral face'
b'omg just had nightmare that i read a tweet about tommy chong & dancing. with stars. sure this is good idea'
b'*points at ugly person in textbook, shows friend* - " that\'s you lol "'
b'has officially been downloaded more times than think about that, a app has surpassed an app that can get you laid!'
b"poking holes in your parents ' condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes."
b"he's definitely excited. i have not listened to purpose yet but i am proud of him and happy that he's happy and isn't hurting"
b'police officer : " anything you say, will be held against you. " me : " boobs! "'
b'police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot.'
b'police : this is the police! open your door now! me : not with that attitude'
b'no one is except whites rt : " i am proud to be black, " said the black man!'
b'she literally got fired because of rage holy shit'
b'poll : are you excited to potentially wake up to snow on saturday? this is a picture i snapped last year of one'
b'poor atlanta braves - they are just falling apart. so sad to see.'
b"poor people using hospitals, gay people marrying, people smoking marijuana. next thing you know we'll have real problems to worry about."
b'pop a molly? why do not some of you hoes pop some birth control'
b'popcorn is great but why did we stop there? this is america & i intend to find out what other foods would be delicious if we exploded them.'
b'that what i assumed, was just kinda... hoping... wishing the da would have its shit better together'
b'pop tarts for lunch yum unamused face'
b'porn is a lot like yoga pants. not everybody should be in them.'
b'porn paints a extremely unrealistic picture of how quickly you can get a plumber over to your house.'
b'im glad someone had to kill that bitch'
b'post all your inside jokes over facebook, i really want to hear about them smile'
b'posting pictures of you getting high or partying makes you 100x cooler'
b"post pictures of her, show her off, play with her hair, call her pretty, grab her ass, and tell her she's all you need"
b"you're not my on snap anymore?!?!?! does this mean we are breaking up?! loudly crying face"
b'best thing you can do is not to help pakistan anymore. but you will not listen, no?'
b'do not worry abt those people dying in louisiana, losing everything. you just continue your very important golf!'
b'i put a poster of you the first time you ran for president. its still there. sad that i will be taking it down after you leave off.'
b'it would be nice if you would focus on the country not a political race your not in!! oh wait you already ran us into the ground'
b'personally i do not want to see you go to jail i think there is much deeper places in the ground you should be'
b'tried to think of most powerful people in the world. can any of you put a stop to this?'
b'we would like to understand the double standard approach to deal with protesters.'
b'who cares if you actually have the right or a pulse, the democratic party simply doesnt care, vote 3x, no id to hassle about,'
b"why after putting out that our response time is 4 minutes is ahe not in jail you better do something about this it's wrong"
b'you have done a great job. tough decisions no one sees, fixing mistakes, making & keeping positive relationships & being a family man'
b"you aren't even funny"
b'pouring rain in azusa good smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'pouring rain no sleep pensive face (but good for another free car wash )'
b'powering through these physics questions... getting them all wrong in the process :d. yuss!'
b'adrian was raised that way and he made it to the nfl. maybe he thought that would motivate his kid to get there too?'
b'ppl think just because i model, i have a bunch of model friends face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ppl : you should talk more! me :*tries to talk* - gets ignored - gets interrupted - gets talked over - no one pays attention - no one cares'
b'ppl who have seen me at my worst and still stayed are my favorite'
b"ppl who laugh so hard at their own jokes that they can not even finish the joke because they're laughing so hard are my favorite kind of ppl"
b'practice is gonna be soo fun in this heat tired face'
b'practices done for today... i am so excited to wake up tomorrow with sore legs :))))'
b'practice should be interesting tonight since i am already sick and running on less than 5 hours of sleep...'
b'practice was crucial face with tears of joy'
b'prayers for this biopsych exam would be great right now face throwing a kiss'
b'prayers going out to my future husband i really hope ur doing good in school. love you'
b'praying that somehow school would get canceled tomorrow'
b'pre calc is off to a strong start this year'
b'predicting the words " ranch dressing " will appear somewhere in my autopsy findings.'
b'prelims week + post prelims week for me! hooray! but'
b'prentice\'s cabinet of " regular " albertans - notice the traditional albertan bow tie'
b'press 1 for someone who probably learned english last year but is going to try and communicate effectively with you anyway.'
b"pressing a too fast and having to talk to the pokemon center's nurse again was by far the worst part of my childhood."
b'pretending to be happy, but deep inside it hurts a lot.'
b"pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in class."
b'pretending to die in front of your pet to see if it tries to save you.'
b'pretty busy today. was only able to check my phone 1400 times.'
b'pretty cool how the internet lets you stay connected with people you have not seen in years and silently judge them on a daily basis.'
b'pretty girls : " omg i am so ugly. " ugly girls : " i am so sexy, everybody wants a piece of this ass. "'
b'pretty half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao.'
b'pretty much a 5 day weekend with doctors appointments, xrays and injections.. fun'
b"pretty much made my peace w/the fact that i am prob not gonna do so great on today's exam. that being said i said that last time & got a b"
b'pretty much taught how 2 run his own s690 tonight'
b'pretty pumped i started gerhart instead of sproles this week.'
b'pretty sure half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao. " omm i did not create any of mine lol'
b'pretty sure my dog would make a shitty astronaut because space is a vacuum and those tend to scare him'
b'pretty sure my roommate hates me'
b"pretty sure there's no humans in upstairs ' flat, sounds like fucking elephants."
b'pretty sure today was the first day since college started that i did not have homework l o l'
b"pretty unsettling that we're a few years away from having doctors that are either firmly team edward or team jacob."
b'primary source of income : when my mom gives me money to buy something and does not ask for the change back'
b"prince harry must feel all kinds of weird when he's stuffing pictures of his grandmother in the strippers ' g-strings."
b'princessaftbh : my smoke looks like a cloud - or'
b'principles of business is so fun.?'
b'pringles : the only chip company in the world that does not sell air.'
b'priorities will tell you everything you need to know about a person'
b'instead of in mumbai why do not you build your 100 crore aashiana in pakistan'
b'probably the most disappointing thing about growing up is realizing that pianos do not literally fall from the sky on top of your arch-enemy.'
b'probably the most exciting feature on the new iphone is the way it upgrades simple phone theft into full on finger removal.'
b"probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute"
b'probs more comments then likes on my pic'
b'procastinator? no. i just wait until the last second to do my work because i will be older, therefore wiser.'
b'procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes'
b'procrastination is to stop doing something you dont like to do something you love... so i love doing nothing \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f great!'
b"procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it's due"
b'professor : " can you pls tell us why you\'re so late? " me : someone told me to go to hell me : couldnt find it at first me : but now im here'
b'professors who canceled class for an early thanksgiving break : thanks fam'
b'professor : what inspired you to write this essay? me : the due date'
b'ignore the trolls, doc. most of us appreciate your insight. thanks for taking the time to offer it.'
b"so glad he's more worried about his rather than his danger to society"
b'proper mans night at olympus, making us watch twilight. absolutely loving it see.'
b"proposing to a woman isn't like choosing a life-long business partner. it's more like hiring your own boss."
b'props to people who have only 16 gb of storage on their phone and make it work.'
b"pro tip : order 2 drinks at a time so both your hands are full and you can not text boys you shouldn't"
b'proud of myself staying in this weekend'
b'proud to be white'
b'province invited all med students to an announcement. maybe they reached the goal of all manitobans having a family doctor by 2015?'
b'proving a woman wrong is the most difficult thing in world.'
b'psa trying to look cute by acting dumb really just makes you look dumb.'
b'psa : yo if ur going to college any time soon download college interactive from the app store. thank me later!'
b"ps if someone has a working link to 'how did we end up here ' send it to me please. the mega one isn't working 5 seconds of summer"
b"my friend taking sign language and she said it's fun and interesting not really hard. i am not sure how many credits it is tho"
b"puerto rican girls can fight so good bc it's so hard to grab their wet ass hair"
b'puke, vwhy does no one love me like this'
b'pulled my groin last night smiling face with smiling eyes wooo hooo!'
b'pulled my pants leg up, realized i only shaved one leg. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'today is like the first day i get homework'
b'purple weed purple drank purple heart sargent i am the best rapper in the game no arguing'
b'pursuers have bittersweet memories but the target of unrequited love is left awkward and uncomfortable. " wow poor you'
b'pussy good & plus i stay wet face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b'put down the weapons you fight with and kill em with kindness'
b'put off claiming an accident on my old car for 3 years. fixed it with duct tape hoping someone would hit me. today someone smashed it.'
b'*puts lmao after i am done expressing my feelings so it does not look that deep *'
b'puts mistletoe on my butt so you can kiss my ass'
b'*puts my ipod on shuffle and skips every song until i get one i was hoping for *'
b'*puts selfie on top of christmas tree because i am the star *'
b"putting 'official ' in your username to let all of your 37 followers know it's the real you"
b'putting your faith in the people is like building a house in the sand.'
b'put your hatred aside & kill them with kindness'
b'blood 3 zombies is so fun'
b'thanks for playing perfect. someone pulled the fire alarm at school and now im soaking wet but im okay now since you played it'
b'qatari doctors can work in more than one pvt hospital - peninsula on -line'
b'q : is google a boy or girl? a : obviously a girl because it wont let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas'
b'hahah he secretly loves me shh'
b'quality time with my wife & our god daughter. this weekend.. despite the rain, was definitely perfect'
b"wys, but that's gonna be fcked up that y'all loose y'all homecoming game smh i feel bad for y'all \xf0\x9f\x98\x82.."
b'quasimodo always held his head a little higher on wednesdays. you know why.'
b'friendsgiving to go to but now they changed it to next week, like fuck i know my brother gonna be upset, my nieces as well sad'
b"duh nigga i text you even tho you do not reply that's deep fine (nes ) just can not simp like them other 67 likes lbs"
b'quick check is such a thrilling place to work!'
b'quick pic before heading out. my hair so short i know'
b'quick! pretend you are sleeping! " this trick never gets old'
b'quick tip : dont talk to me when i have my headphones in'
b"quit posting pictures of your ultrasounds. we get it. you're a sex haver."
b"quote of the day you are the fries at the bottom of a mcdonald's bag. you may go unnoticed first, but someone will be thrilled to find you."
b'wow such a caring boyfriend.'
b'oh word dayum i was really hoping to hit it in the green with you'
b'rabbits jump and they live for 8 years. dogs run and they live for 15 years. turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. lesson learned.'
b'i wish i had witnessed that though i did see them dry humping practically over the the costa counter were you pick up drinks'
b'sound like backing vocalists grinning face'
b'racism, sexism and homophobia make no sense when there are so many perfectly good stupid people to hate.'
b"radish is a really accurate name for a vegetable because they're pretty cool but they're not that cool"
b'if you are a " terrorist " with an ak47 then you get death pen... what these guys did did not cause enough terror'
b"oh there's a surprise"
b'tbh i like the way you built this shit shack'
b'rain, a great way to start the day'
b'rain alarm is a great app!'
b'rain all god damn weekend while i am working, rain all day while i am up, finally in bed and no rain'
b"rain couldn't let my hair flourish for 5 minutes disappointed face"
b'rain & flats do not mix well. things i do for this interview'
b'rain fucked my hair up bad'
b'raining again what a surprise'
b'rain is just disrespectful to my hair.'
b'rain kind of made my hair look nice \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'buy faze rain apparel it boss got some for my self a while back great designs and got shirts to wear on a casual day'
b'rain & natural hair do not mix'
b'seeing how i am only 50% white, i can only guess at that one'
b'rain soothes the soul, much like feelings being released from deep within. such a great relief. i love how it manages to wash away my fears.'
b'rain tried to fuck my hair up. im back doe'
b'raise ur hand if ur a sarcastic and sassy little bitch'
b"raise ur hand if you're just a lil bitch with anger issues"
b'raise your hand if you dont know what youre doing with your life'
b"raise your hand if you're a lil bit of an asshole raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand"
b"raise your hand if you're a sassy lil bitch who eats and sleeps too much"
b'ran 3 miles in 27 mins and felt good. slow and foggy, but done!'
b"lol girl i do not let too many ppl babysit him right now. i want to wait until he's a little older \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'*randomly feels pain on a random part of my body* oh god here we go im gonna die'
b'eye test failing you then. by the way, you happen to see g shoot right into a guy on a 3v1? that was great'
b'rapper : i am killing snitches then i smoke a blunt get high and fuck they bitches *wins award* rapper : i just wanna thank god'
b'rappers sound worse performing live. like their album was much better than this smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rashod bet not be sleeping... wait he bet not be taking a long time to text back'
b"i know, it'll mean so many photographers will be taking much better pictures!"
b'rawr " does not mean " i love you " in dinosaur. you ever seen jurassic park? it means i am going to fucking eat you.'
b"as my 2wk old pair of sunglasses arm literally feel off whilst out i've had to glue them"
b"lmao i work the whole weekend it's gonna suck"
b'reaching into a pair of pants and finding a wad of money is a great feeling.. until the person wearing the pants starts screaming.'
b'reading my texts and not replying : the quickest way to get me mad af'
b'readings all day, now a 3 hour class'
b'reading someone\'s facebook status and thinking, " oh shut the hell up. "'
b'reading text messages while half asleep is like looking into the sun.'
b"reading twitter in the morning like it's the daily paper."
b"read more love, she just has an awesome design and is still a nice to think that when these two aren't being jerks to others that they a"
b'ready for an hour of intellectual discussion in art class.'
b'ready for another boring day of induction...'
b'ready for cardioooo runner'
b'ready for monday? unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'ready for this gauntlet this weekend.'
b'ready to get these test over so i can stop sleeping with my laundry.'
b'ready to read a manual.'
b'ready to slay these two tests'
b'40 percent of illegal aliens come by airplane. so what are you going to do about that?'
b'acts like a nazi, looks like a cheeto, talks like an idiot and smiles like a predator. oh, and his hands are fucking tiny'
b'if you really do have hair why do you put that thing on your head? inquiring minds want to know.'
b'just admit your bald, and stop fake tanning you look ridiculous. older men are sexy, go natural'
b'america is already great... you can make it better by dropping out grinning face with smiling eyes sorry not sorry.'
b'america will be a disgrace to the world a sexual assaulter is elected as potus, a great role model you will make.'
b'and you appear to trust your god so much you need guns to protect you, or are you gonna get security and make god pay for it?'
b'another golf course that is in debt trump???? if your involved i wont be surprised if it is the case.'
b'another innuendo seems to be a pattern i am not saying but i heard people talking'
b"anyone with half a brain can tell when smoke is being blown up their ass but we're talking about someone who has no brains"
b'because people are tired of your screwed up brain and the so called "words" that come out of your idiotic mouth!'
b'because there is no way to prove the documents. unlike you on sexual assault.'
b'can i have a million dollars? no political non-sense here, and i will not be paying it back, i just want a million dollars pls'
b'can not be trusted with our codes. he can not be trusted in the situation room making decisions'
b'if cnn were any more dishonest, theyd have to change their name to the obama network.'
b'hey trump asshole. if you are going to make fake pictures like this at least get the words lined up even moron'
b"corporate tax should be 10% unless we're not competing with ireland anymore. bring all of it back home."
b'could dive into a raging river to save a drowning child on the national news & would say " he\'s a dangerous prolifer "'
b"creative thinkers are transformative people misunderstood until they're met on a personal level. this is your missing link."
b'did you stop to think perhaps the way you say things could be interpreted many different ways. words like " i do not know ".'
b'donald she does not want to make america great, she wants to be great, and rich like you.'
b'donald\'s " time to replace your ac filters " reminder includes a note to " check current spouse\'s expiration date "'
b'do not apologize just start acting serious ignore the bullshit focus on winning like you say so great win and win and win!!!'
b'do not like the reporting? might i recommend you start telling the truth.'
b'election might be rigged we have the movement on our side we need to fight fight fight like never before throw the kitch...'
b'filled a stadium unfortunately can not not one empty seat in house'
b"funny the founder of the birther movement trying to act like he's not racist"
b'has been called out by hitler. now be a good little nazi and apologize to hitler.'
b"has struggled his entire life trying to put a single sentence together. he's functionally illitera\xe2\x80\xa6"
b'heard you needed to fill 5000 job positions well i am a hard working class supporter just a phone call away!'
b"here is an interesting stat: france's prison population is estimated to be 70 per cent muslim"
b'he will not be president for long. you can negotiate with the next president of mexico stop twitter fight be the bigger man.'
b'hey loser!!! if you have enough proud and self esteem. why do not you leave the race and let a good republican to compete?'
b'how many people have you put into the poor house?'
b"i'd hope that if you were a kremlin puppet, you'd be running a slightly better campaign"
b'if by cheating you mean telling the truth and proposing solid policy solutions - unfair'
b'if i had a dollar for every time you have said " believe me ", i would be richer than you purport to be!'
b"if jeb had of made the race the bushes would have fought like he'll against clinton ain't life a bitch"
b'if that means you promise to move to the uk forever and never come back, i promise to vote for you.'
b"if the blacks & latino's think the dems have their interest at heart they had better wake up. all they want is your vote.."
b'if you are going to everett, you should be visiting some tribes. that being said, i am not sure why you are visiting wa.'
b'if you follow me i will tell you some world breaking news about hillary'
b"i am just a toy, just a funny boy that makes you laugh when you're blue i'll do anything for you i am your puppet"
b'i am sure you will not have 15% of their vote.'
b'is a man who has built an entire campaign on racial resentment and name-calling'
b'is this legal? not that it would matter to you.'
b"i thought the polls were rigged??? oh not when it's in your favour, right got ya."
b"it's ashame when we worked so hard all our lives and can not afford to see a doctor and illegals get it free!"
b'i voted for you mr trump because i believe there needs to be a change. you talk like me and i think you want a change too.'
b'jeb bush was gov of florida to get gambling and a casino and he would not do it see you dont always get your way you lied'
b'jesus would leave the 99 to save 1 prove your not the wrong president no one will ask like i do i am not afraid to stand up'
b'judgement and brainpower have no relation to each other. if they did it would mean you do not have a brain at all.'
b'just do not understand how people can vote for hillary??? ok, so you do not like trump so you vote for a crook??? do not getit'
b'when you and your campaign monkeys make a coherent statement that makes any sense to anyone anywhere'
b'mr pres this is all i want from the left.https://t.co/xli9rxgiux'
b'hey looks just like a sanders rally : ask bernie how that turned out for him.'
b"must have hired a puppet-master ; he's not looking but he is looking like someone else is calling the shots."
b'my neighbors have taken your yard sign down and have not put it back up. loser!'
b'neither will you, mainly because you have no plan or clue'
b'no donald you are a sad excuse for a human being'
b"no i personally think you're funny as shit its not that i dont like you."
b'no longer completely filling stadiums as can be seen by the three empty seats back left of photo.'
b'now what the police have to do is arrest you. that would be a better day.'
b"my lawyers are begging to sue you ugly cheap racist ass. but i'll get them to hold off for now."
b"obama recons if donald is elected he's not standing down he absolutely should be standing down he's a scumbag"
b'on will immediately end poverty by deporting anyone who does not make at least 100k a year.'
b'you call that an interview. hell even looks like he is tired of your ignorant bullshit'
b'please be calm in the debate tonight,you gone crush her. she has nothing to show for after 30 years in the public office.'
b'- please - do something to counter this lopsided office count ok.. we can not lose this time sir.!!'
b'please tell hillary at the first debate, the reason i supported you financially in the past, was to prove you can be bought'
b'pls just stop do not become president of the usa and become a mcdonalds employee so you will not destroy the whole planet. thx'
b'probably because he is another rich man, when are the white working class learned that they were dissed'
b'put it on tv prime time every hour of every day!'
b"reminds me of the girl who's in a coma from drinking 2 gallons of cum."
b'are you going to have underage girls 2 service u?'
b'so do not feed into their traps ur doing exactly what they want. stick 2 the plan stick to ur speech do not ad lib anymore'
b'still a loser! win or loose, still an ugly loser! con with wee little hands & wee little whatever.'
b'stop spewing bullshit and the media will not have nearly as much to report about.'
b'students doing mock election today. was thinking about making the experience more real for non-white students by (1/2)'
b'sup fuck head im a mexican 20 year old do you want to deport me try it come on unless your to pussy to do it come on try me'
b"trump news conference. he lies, then lies about lying, then lies that he's not really lying and then lies again"
b'tell these folks about how you google searching how to suck your own dick without removing your ribs'
b'that is legacy of the last republican president who all you republicans conveniently forget about. war cost how much? hmm'
b"that's a load of bullshit! you do not have any regard for women. just like you have no regard/capacity to tell the truth."
b"that's because join mccain has a moral compass instead of being a terrible human being like you"
b"the only redeeming quality of todays media is seeing proof that you're not the dumbest person around."
b'they can all fit in your head? wow! have you seen someone about this?'
b'they stopped him before he reached his goal. hoping the same thing for you.'
b'this is sad for ben carson when are people going to get it with this guy? wow'
b'this what you think it takes to lead a country?'
b'trump will not reveal his plans for foreign& domestic policies because he has no plans he does not even understand'
b'you lie way more than that and you dont seem to care, so who the fuck you think you are to judge others?'
b'you seem to be obsessed with the must really respect them.'
b'we are all ready great! quit trying to screw it up'
b'we can not let her win! you are doing great, love the plans for your first 100 days as potus. can you lay out some of ur cabinet?'
b"we live in a politically correct society that does not want to hurt anyone's feelings. see where that got us?"
b'wether you win or loose come nov you will be the loser but if you stand down now they will redicule you but be the wiser'
b'we will pray you win just because of your innocent stand on terrorism be it any form.\xe2\x80\xa6'
b'what a fool. everyone knows you can not stop niggers from being niggers. the only way to stop them is kill them.'
b'what did everyone except but a lie. she can not fart without telling a lie.'
b"what's it like to know that millions and millions of people think that you're a pilot shit"
b'what? you have to meet you to know what a jerk you are? hell your out there advertising it every day.'
b'while your at it why do not you release your health reports that are written by a doctor not you'
b'will soon be facing the reality of eating alone as the lunch room will be filled with all the ppl he offended'
b"yeah donald, you respect everyone, you tell the truth and you've been married just once..."
b'yes is copying you the difference is she does not have the people... 50 people or less.'
b'you are going to be a great president! i hope that one day, those who oppose you, will one day thank you.'
b'you are the greatest american con man i am the history of the usa. many people say that the fib my be close to arresting you'
b"you are the swamp,u are disgusting. go to hell it's where you belong."
b'you can not close history. this is why it is called history dufus.'
b'you have never been with the common person no matter the race'
b'you need to read matthew 12:25-26. a house divide against it self can not stand. you need the republican to win.'
b"you pussy you can not fight your way out of a paper bag. 50 years ago you couldn't either. pussy i would whip your ass."
b'your clothing line should be made in the usa and provide your tax returns! what are you hiding?'
b"you're a fucking joke. you can not fix a sandwich you piece of shit. fuck off already and get putin's dick out of your ass."
b'your still 3 issues away.. from being president people my vote because of popularity. but they make decisions on issues.'
b'you seem to be the problem and not the answer.'
b'real friends do not get offended when you call them bad names, they smile and call you something more offensive.'
b'how good is the transport system lol'
b'realizing my boat shoes got water marks from all of the rain.'
b'realizing that you only shaved one leg'
b'good cant wait to see it! after i go to sleepim so tired i feel like im turning into you and corie man all ya do is sleep \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'did you just sneeze? because you gave me a virus of love.. aww'
b'what a feeling is a great song smile'
b'really all i want is for someone to feel the same way about me as i do for them'
b'really annoyed with my parents for instilling good manners and a sense of decency in me.'
b'really enjoyed breaking down in epping forest'
b'really enjoy wakin up early'
b'really feelin the love from everbody'
b'really glad lakeside topshop can pick up a phone'
b'really glad that my final draft is gonna be bomb'
b'really gonna suck going back to school and normal life after such an awesome weekend disappointed face'
b"really hate how i have to go to school for and hour today and it's my fav subject math! unamused face"
b'really hope i did not have any more homework than precalc bc if i did i am not doin it lol good school'
b'really hope i got an a or b on that test because i feel like i did great! but watch me get an f neutral face'
b'really hoping i get hit by like an airplane or something when i walk outside tomorrow'
b'really in a horrible mood so do not piss me off anymore than i already am. thanks'
b'really in the mood for watching some classic iom tt action tonight. the foggy/hislop battle before bed sounds good'
b'really like being lied to constantly by the people that " love me "'
b'really looking forward to cycling through the rain.'
b'really looking forward to that 11 hour day at work sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'really love hearing police sirens going off all night. really makes me feel safe down here oncoming police car'
b'really love public school smile'
b'really need a fag but have not got time?'
b"really not all that upset that the titans aren't playing well. sucks to suck."
b'really not excited to wake up at 6am tomorrow confounded face unamused face \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'really not look forward to this evening... on bright side least todays pay day'
b'really sucks when both your classes get cancelld..'
b"really surprised that martha does not have experience making this on she's usually really confident, despite her age!"
b'really thought 2016 was going to be a good year, but here we are 5 months in and i think that ship sailed a long time ago'
b'really wanting to go on a night time longboard cruise, to bad i am not allowed around campus alone.. i love sketchy neighborhoods.'
b'really wish my nigga would get his shit together'
b'really wish my team went to regionals this weekend but uk we suck :))))'
b'really working on keeping positive vibes'
b"really?! you're gonna go to my family and start saying crap about me?! are you seriously that dumb?!"
b'ryan was wrong - for matt to say pulling a gun, holding someone against their will and demanding money is negotiating absurd'
b'if tony can stay healthy for 16 games then i am with you on the mvp talk'
b'very calm and poised in the pocket scans the field well check down all receivers'
b'when you tweet something that actually makes sense i do a double take and reboot my device, more rare then an alien attack'
b'would you please stop pounding the desk or get something to mask your pen and hand hitting the desk every 5 seconds.'
b'real talk : ignore people who hate on you :3 they are just jealous of you being fabulous and cool ~ let them hate. you have to appreciate smile \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"realtree romeo and genuine gent are literally the biggest pieces of shit i've ever seen on twitter."
b'to man i hope your having a better day... just make sure your having fun.. i get burnt out sometimes bro'
b'reasons i reluctantly invite people over : a ) my siblings b ) getting stuck babysitting c ) my brother running around naked'
b'reasons to date me :1:2:3:4:5: please lol'
b'reasons to date me :1. no one will try and steal me from you 2. sometimes im funny'
b"reasons to date me : we'd eat pizza and listen to good music together."
b'reasons to get out of bed : food'
b'reasons why i am still single : heavy check mark can not date the internet. heavy check mark can not date my favorite celebrity. heavy check mark can not date twitter. heavy check mark can not date myself.'
b"reasons why i stop replying :1. i am busy 2. you're boring 3. i am mad 4. you replied with one word 5. i am on twitter 6. i am eating"
b'reason why i check my voice mail... 5% because i care about my missed calls, 95% to remove that annoying icon.'
b"good (also, we need to actually study or hang out sometime soon - we're in too many classes together to not do this! ) smile"
b'as a psychologist, i have to wonder if michelangelo sculpted him this way to feel better about his own attributes? hmmm...'
b'recap of this drill weekend : rain + mud + shooting = dirty ass uniform. god bless this shower i am bout to get in'
b'recipes need more than 1 picture of the finished product. pics of varying degrees of screw ups from you did it! to call poison control.'
b'recoiling plume mudguard has got your back when cycling through the rain'
b'recoiling has your back when cycling through city rain'
b'redact really do not care i been working my ass off all week, even my day off, can not even go home a day early. friday traffic here i come.'
b"reese's instagram bio literally makes no sense ha"
b'ugh! i have to wait till tomorrow when i get home from school. mockingjay part 2 played with my emotions idk if i could'
b'its pouring good'
b'registered for my classes next quarter and i have no school on fridays face with stuck out tongue and winking eye \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"looks like she's having a blast. put on my dance playlist dancing crazy when i am cleaning, my parrots always join in.. so fun"
b'politics are the problem, not men. unfortunatly these policemen have to respect the law and make other ppl respect it... \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'we live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity'
b'relationships are like batteries, they have a positive & a negative side. and you end up whacking your remote instead of changing them.'
b"relationships are like garage sales : from a distance it looks like something interesting but up close it's just a lot of shit you do not need"
b"relationships are like garage sales. from a distance they look interesting but up close it's just a bunch of crap you do not need."
b'relationships include : fight jeaousy arguments faith tears disagreements. but real relationships fight through all that with love. smile'
b"relationships should come with an icon that shows you how much time you have left like your phone's battery."
b'relationship status : can not wait for monday so that i start working again'
b'relationship status : nowhere near as happy as those couples from the erectile dysfunction commercials.'
b'relationship status : putting aloe on the wall and rubbing against it to apply in places that i can not reach.'
b'religion is like a buffet. people take what they like and ignore the rest.'
b'reloading every few seconds as if something is going to happen'
b'remember before wwa dc some radio guy was talking about only harry and i yelled that i love all of them equally and brittany was like.'
b'remembering you have a massive exam in a few days.'
b'remember, remember the 5th of november. " - what the fawkes says'
b'remember the five simple rules to be happy : free your heart from hatred. free your mind from worries. live simply. give more. expect less.'
b'remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. push and pull.'
b'remember things will get worse before they get better. but when they do, remember who put you down and who helped you up.'
b'remember when chase finally texted zoey that he loves her on his tekmate but then the dumb ass bitch drops her phone into a water fountain'
b"remember when ****** made fun of me in elementary school bc i had big lips and now she's getting injections lol"
b'remember when you were 9 and you were carrying ur little razor scooter and it would hit ur achilles and it felt like the earth was collapsing'
b"remember when you thought people in their 20's were adults? hahahahahaha (help me )"
b'remember when you use to be able to call someone 57 times, and hang up, and they never knew it was you? good times.'
b"reminder : tomorrow is my birthday \xe2\x98\x85 'just wanted to confirm '"
b'*reminiscing on elementary school* anonymous : " thnx for leaving me out guys " me : " oh wait that\'s when you were still homeschooled shiiiiiiiz "'
b"yes, it's not good imo. i am hoping they get their shit together for s2. needs better acting and writing."
b'i can not wait to see it love you, love that tongue more lol'
b'repeating the same tweets you posted a week ago, wtf is your mind repeating things awesome'
b'replacing my heart with another liver so i can drink more and care less.'
b"republicans do love a 'cause ' - why did not they put their money into helping child poverty instead of 'yes ' stickers and flags?"
b'research paper calc hw calc test sociology projects sociology test physics hw chemistry hw " senior year is going to be fun " exactly expressionless face unamused face'
b'stop being a fag, i need to do something for hope'
b'respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.'
b'respect your superiors. they made it through high school without google or wikipedia.'
b'resting bitch face saves me from so many conversations i do not want to be apart of'
b"i've missed some episodes of bc homework and stuff but i love spoilers yo lemme know who shot annalise"
b'restroom hand dryers are a great way to warm your hands before wiping them on your jeans.'
b'retweet if somebody is on your mind.'
b'retweet if you joined twitter because your family is on facebook.'
b'retweet if you pretend to think hard when your teacher is looking at you.'
b"retweet if you're excited to see our new photoshoot + collection at \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f sparkles"
b"retweet if you're single af"
b'retweet if you smile at the bitches who hate you.'
b"retweet this if you're not the same person that you were a year ago."
b'retweet this with your tongue! (95% of people can not do it )'
b'may it is time for retirement & give way for younger person.'
b'please do not use this view of hrc again. i find it offensive. also find offensive any other view of hrc. thank you.'
b'this what you will get from hillary clinton, obama bringing all those people in. trump wants to suspend that for a while f safety'
b'why the dems have done such a good job of dividing police and citizens?!'
b'revenge? i am too lazy. im just going to sit here and let karma mess you up'
b'will i know what you did last summer be on ur album that your working on?'
b"r/fo4 comments arguing on who's the best companion/waifu"
b'he sure is \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 its fantastic knowing we have 3 very good 7s in the squad. all world class in my opinion'
b'what a load of rubbish sorry richard white funny'
b"rich people stay rich by living like they're broke. broke people stay broke by living like they're rich."
b"that's what i've been trying to say. your a racist and your brother harper."
b'indeed they are as im going to shove paper well somewhere sun dont shine face with tears of joy face with tears of joy as my teen telling me who to vote for mmm'
b'are you going to rt the less flattering reviews of i have not seen it yet, but i wanna be angry about it.'
b"isn't that what the jews, christians, and muslims have been doing for a long time now, anyway?"
b'i think slough has to be a very close second favourite to free love freeway, i listen to them once a week before i beat my mrs'
b'not me. i think this tweet was all right. no problem with it.'
b'ask her, "if we play spin the bottle in outer space how long would it take before you held me in your arms?"'
b'why do these gender equal fag millennials feel the need to point out the " victim " was female'
b'right before i die i am going to say " i left a million dollars in the... "'
b'right... i am gonna attempt to stay awake to sort my sleep schedule out!'
b"right now a fedex driver is dropkicking your christmas gift onto someone's front porch."
b'right now i feel like izzy when she only shaved one leg'
b'right now i just wanna get an a in human a &p'
b"right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb."
b'right ok college can crash and burn literally fed up. the homework is a piss take.'
b'right when we were about to start our exam the fire alarm came on talk about perfect timing. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'do not know why i am worried about you but somethings been bothering you and you dont tell nobody so they assume its me but only i can see?'
b"are you aware that caused such a scene that the pple who want me dead identified me?i backed off cause if the can not me they'll find you"
b'ha a part of me hopes not grinning face with smiling eyes did enjoy hearing more of your plain ol voice tho, was different from the usual uguu'
b"probably 2 players that you'd never have in your pocket"
b'rio... well played yesterday you looked like you tried really hard to stop united scoring..'
b"rip diesel! you were a true hero and will never be forgotten. thank you for your service. we'll take it from"
b'rip facebook. too many of our parents joined.'
b'how you will be missed ha'
b"rip to all of the money i've spent on food this semester"
b'rip to all the songs i can not listen to anymore because they bring back bad memories'
b'r. i. p to all those good makeup & outfit days no one important saw'
b"r. i. p to everyone who fucked me over, played me, tried me or lied to me, because you're are all dead to me."
b'rip to the couples that will break up this week bc they can only see each other at school'
b"comes from what you're doing -"
b"riskiest text i've sent in a really long time. let's hope it wasn't a waste."
b'rite now is a bad time bc i want to be left alone by everyone, and i, mean absolutely everyone, even the people i actually love lol'
b"thank you very much, it means a lot to me! still have to understand a few things, i've never taken drawing lessons smile"
b"of course they are & we ain't mass spying on new zealanders either"
b": when we were preparing to get married, the registrar said we couldn't have angels played as it was religious?"
b"reading your feed is worse than the insomnia that lead to it... son of a bitch... it's like a co-ed volleyball players ass."
b'i know i will not get a response but i really enjoyed civil war.'
b"rob told me he was gunna drop kick me in the ovaries... well ain't you a great bestfrand!"
b'think magath may have seen our tweets, and used them as half time pep talk.'
b'rock bottom is when you get dinner at the same place you buy your gas'
b'rocket is starting pre-foundation classes so he can learn to do agility like these lucky puppies. i love this'
b'happy birthday living legend. i wish you a very great day with your family. i miss you very much. n. 1 for me forever.'
b"tell me you have not forgotten your twitter password.. just tell me that and i'll shut up"
b'roger & over good morning this is god! i will b handling all of your today i will need your help, so have a miraculous day'
b'internet and cable down for the second time in the past 3 days'
b': ruth davidson is the true and able leader of a future scotland. " that\'s me convinced! i am voting no now'
b'\xe2\x99\xaa roll roll roll your hoe fuck her till she screams bust a nut smack her butt then pass her to the team \xe2\x99\xaa \xe2\x99\xaa'
b"love you guys. it's fine there is no vlog today. ignore those ones who disagree. hope your day off is good"
b'you always put a smile on my face when im done and i love you and thank so much for that kepp up your grreat work love u!'
b'romeo and juliet killed themselves for their love, so i think you can at least answer my text message.'
b'hi romi, have a great night at the event dinner. you look absolutely stunning in your white dress!'
b'mom gave me dayquil thinking it was nyquil, so i feel better, but i am still awake at 3 am smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah i am hoping i can hit four or five tomorrow'
b"rose not travelling to belgrade means he'll probably start on sunday."
b'roses are red i have a phone nobody texts me forever alone a short poem by me.'
b"roses are red violets are blue faces like yours belong in the zoo do not be mad i'll be there too not in the cage but laughing at you"
b'roses are red heavy black heart violets are blue when i flush the toilet i remember you'
b"roses are white nightlock is blue it's called catching fire not hunger games 2."
b'"... once we get to the manor, i promise i\'ll attempt to rest again. sometimes writing has helped me sleep for a little bit. "'
b"can see catalonia's position as they want their own independence but north korea, what an alley to have."
b'roughly 70% of the contacts in my phone are restaurants, because i like food a lot more than people.'
b'has the restaurant opened? been out of town, and really looking forward to rowhouse!'
b'rt 10% boys only chat with girls on the rest 90% boys chat with fake accounts.. smile'
b'rt 12 - year - olds drinking alcohol to forget pain, like yeah dude, sit down and snort some rasna.'
b'rt 14 year olds updating " i drink to forget " me : wtf you trynna forget, the multiplication table?'
b'rt 15 years of hardwork in study and the only thing i remember is.. " mitrochondria is the power house of cell "'
b'rt 1 hundred years of " i have no idea what i am doing "'
b"rt 2016:if you sing your ex's song, you are back together face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'rt 2 minutes maggi takes about 8 -10 minutes to cook this is the reason i have trust issues!'
b"rt 2 things that pissed me off this morning :1. accidentally broke my iphone's screen. 2. i do not have an iphone."
b'rt 3am - 5am the time when genius minds either go to sleep or wake up (probably go to sleep... after all that gaming )'
b"rt 3 horrible facts 1. today isn't friday 2. tomorrow isn't friday 3. the day after tomorrow isn't friday"
b'rt 50 shades of " i donno what the fcuk i am doing with my life "'
b'rt 70 percent of my problems will be solved if i am rich and the remaining 40 percent, if i am good at maths unamused face'
b'rt 7 year old son - where is mom? dad - she is preparing food! son - *dad dont know its photosynthesis ha *'
b'rt 80% of people have met the person they are gonna marry and rest 20% are us'
b'rt about to have threesome with my life and my career'
b'rt about to send myself lot of gifts so that i can go like, omg! who send all these please tell'
b'rt absolute sarcasm is " to kill a mockingbird " not teaching you one thing about killing a mockingbird.'
b'rt a burglar broke into my house yesterday night. he said he was looking for money. and guess what? we teamed up.'
b'rt a bus station is where a bus stops. a train station is where a train stops. on my desk, i have a workstation'
b'rt according to a survey only 18 people per 1000 have vehicles. i think nowadays they only count mercedes as a vehicle :3'
b'rt according to indian parents switching off the fan is more effective than alarm to wake up somebody.'
b'rt according to my parents i am jon snow... cause i know nothing'
b"rt a cigarette is the only consumer product which when used as directed kills it's consumer."
b'rt *addiction to music* friend : how far away your home from college? me : " only 4 songs away ".'
b'rt adding " do you know " before a sentence to make your point strong'
b'rt admit it, the last time you saw your pendrive is before lending it to your friend.'
b'rt adult life is when your dark circles are bigger than your friends circle.'
b'rt a four-letter word that can distract you from your studies? no dear, its not love its wifi.'
b'rt after break up, keep ur crush ringtone & alarm tone same, so tat you can dismiss it and wake up as you wish'
b'rt after hearing girls jokes, i feel like i am kapil sharma'
b'rt after making girlfriend i came to know that chocolates of more than 100 rupees are available in the market.'
b"rt 'after rainy season ' is the best excuse of parents for not buying shoes, mobiles, etc for us"
b'rt after sunday, monday and tuesday, even the week says wtf!'
b'rt after watching a superhero movie i feel like a big guy... but then my mom scolds me and i come back to reality'
b'rt after watching " deadpool ", i realized that super heroes are getting really interesting.'
b'rt a girls agenda is pretty clear i can call you but i wont i can message you but naaah'
b'rt a guy looks both side before crossing one way guy 2: bro this is one way guy 1: bro there are female drivers everywhere face screaming in fear'
b'rt a guy standing at subway and ordering for the first time looks more confusing than standing in final semester viva.'
b'rt a human is a social animal, who does not tolerate his relatives'
b'rt is proof that you do not have to be good at what you do to be in the business'
b'rt akbar had 36 wives and over 300 women in his harem! and here am waiting for my crush to text back!'
b'rt a kid asked me what is stress i locked him in a room with high speed internet and 1% battery.'
b'rt alexander graham bell would be so proud that his groundbreaking invention is being used for taking duckface selfies.'
b'rt all i see is " " and i still do not know who she is'
b'rt all is good but i do not even have that girl in life who could friendzone me. smile'
b'rt all men are good either good for something or good for nothing.'
b'rt all my life i have done so many wrong things, but never been a dog on snapchat'
b'rt all my role models are playboys and i am here still like a potato.'
b'rt all that cocaine in the world and your nose is still in my business?'
b'rt all the poojas and nehas together can form a new nation.'
b'rt all these students gets gadget/vehicles for scoring good i would have my own house till now.'
b'rt " always bring the banana to your mouth, never bring your mouth to the banana ".'
b'rt always in a queue i hate the people infront of me and those who are behind me looks cool.'
b"rt a man is not complete until he is married... then he's finished"
b"rt a man's nothing is nothing, a woman's nothing is hell everything from earth to moon and back."
b'rt a man who has 8 packs already said that he wanted a much more stronger physique. what he wants to become? a stone?'
b'rt a man who has no imagination has no wings...! *le me : i hav a gf and im a millionaire'
b"rt a mistake is always a mistake on twitter because you ain't got any edit options."
b'rt am i the one who gets up late cuz i dont know what to do early morning'
b'rt am i the only one who can relate to the " smelly cat " song?'
b'rt am i the only one who thinks that all wrestlers should be nominated for an acting oscar'
b"rt am i the only one who thinks that 'flying chappal recieved ' posts are stupid?"
b'rt and if your mom does not add one more spoon after you say, " that\'s enough! " then you surely are \'adopted \' face with tears of joy'
b'rt and that list is quite short. short. exactly what she said. face with cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'rt and then one day we left our classroom and never returned.'
b'rt and then there are people who order popcorn at theatres but get hidden in toilet when they hear tc is coming.'
b"rt and when you realise the moment wasn't right to be sarcastic still you be like idgaf, i was awesome"
b'rt a population of over a billion and we still need toothpastes and deodorants to get closer. - india.'
b'rt apparently i snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car i am driving.'
b'rt apple inc. are so self obsessed that they have an " i " in all their devices.'
b'rt a recent study shows that your facebook friends are not interested in the minute by minute updates of your relationship'
b'rt - are you okay?! - no, i just saw your face!'
b'rt arranged marriage is just another way of saying " match fixing! "'
b'rt as an indian i must recommend you to never watch baghban with parents.'
b"rt as if push and pull were not enough to make me look stupid, somebody genius invented'slide to open '."
b"rt as i have grown older, i've learned that pleasing everyone is impossible, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake."
b'rt a sister is equalent to a mother until she eats away the cake in the fridge.'
b'rt " a snail can sleep for 3 years continuously ". - reason why i want another life.!.'
b'rt a study suggests an average person checks their phone 80 times a day finally i am above average at something'
b"rt a subjective type question become an objective type's answer key if you remove 'prove that ' from it."
b'rt at any point in life if you feel like people are ignoring you just think about the 2nd page of google search face with tears of joy'
b'rt at first they are average and when you leave them, they become the hottest creature on mother other.'
b'rt at marriages old people poke me and tell that i am next to get married, i do the same at funerals expressionless face'
b'rt aunt : you should watch knowledgeable series. me : like game of thrones? face with tears of joy'
b'rt *auto correct be like* i am very happy to have you in my life please do not live.'
b'rt a wise man once said be playful, it destroys ego. but he didnot say whose ego.'
b"rt a woman is always right even she puts the left indicator she'll turn right."
b'rt awsome is when your autocorrect takes " insane " as " indian "'
b'rt back then she had a crush on me now she has enough money to crush me over'
b'rt bad guys in movies : " but before i kill you, i want to tell you this really long story so you can be saved. " (-_-\')'
b'rt banks should avail an offer " we give you credit card and will not disturb you for the rest of the life "'
b'rt basically when people suck the life out of you, would not it be nice if they took some fat & bad luck too.'
b'rt *batch 2003 get -together* he - i had a crush on you she - i had a boyfriend'
b"rt battery of my trimmer wasn't workin.. got a new 1 then shaved its not a remote you see..!"
b'rt beach romantic travel destinations. made for the young. affordable only by the old.'
b'rt before i was married, i didnt even know there was a wrong way to put the milk back in the fridge.'
b'rt before - keep distance from tv or you will get spects now - wear spects, this world of vitual reality'
b'rt being able to instantly respond with sarcasm within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy mind.'
b'rt being a pizza delivery boy is awesome.. because no one is disappointed to see you'
b'rt being a th9 player in coc, i get more respect than getting 9 cgpa see no evil monkey'
b'rt being blown was just like your grades they both suck.'
b'rt being born into your parents religion is the first time you agree to terms and conditions without reading them'
b'rt being middle class, the only english song i love is the one whose lyrics i get.'
b'rt being " phantom zoned " is a lot better than being " friend zoned ".'
b"rt being selfish isn't a hard thing, just be my girlfriend"
b'rt being told you mean a lot to someone is such a good feeling dizzy symbol'
b'rt best ever quote written in the cancer hospital, " tobacco companies kills their best customers "'
b'rt bestfriend : person who takes ur jokes seriously and laughs on ur serious quotes face with cold sweat'
b"rt best friend says : a wise man once said to break things and so let's begin with your nose."
b'rt ****best pun ever **** what do you call a snobbish con going down the stairs a condescending con descending mic drop'
b'rt best thing about new generation would be that we can watch geme of thrones with them! face with tears of joy'
b'rt biggest joke of the century : computers & mobile were invented to save our time.'
b'rt billion underprivileged faces thank fb everyday for making them feel privileged.'
b'rt bisleri is the mountain water, i wonder if ants piss before filling the mountain water in bottles worry'
b'rt blaming video games for violence is like blaming your pen for failing your exam'
b'rt boy : how are you girl : f9 boy : what..? girl : fine & what are you doing? boy : f5 girl : what? boy : refreshing'
b'rt boys goes to bathroom :- takes 2 minutes girls goes to bathroom -: takes 20 minutes and 50 + selfies'
b'rt boys life - get up and ready in 5min making hair 30 min'
b'rt boy : will you go out with me this weekend? girl : sorry. i am having a headache this weekend!'
b'rt bullets are the only things that do their job only after they are fired.'
b'rt [burglar gently waking me up ] " you live like this? "'
b'rt buying expensive shoes is not a big deal, but convincing your friends its expensive is really a big deal.'
b"rt by the grace of god, i've everything except beautiful hand writing."
b'rt call a girl beautiful she will not notice call her fat n see chaos coming ur way coz elephants are big creatures'
b'rt can gossip girl come back with a spin off about chuck and blair after marriage? i would binge watch the crap out of that'
b'rt can i skip to the part of my life where i am financially stable and have someone to sleep next to every night'
b'rt can you back off my best friend? before you piss me off too, that would be great thanks unamused face'
b'rt celebs become more popular after they die'
b"rt censor board does not cut anything in bhai's movies because to cut anything there should be something face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b"rt censor board is the reason we'll never have a biopic on virat kohli"
b"rt censor board's logic : show vulgarity but hide reality"
b'rt " change can not be always given to you, you must bring change yourself " - an autowala to his passanger'
b"rt cheating bf to gf.. it is not the person who's bad, it's the circumstances.. period!"
b'rt childhood : the time when you did all your holiday homework seriously.'
b"rt child's experience : if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests."
b'rt china is about to test 7g and in india people are still forwarding that whats app message to 8 grps hoping for a miracle.'
b'rt christopher nolan is gonna be so pleased with indians who take photos while trying to take photos.'
b'rt cigarette is the only thing which gives you what they promise on the packet.'
b'rt *cling* me : if you can not handle me at my worst, kindly leave. because i do not have good side am awful always'
b"rt cocaine is god's way of telling you you are making too much money."
b'rt college is like losing your mom in the grocery store for 4 years'
b'rt commited* gets jealous of single friends* single *gets jealous of commited friends *'
b'rt congragulations! did pressing the elevator button 3 times in a row help you get there light fast?\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x92'
b'rt congratulations! by pressing the elevator button 3 times you ve forced it to come in hurry mode!'
b'rt congratulations, if you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode \xe2\x80\x93 really'
b'rt *conversation with crush* me : hey, what kind of music you like? she : anything at a volume where i can not hear you!'
b'rt cop :do you know how fast you were going? me :my snapchat selfie says 45 cop :lmao add me'
b'rt coughing in front of smokers to make them feel guilty'
b'rt count yourself as one of the most patient & tolerant people if you are still using 2g.'
b'rt crush : i can not even stand you for more than 10 sec. me : great! add me on snapchat.'
b"rt dad : how's ur ma 'am look like? son : you look like my husband. dad : wtf? son : that's what she says everyday to me."
b'rt dads gonna chappet moms gonna belannet i am still gonna procrastinate'
b'rt dad :why have not you gone to write ur examination? son :dad do not disturb i am preparing for my exams face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt dad : you do realize that one day you will have to pay for all your own things. me : yeah but today is not that day.'
b"rt dare those school kids posting gpa's and percentages to do the same during college. face with tears of joy"
b'rt dat awkward moment, when you realise that d only thing dat comes naturally to you is self-deprecating humour.'
b"rt days have turned from'thug life ' to ' jhaand life '"
b'rt dead people are coming back in game of thrones and here i wait for a text back from my crush :/@sarcastic_us'
b"rt dear alarm, when i turn you on, please do not show me how many hours of sleep i'll have, its depressing!"
b'rt dear auto-correct, please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. you piece of shot!'
b'rt dear facebook, if you really cared about me you would not show memories that are 3 years old.'
b'rt dear girlfriend, i am not saying i hate you but if you get hit by a bus i will be driving that bus. lots of love.'
b'rt dear girls, before you try to find someone who treat you like a princess, learn how to cook first atleast.'
b'rt dear girls marry that guy who goes to bank with a pen, they are the most responsible people!'
b'rt dear guys, person raising both hands in celebration next time a girl brother zone you, file a case aksing for share in his fathers wealth'
b'rt dear math, please grow up and solve your own problems. im tired of solving them for you.'
b"rt dear maths, i am sick tired of finding your 'x '.. just accept the fact that she is gone move on dude smile"
b"rt dear parents, we know money does not grow on trees, that's why we are asking you for it."
b'rt dear relatives, when i say i want to kill you that does not mean i do not love you it is just because i want you free you frm dis world.'
b"rt death is god's way of saying you are fired. suicide is humans way of saying, i quit."
b"rt deja poo : the feeling that you've heard this crap before."
b"rt deleting one 'ha ' from your 'hahahahahahaha ' because you feel like it's too much of haha."
b'rt dhoni named his daughter ziva - may be he wanted her to be best finisher in class attendance!'
b'rt did something bad happen to you, or are you just naturally this terrible of a person?'
b'rt did you get a haircut? me : no i dyed the tips of my hair invisible'
b'rt " did you just fall? " " no. i attacked the floor. " " backwards!? " " i am freaking talented! "'
b'rt did you know? lack of light is the cause of darkness.'
b'rt did you know? science proves that most people are born on their birthday.'
b'rt difference between real laugh and fake laugh in chat real : hahaa fake : ha'
b"rt difference btwn girl's argument nd knife - knife has a point."
b"rt disney : we'll draw eyelashes on minnie so you know she's female animators : but men have eyelashes too disney : lol"
b'rt doc : hoping for a boy or a girl? guy : was hoping to pull out, but here we are'
b'rt doctor, my nose is 11 inches long! come back when it grows into a foot face with tears of joy'
b"rt doctors after operation and students after examination says the same ' just pray to god '"
b"rt doctor : take this medicine emply stomach 3 times a day me : i've never had an empty stomach since 2001 buddy"
b'rt doctor : why did you take your medicine at 6 am yet i told you 9 am..? boy : i wanted to surprise the bacteria'
b'rt does any girl around the world ever wished for a sarcastic boyfriend?'
b'rt do it for the people who want to see you fail... expressionless face'
b'rt do not count your chickens before they hatch... they said, do not pay before service... they never said'
b'rt dont fall in love because everything that falls vets body slammed by jhon cena.'
b'rt do not fall in love with her on social media, any minute she can become he.'
b'rt do not know about inner child, but my inner sarcasm keeps popping up every now & then.'
b'rt do not know what is more neglected, ios update or middle child.'
b"rt do not let your mind wander, it's far too small to be let out on its own."
b'rt " do not like me, cool i do not wake up to impress you " is the most overused caption of all time.'
b'rt do not worry about what people think. they do not do it very often.'
b"rt do not worry if you had a bad day, remember there are people who have their ex girlfriend's name tattooed."
b'rt do not worry password, my life is more unsecured than you.'
b'rt do not worry when your knowledge is too poor or your handwriting is enough bad, in hindi. congrats! you know'
b'rt do not you just love it when " accidentally " spills freezing cold water down you when it\'s -10000 degrees.'
b'rt do you ever wonder what ur most noticeable feature is like what do people see first when they look at you'
b'rt " do you know any example of a double negative? " " i do not no. "'
b'rt drawing is the 2nd best thing in which hand works while imagining.. " should i mention the 1st one "?'
b"rt *driving at high speed* police : you're fined me : but sir i am learning p : without teacher? me : yes, i am from iin"
b'rt due to these stupid television serials, girls are getting scared of any casual omitting'
b'rt each morning gravity around the bed is 10 times stronger.'
b'rt early to bed, early to rise make your girlfriend talk to other guys'
b"rt either i am jobless af or conversing with 10 different people at a time. there's no in-between."
b"rt engineering students : that's what we do. we study and we forget things."
b'rt engineers are single af that the only lubricant they know is oil!'
b'rt english is such an abusive language. i mean " a bc d ". wtf!'
b"rt even delhi's weather is having mood swings."
b'rt even facebook has many faces. no one is true.'
b"rt even if i was to be a sharmaji's son,, i dont think i could be a topper in my class...!"
b'rt even i, myself, am unsure when i say : " just 5 mins "'
b'rt even my cellular says she is out of your reach *crush *'
b'rt ever felt non reputed think about the people on fb who comment : like and comment back with hundreds of characters'
b'rt ever morning i was like " welcome to the real world. it sucks. you\'re gonna love it!'
b'rt every 60 sec. there is someone who posts a positive quote but never implements it on him/herself.'
b'rt every break up has a story mine was just denied to share pizza with her.'
b"rt every country has an independence day except britain because they're the one's everyone was seeking independence from"
b'rt every day dinner story me : hey dad can you pass the salts dad :i dont know, can you pass the semeste'
b'rt everyday sunny leone creates a history which is being cleared by guys before going to sleep.'
b'rt every girl i met has a boy friend and every boy i met is single.. who are these girls dating? aliens?'
b'rt every girl needs a boyfriend, because you can not always blame the government for everything'
b'rt every morning my bed becomes center of gravity of the universe, very difficult to leave...'
b'rt everyone at home wakes up early coz of the alarm i set and i still keep snoozing it.'
b'rt everyone has a story to tell. but all you need is a person who would listen patiently. white smiling face'
b'rt everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege.'
b"rt everyone wanna live someone's life in my case i wanna live lord krishna's life just imagine thousands of wives smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'rt everyone : yeahhhhh... today is sunday smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes me : what the fishhh! tomorrow is monday... damnnn! \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'rt " everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind always "'
b'rt everything in the world is either potato or not a potato.'
b'rt every time i sit on meditation before night studies, i get up in the morning'
b'rt every woman is an open book... written in a language you can not comprehend.'
b'rt exact maturity is when we come to know that 5star and diary milk are products of the same company smile smile'
b'rt exams are good they make me realise i can sit idle for 3 hours without my phone.'
b'rt ex :hey he : " if you become a mother, can i have one of the puppies "'
b'rt expecting a job after engineering is like, seeing your crush and thinking she will be your gf one day...! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt experience is a wonderful thing. it enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.'
b"rt ex's friend - im sorry on her behalf me - congratulations, i hate you too"
b'rt facebook is telling me to " reconnect " with my brother... hmmm, i see him everyday grinning face'
b'rt facebook is the only place, where one can feel lonely with 85 others on just one bed in a single room.'
b'rt facebook memories shows that how stupid we were. we shares them again to prove that still there is no change.'
b'rt facebook : we care about you thats why we have angels!'
b'rt fact : neil a. first man out of space is backward spelled alien.'
b'rt fall in love with someone who works harder to save the relationship like virat kohli saves his matches!'
b'rt fat girls should be socially accepted fat boys should go to gym and have abs.'
b'rt fb is the only place where antisocial people compete with each other to show off how much they socialize.'
b'rt feminists are people who cant accept the fact that ross and rachel were on a break'
b'rt few days ago in a shopping mall a kid called me uncle smile + &gt ;_ < ;.. i feel you girls'
b'rt figured out today that my gps has autocorrect.. i put in " beach house " and ended up in my ex\'s driveway.'
b'rt first love is a kind of vaccination which saves man from catching the complaint the second time.'
b"rt first world problems : i couldn't listen to tv so i had to stop eating chips. ;-;"
b"rt flies are funny. first they'll come near your tea, try to taste it, and then make a dive and die in it."
b'rt follow me on instagram, " thatssarcasm " i will follow some of you two hearts'
b'rt for her i am like the third page of google search'
b'rt for those people who say conjuring 2 was not scary, please move ahead of trailer and watch the whole movie ur truely enemy'
b"rt freedom is just another word for people finding out you're useless!"
b'rt friend : are you going to school tomorrow? me : nah, i am riding my unicorn to mars instead.'
b"rt friend : how's your girlfriend? me : 'would be ' would be more precise."
b'rt friend : i have a physics paper. wish me luck. me : may the rate of change of momentum be with you smile'
b'rt friend - man i wonder what heaven is like me - you have not eaten a pizza?'
b'rt friend -oh god! had a bad day at work me-aww.. go get a beer friend -i dnt want a beer me -who said it was for you'
b'rt friend - what kind of food you like? me - tasty and unhealthy to keep me in my circular shape < ;3'
b"rt friend :you're very handsome do not let anyone tell you any different me :they don't."
b'rt frnds : just stay silent wait & let her realise. *younger brothers grandson got married* me : still waiting **'
b'rt fuck off these iit sums. in the end i am going to use only + -*/ and %.'
b'rt fun fact : if you live in nepal its 100% sure that you will die one day.'
b"rt gain a little bit of muscle & everyone swears you're on steroids."
b"rt gal to a guy gal : aww you're so sweet! me :wow, you even know what he tastes like what did you do? took a bite?"
b"rt game of thrones effect : i asked a beautiful girl what's your name? she replied : a girl has no name!"
b'rt getting into a good college in india is so hard that sometimes i feel sad for not being handicapped!'
b'rt gf - i lost my grandma today. me - lol for grandma gf - slap...'
b"rt gf : you failed as a bf. let's breakup! me (engineering student ) : when is the last date for applying reevaluation?"
b"rt girl : how far your home is? me : take my phone, when wifi get connected automatically then understand that we're home."
b'rt girl : " omg, i am so ugly! " me : yes, that\'s why you have 494 photos in an album called\'me \'.'
b'rt girls be like.. google help me.. but only as a friend expressionless face'
b'rt girls be like " my bullshit is my best friend\'s bullshit\'s best friend "'
b'rt girls call me ugly until they come to know how much money i make. then they call me ugly and poor.'
b'rt girls gets offended when called a bitch when girls spent hours trying to look like a dog in snapchat'
b'rt girls on instagram be like, i am victoria secret model. wonder if victoria knows this secret.. xd!'
b'rt girls are simple their yes means yes, no means yes &no means no, no means maybe, maybe means no & yes means maybe'
b'rt girls who talk about standards ends up their day by watching " sasural simar ka ".'
b'rt girl : what should i do for this halloween to scare everyone? me : go without makeup.'
b'rt girl : when you will be free? boy : squared cjk unified ideograph 6e80 girl : now what is this? boy : even i do not know.'
b"rt give a man a fish, and he'll instagram it ; teach a man to fish, and he'll update it on facebook."
b'rt god damn " thanks for the follow " dms always piss me off'
b'rt god wanted to make horses superior over human, but they did neigh.'
b'rt goes out to buy some things will listen to music on the way leaves home takes earphones out untangles them back home'
b'rt going by the effects and the post-movie trauma, just imagine if the conjuring 2 was released in 3d?! face with tears of joy face savouring delicious food'
b"rt going on facebook has become the equivalent of opening the fridge and staring inside, even though you're not hungry."
b'rt good sarcasm comes from experience and a lot of that comes from bad trolls.'
b'rt googles : how to become popular google : tweet any joke and wait'
b'rt google translate is still not so useful. it does not translate what a **holes say, in a language that i understand.'
b'rt got a wifi signal me - connect wifi - " i have a boyfriend "'
b'rt guns are old screenshots can do more damage'
b'rt guys, how to gain followers on instagram? turn yourself into a hot girl!'
b'rt handle every problem lyk a dog.. if cant eat it or play with it, just pee on it and walk away!'
b"rt happiness is when you get the'skip ad ' option in a youtube video!"
b"rt happy b'day sonakshi cena! we have not seen her like in a year? and other reasons too for cena face with tears of joy"
b'rt hard work is like facebook update no one really wants to do it but you have to do it after all.'
b'rt have no regrets except all those facebook pages you liked back in 2009, regret those'
b"rt have you ever had to restart a song because you spaced out and weren't appreciating it enough"
b'rt have you ever met the human version of a period cramp'
b'rt have you fallen in love so hard that you can actually see your wallet going empty but you can not help it anyway.'
b'rt having a case on your phone is like wearing a condom, it feels so much better without it but its not worth the risk.'
b'rt having one child makes you a parent but having two child makes you a refree'
b'rt hbd ugly jonathong! thanks for always being there to piss me off and insult me face with medical mask'
b'rt he : a glass for me too pls? she : i can not bear to share my beer with a bear.'
b'rt hearing censored version of eminem songs is like eating gulabjaamun without the taste of labjaamun.'
b'rt he : hey! how do you do? she : what i how do? he : tera sir pouting face *blocked *'
b'rt he - i like someone. she - really? who? he - she kinda looks like u.. s - aww.. h - i ws talking abt ur sister.'
b'rt hello everybody, i am using the internet explorer. i hope this post gets here on time. happy new year 2011!'
b'rt he : lolzzzzz me :wht? did you laugh urself to sleep'
b'rt helping my sister in searching her chocolate that i ate just few hours ago. face with tears of joy'
b"rt her attitude is based on how you treat her. treat her right and she'll treat you better. do her wrong and she'll do you wors"
b"rt here's a tissue, you have a bullshit on that lip smile"
b'rt he said, `my heart is a phone and baby you are the sim. " she blushed. little did she know about dual sim phones.'
b'rt he : say those 3 magical words. she : candy crush saga *marked as sexual abuse *'
b'rt he - tell me the three magical words angel priya - im a boy!'
b"rt he : who's your favourite singer? she : 'feat. ' i love his all songs.. he : *leaves the planet *"
b'rt " hey are you crying? " " no i was pretending that i was a fountain "'
b'rt hey usa, you sure donald is your trump card coz we indians keep such joker cards aside'
b'rt hey where have you been all my life? can you pls go back there'
b'rt history is never made by those people who use incognito mode in their browsers. (anonymous )'
b'rt history is never made by those who use incognito browsers'
b"rt hollywood logic :they'll let kids sleep alone even if the house is haunted kollywood logic :bro, what's the spelling of logic"
b'rt hope my grades celebrate 420 and get super high today'
b'rt how can i be in a relationship with my best friend but i always want my boy friend to be my best friend'
b'rt how can there be peace if people are still fighting for window seats?'
b'rt how to make thesis :1. meet up with your group 2. cry together.'
b"rt how to ruin someone's sunday? tell them tomorrow's monday... *as evil as it gets *"
b'rt human bodies are made up of blood and guts ; while my body is made up of caffeine and mistakes and unrequited sarcasm'
b'rt hyundai cars old version h9 recent version i10 new version to j11 come'
b'rt i act like i do not care... bt deep down inside...! i still do not give a f **k! smiling face with sunglasses'
b'rt i actually have a really good fashion sense, i just do not have no money'
b'rt i always learn from mistakes of others, who took my advice.'
b'rt i alwayz think of living my life on my own terms bt den i c my food consumption n return remorsefully to my sucky job'
b'rt i am a virgin and i am not so much depressed as trumph.'
b'rt i am constantly torn between " i do not need anyone \' " and " hey you please fall in love with me "'
b'rt i am good at three things 1. eating 2. sleeping in the odd times 3.'
b'rt i am good friends with 25 alphabets of english. i do not know y.'
b'rt i am just waiting for the new album of taylor swift about clavin harris face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt i am not funny, i am just being mean and people think i am joking'
b'rt i am not saying that i love u.. what i am saying is that... you are literally what a saturday night sleep meant for me'
b'rt i am so afraid to commitments that i do not actually brush in night.. cuz i have to commit not to eat after that!'
b'rt i am so deep into friendzone that she asked me to buy men condom for her to be used by some else guy.'
b'rt i am so middle class that i actually do get affected by rising fuel price.'
b"rt i am so ugly that, if i want my gf to call me cute.. i'll have to find a blind one.. angry face crying face face savouring delicious food"
b'rt i am so unlucky that, i have spent my change to buy carry bags.'
b'rt i am such simple and honest that on whatsapp i send smiley similar to my skin colour.'
b'rt i am weak on weekdays and it ends over weekend.'
b'rt i asked a gal to text me when she got home...! she must be homeless sad'
b'rt i asked to 100 women which shampoo they preferred... almost all of them replied " how the hell did you get in here? "'
b'rt i become more religious while running back to bed after switching off the lights than while praying in the temple.'
b'rt i call my friends rather than ringing their doorbells bcz i have a bad habit of running away after ringing doorbells.'
b'rt i can ignore you to such an extent that you, yourself would doubt your presence.'
b'rt i can not forget 3 things in my life 1. parents 2. my first love & 3. our wifi password.'
b"rt i can not stare at a boy for so long he ain't fifa!"
b'rt ice bucket, childhood, black and white etc etc... nobody came up with aadhaar card pic challenge. humanity still exists'
b'rt i chose to keep quiet... to lie low... to cut the communication... because it is only by then i can see who truly cares!'
b"rt i could've blocked you back.. only if i cared enough."
b"rt i do not always get friendzoned, but when i do it's always."
b'rt i do not care if someone does not like me. as far as i know i am not a facebook status to be liked.'
b'rt i dont care when a person ignores me cuz i know page no. 2 of google is ignored by everyone in the world...'
b'rt i dont even get mad anymore! i expect bullshit from people.'
b'rt i dont get snapchat, you dont get sarcasm. call it even?'
b'rt i do not get why people constantly return to the refrigerator with hopes that something new to eat will have materialized?'
b'rt i do not have good mornings, only good mournings.. crying face'
b'rt i do not remember last time, i went to bed, and woke up on a different day'
b'rt i do not trust stairs. because they are always up to something.'
b'rt i dont use lol wen people joke... but if i use i jus mean to say " lord of losers ".'
b"rt i'd tell you a chemistry joke but i know i would not get a reaction."
b'rt if a professor takes your surprise test then organize a surprise mass bunk.'
b'rt if a taxi driver decreases a song volume but does not put off when you get a phone call, the song is of his choice.'
b"rt if a woman is able to contain her thoughts in a limit of 140 words, she's a keeper. face with tears of joy"
b"rt if a woman tells you that you're right, that's called sarcasm."
b'rt if caterpillars are able to sleep for a long time and come out prettier why cant i'
b'rt if chandler was a real person, he would have the most retwwets or most likes on a youtube comment.'
b'rt if dreams come true... my crush will stay as a crush only'
b'rt i feel more ugly after watching a barbie movie.'
b'rt i felt sorry for my parents when my results were out cause our neighbour sharma ji was childless. *my poor parents *'
b'rt if friends were made now, then all of the characters would have visited each other more on fb than in central perk'
b'rt if i am your best friend then there are chances of your girlfriend not having periods without even you touching her.'
b'rt if i had 1 for everytime dat im thinking about you, nvm waste of time'
b"rt if i had a time machine, i'd go back 2 years in past and punch myself for not choosing a cool twitter id"
b"rt if i reach my parents something, they're learning from their mistake!"
b"rt if i sleep early, it does not mean i am sayana bacha but my phone's battery has died and i am too lazy to charge it."
b'rt if i wanted to kill myself i would climb into your ego and jump into your iq.'
b'rt if i was famous i would just knock on peoples doors and be like hello yes its me.'
b'rt if i were to give up sarcasm, that would leave interpretative dance moves as my only means of communication'
b'rt if life gives you lemons sqeeze it in peoples eyes. face with tears of joy tons of people had written it but its am tym.'
b'rt if microsoft hires only lazy people then by this time i would have been a millionaire'
b'rt if my result incrase like petrol price my parents feel very happy for me'
b'rt if " no " was not a word, dad would have been speechless.'
b'rt if one door closes and another one opens, your house is probably haunted.'
b"rt i forget what it's like to have a normal sleeping pattern"
b'rt i formally apologize to anyone who knew me when i was 12.'
b'rt if puma was not a fitness brand. it would be called huma.'
b'rt if she has not kissed you even after the 4th date, she is here for free food.'
b"rt if she says she'll die without you, she wont even suffer a fever face with tears of joy"
b'rt if that day the whole tree would have fell upon newton then half of our studies burden could have reduced'
b'rt if the life gives you nuts... then just... roast it like aib.'
b'rt if the mobile gets spoiled blame the child, if child gets spoiled blame the mobile - stupid logic'
b'rt if the people are not laughing at your goal, your goals are too small'
b"rt if there are n days between two consecutive tests the phrase ' i will study tomorrow ' is repeated n -1 times."
b'rt if there was a subject teaching how to kill time, i would without doubt be the teacher and the topper'
b'rt if they ever give a gift for procrastination, then'
b'rt if they were not caught there would be no difference between politicians (except a few ) and outlaws.'
b"rt if trees gave wifi all must have planted trees... but it's sad that it only gives oxygen for us... plant trees! smile"
b'rt if you came in like a wrecking ball'
b'rt if you cant handle a little sarcasm, we cant be friends.. ;-)'
b'rt if you can not handle me at my worst then you probably can not have me \'cause " the worst " is all i got.'
b'rt if you feel ur self useless remember that there are girls with alienware laptops'
b'rt if ur cooler than me. that would make me hotter than you'
b'rt if ur still waiting for hannah montana to make a comeback'
b'rt if ur ugly af'
b'rt if you want to check the limits of your aggressiveness better you prefer 2g net packs'
b'rt if whatsapp viewed when the message is read from the notification, trust me we all would have been doomed.'
b'rt if you allow your genetics to determine your life, it simply means blood rules, not the brain.'
b'rt if you are given a choice between world peace and a porsche 911, what colour would you like your porsche to be?'
b"rt if you are good at something never do it for free...! that's how prostitution came into picture."
b'rt if you buy a royal enfield and do not go to laddakh within 3 months, it will ride by itself to there'
b'rt if you can be sarcastic in 140 character, boy do not we have twitter just for you?'
b'rt if you can be sarcastic in 140 characters, there is nothing you can not do. lol'
b'rt if you can have fun without getting wasted or high.'
b'rt if you can speak fluent sarcasm.'
b'rt if you can not change the girl. then change the girl. - saying single.'
b'rt if you can not sleep. -. - i am not getting up on time tomorrow.'
b'rt if you carefully split the word dieting, it becomes - die eating winking face'
b'rt if you closely hear me, you will listen me not caring.'
b'rt if you commit a crime 90 times, you will be caught 45 times because : sin 90 is equal to cot 45.'
b'rt if you could choose between world peace and porsche 911, what colour would you want your porsche to be?'
b'rt if you do not have hope that flipping grades from f to a can happen. go flip burgers.'
b"rt if you dont post 'alhamdulillah done with sehri ' you're doing faaqa only"
b'rt " if you do not want someone to break into your bathroom with a cameraman, better use our product. " -colgate.'
b'rt if you ever feel useless in life just remember that every chinese manufacturer have quality engineers.'
b"rt if you have read and laughed at other people's conversations on orkut then your childhood was awesome!"
b"rt if you look closely at the screen you'll notice you are closer to the screen."
b"rt if you love someone, set them free. unless it's a tiger."
b'rt if you love something, let it go. if it comes back, it was meant to be. if it does not, hunt it down & kill it.'
b'rt if your boobs glow in the dark'
b'rt if youre 1d af if you dont retweet caroline waka flocka flame will show up at your house while youre sleeping'
b"rt if you're always straightening things, you have ocd. if you're always eating things you've obcd!"
b'rt if your enemies stab you from behind, you must really be ugly to face. (more than your back )'
b"rt if you're swimming by the lake and you're hungry, go up to an old person. they'll give you bread."
b'rt if your mom doesnot add one more spoon after you say " that\'s enough ", then my friend you are adopted.'
b'rt if your mother does not force you to eat extra chapati every time you eat.. then my friend you are adopted.. crying face'
b'rt if you start school tomorrow. fav if you want one more week of summer.'
b'rt if you talk to god, you are religious. if god talks to you, you are psychotic.'
b'rt if you think about a wonderful future. stop it immediately!'
b'rt if you think cigarettes are a huge turnoff'
b'rt if you think you have a boring life, there is someone out there somewhere typing " terms & conditions ".'
b'rt if you try hard you may find a girl with logic, but you will not find set max without sooryavansham.'
b"rt if you've ever been called a liar when you actually were telling the truth."
b'rt if you wait for her dp to load in 2g internet face with cold sweat then you are in real love smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'rt if you wake up at 6 am and check your phone without even cleaning your eyes toh haan mere dosst barbad ho chuke ho tum!'
b'rt if you want a permanent scar, prefer tattoo instead of falling in love.'
b'rt if you want to check the girl \xf0\x9f\x98\x85... just say pay our dinner bill! and if she pay that bill seriously marry her! face with tears of joy grinning face'
b'rt if you want to spread a rumor quickly just ask your girlfriend not to tell anyone about it.'
b'rt if you watch conjuring 2 without updating status about it on fb. the ghost from the movie will find you and haunt you.'
b'rt i get less action than a red light in gta.'
b'rt i get so upset when i look at my wallet, and not see'
b'rt ignore your problems like you ignore the male actors in a porn movie!'
b'rt i hated copying as a school student then came this : ctrl+c ctrl+v now i hate school for making me write so much!'
b'rt i hate it when auto-correct changes my " omg " to " omg " like, chill out, i am not that surprised.'
b'rt i hate it when mom says " get up its already morning, sun is out ". so what am i supposed to do? photosynthesis?'
b'rt i hate it when people do not understand sarcasm. it does not take a genius to work it out smile'
b'rt i hate it when people lie, like just be honest damn'
b'rt i hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious'
b'rt i hate remembering good times that i had with people who ended up being really shitty to me'
b'rt i hate these ppl.. they call me crazy.. bring my spaceship.. i am gonna go back to mars'
b'rt i hate waking up at 6am but i do not mind staying awake till 6am.'
b'rt i hate wen people ask me " how do you react to this? " im lik " no,, im lik a nobel gas... my octet is complete "'
b'rt i hate when i go to the kitchen to get some food, but i only find ingredients.'
b"rt i hate when i am trying to blow out birthday candles and little kids try to do it with me excuse you it's not ur birthday so ta"
b'rt i hate when people say " look at me when i am talking to you. " i mean, c\'mon, one inconvenience at a time.'
b'rt i have 2 reason (s ) why i do not give money to my girlfriend. first : i do not have money. second : i do not have girlfriend.'
b'rt i have 3 sides in my life. 1. fun and crazy side face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes 2. loving and caring side heavy black heart smiling face with smiling eyes 3. the side you never want to see in me. \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x92\x80'
b'rt i have a short and i mean short, almost non-existent, tolerance for people who refuse to use common sense.'
b"rt i have decided to leave my past behind me. so if i owe you money.. i am sorry. but i've moved on -_-"
b"rt i have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. there's no limit to how much they can charge me."
b"rt i have seen guys having adam's apple bigger than my achievements...!"
b'rt i have so high self respect, that i respect my bad decisions in advance.'
b'rt i hide my " last seen " so that people think that something is going on in my life! smile'
b'rt i hope you regret all the shit you put me through, bitch'
b'rt i jus hate probability... they toss a coin, roll a die for nothing lik if they hav no work,, i can help em find one'
b'rt i just congratulated myself for wasting another month of 2016'
b'rt i just got to know that fb likes do not cure cancer'
b'rt i just wanna travel and be in love and eat good food.'
b'rt i just woke up? why? why do i do this to myself.'
b'rt i know god made us in his image but an additional sleep button would have helped.'
b'rt i liked her she like me i loved her she loved me. n then... she said as a friend'
b'rt i like long text messages because i appreciate a complete thought.'
b'rt i like the voice you make when you shut the fvck up'
b'rt i like those units which are prepared in rickshaw just before examination. eyes'
b"rt i'll pay the bill, said no girl ever... you're like my friend, said no boy ever"
b'rt i look at some people and think " really? that\'s the sperm that won? "'
b'rt i lost my mobile 2 hours back and i am already feeling like a saint!'
b"rt i love my country, that's why i detest the government."
b'rt i love my life, but it just wants to be friends with me sad'
b'rt i made a joke that made me look/act so rude and i think i offended someone'
b'rt " imagination is the key to success " me : i have million rs. in my hand'
b'rt imagine how awesome life would be if pizzas slice of pizza made you skinny!'
b'rt imagine how life would be if pizza made you skinny.'
b'rt imagine if social media like twitter n instagram wer real. strangers standing wit u, repeating you everytime you say something'
b"rt imagine insulting someone with a high flying pun. it'll be an udta pun jab."
b"rt i am at that stage of life that if i get run over by a car, i'd probably thank and hug them."
b'rt i am busy now. can i ignore you some other time?'
b'rt i am glad that i spent my childhood crying for toys and not cell phones.'
b'rt i am good at doing things... unless it is yoga, maths or handling a baby'
b'rt i might be polite on chat but you will never knew that i was typing with my middle finger!'
b'rt im naturally funny cause my whole life is a joke'
b'rt people trying to shove christ down my throat piss me off. i am happy with my religion, thanks.'
b'rt im not a second choice im priority you bish'
b'rt i am not ready for monday, can i get another sunday!'
b'rt i am not saying i hate you what i am saying is that you are literally the monday of my life'
b'rt i am not saying that was a great guy... but heyy... he really saved the history channel..!'
b'rt i am not single. i am very much in a relationship. i am in a relationship with my work and my video games.'
b'rt i am not so good with the advice. can i interest you in a sarcastic comment?'
b'rt... i am not the kind to reply every single text, i am just too lazy to text you but i replied in my mind.'
b'rt i am on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle.'
b'rt i am so forever alone that no one gives me any whatsapp dares. tired face'
b'rt i am so ugly that i find my aadhaar card photo attractive! :3'
b'rt i am that poor who can not even afford a rajnigandha pouch to become rich.'
b'rt *in a restaurant* manager - mam did you love our food? girl - yes, but as a friend'
b'rt in bus as brakes applied i hit a girl she -wat are you doing?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0 me -enginnering nd u?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa8\xf0\x9f\x98\xa8'
b"rt 'india ' a place where 'ganda kapde ' are used for cleaning purposes"
b'rt india is place where length of the clothes decide the character of a girl'
b"rt india is the only place where we check the neighbor's house during a power-cut."
b'rt " indian moms " deserve to be the admins of sarcasm! face with tears of joy'
b'rt indian policemen are some of those privileged people who are able to do work and business, simultaneously.'
b'rt indians are so jugaadu, if at a public toilet the kundi breaks they manage screaming " hodor ".'
b'rt indians use their voter id card more for buying a sim than to vote. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt india, where car drivers thinks two wheelers are idiot and two wheelers thinks car drivers are idoits.'
b'rt in exam we look up for inspiration down for desperation, left and right for information face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt in front of my crush i do more stupid mistakes than autocorrect.'
b'rt in india.. even if you do not know anything about football.. you are already a diehard fan of messi and ronaldo.'
b'rt in india, hollywood horror movies turns into a comedy movie when you watch it in a local theatre.'
b'rt in india people like buy 1 get 1 free more than 50% discount'
b'rt in india people will judge you acc. to the th level you are in coc smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'rt in india right to freedom of speech is not given by constitution. at childhood it is guarded by parents and later by society.'
b'rt in india, sitting peacefully in a public bus and sh*tting peacefully in a public toilet are equally impossible'
b'rt in india some people learn abusive languages in school and some while driving.'
b'rt in india, you are single until 29.. after that you are unmarried.!'
b"rt in movies, there's always a gun kept at home only to try committing suicide. few even succeed doing and become ghosts."
b"rt in my case love triangle at it's worst because it actually contains me, my girlfriend and my credit card."
b'rt in order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision face with cold sweat raised hand'
b'rt " insaniyat " and " insanity " define the difference between calling someone an " angel " or an " angle ".'
b'rt instead of " 90% will fail to answer ", it should be : " 90% will succeed to waste their time on this "'
b'rt interviewer : how faithful are you? me : never left my clan in clash of clans. *hired *'
b'rt interviewer : one thing you are good at? me : doing miskates'
b'rt interviewers be like : we are looking someone at the age of 22 -24 with 30 years of experience.'
b'rt interviewer : so what do you have planned for the future? me : lunch interviewer : no like long term. me : oh... dinner.'
b'rt interviewer : tell me about yourself she : i have a boyfriend'
b"rt interviewer - tell me what you're good at? me - i am good at eating."
b'rt interviewer : what are you good at? me : sarcasm... interviewer : will you show it to us? me : no'
b'rt interviewer :why do you want to be a librarian? me :i like to tell people to be quite.'
b"rt interviewer : why do you want this job? me :i've just always been very passionate about not starving to death"
b'rt interviewer : why should we hire you? me : because you are hiring.'
b'rt in the battle between sleep and studies counter strike always wins.'
b"rt in the beginning god made heaven and the earth. the rest was'made in china '"
b'rt *in " the burger king " * waiter - how is the burger? me - " i am loving it ". *kicked out with disrespect *'
b'rt in the mood to receive 5 billion dollars in cash'
b"rt invited to gf's house for lunch met her dad (ex - army ) asked him the wifi password said - taken 1234"
b'rt iphone users just need a moment to post a screen shot to let everyone know that they owe iphone.'
b'rt iphone users should have extra pocket to keep them safe from the disease of holding iphone in hands all the time.'
b'rt i smile really smile hate smile how smile i smile need smile constant smile reassurance smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile'
b"rt i really thought life would be funny and cool until i was 18, now it's only funny"
b"rt ironically iron man can not iron his iron suit but magneto can... that's magnificent"
b'rt ironically people who post " keep calm it is mah birthday week " can not actually keep their calm.'
b"rt irony is girl's tweeting money can not buy happiness from their iphone 6s"
b'rt irony is that price of half bitten apple products is more than full apple'
b'rt irony is when girls who works at " i do not work, i am a princess " cry for placement after their college.'
b'rt i said - i am man of steel she said - i am woman of corrosion'
b'rt i scored so badly in my 10th that i myself tell people that the mark sheet is fake!'
b'rt is it only me who wants the world to end, the night before every exam results?'
b'rt i spend most of my free time in that imaginary world where my crush actually likes me.'
b'rt i stuck my tongue out because i am mature like that. you are immature for pointing out my maturity'
b'rt it does not surprise me when friends ask " what\'s app ".'
b'rt i tell my parents a funny story, then it turns into a " life -lesson "'
b'rt i tend to say " i do not know " when i am too lazy to think'
b'rt i think i am nt a true indian i scroll down without liking pics'
b'rt i think the most ironic thing is dying in a living room.'
b'rt i think to quit smoking, but to think i need cigarette'
b'rt i though i was awesome but unfortunately i can not make smoke rings.'
b'rt i thought i wanted a career, turns out i just wanted paychecks'
b'rt i thought to mention alia in a tweet buy she will not understand'
b'rt it is easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled unamused face'
b'rt it is so cold outside i saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.'
b'rt it must be difficult to post inspirational tweets... espcially when your blood type is b negative!'
b'rt i told this girl to text me when she got home. she must be homeless face with look of triumph'
b'rt i tried clicking my pic without beauty app once... and the cam scared the hell out of me!'
b'rt i tried to share a bread with a poor beggar today. he told me to fuck off and buy my own bread.'
b'rt i try to be a nice person but most times my mouth and mind do not co-operate! and neither does my face! why?!'
b"rt it's actually embarrassing how much i care about having access to internet 24/7"
b"rt it's a day of thanks. why you still manage to piss me off fam \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95"
b'rt its okay with me when youtube put ads between videos and when videos buffer but when ads buffer, i suffer.'
b"rt it's really cute when people forget your existence until they need something from you."
b"rt it's so simple to be wise. just think of something really stupid to say and then do not say it."
b"rt it's that time of year when college students are more in love with hillstations than people."
b'rt it was a prostitution when they sold her, and when they sold him called it dowry! white smiling face victory hand'
b"rt it would take me a week to finish all the work of my today's to do list."
b'rt i used to love summers!... then, i started living in delhi.'
b'rt i use sarcasm so much that, even when i speak the truth directly, its sarcastic sarcasm.'
b'rt i usually wake up at 9am but it takes me around 11am to get off the bed.'
b"rt i've said it once, and i'll say it again. i never repeat myself."
b'rt i waited for her desperately and when she came i was like why did you? -mumbai rains. winking face'
b"rt i wanna buy a parrot and teach him to say parrot coz that's the closest i will get owning a pokemo\xc5\x84."
b'rt i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am staring at the stars and talking about all the problems we have going on.'
b'rt i wanted to make a chemistry joke, but all the good ones argon.'
b'rt i want to pee, but i do not want to get up from the bed.'
b'rt i was shown a white wall and i was told it was a painting and i loved it.'
b"rt i was thinking about making a pun on either sodium or potassium, but na that's k! face with tears of joy"
b'rt i went to conjuring 2 movie ; the popcorn prices and parking fees are damn scary than the movie'
b'rt i will always be there to catch you.. -floor'
b'rt i will never be impressed with the internet until i can download food.. grinning face'
b'rt i wish bats could talk. because then we could wait for the morning together.'
b'rt i wish i could apply some filters on my career and future'
b'rt i wish i could uninstall my life or update a new version of it just to escape from this harsh reality..!'
b'rt i wish i had more talents but sadly the only one i have is crying'
b'rt i wish i live as long as these paragon office chappals...!'
b'rt i wish i loved exercise as much as i love napping 3 times a day and eating 5 times the suggested serving size.'
b"rt i wonder how can it be such a 'great wall ' when it is made in 'china '!"
b'rt i wonder how many people got job at youtube to comment " who\'s watching this in 2016 " on every second video.'
b"rt i wonder when ross do all his research work and publish it, he's either at monica's n chandler's or at central perk."
b"rt i wonder who the hell writes 'addictive ' on each and every app i look for on the play store."
b'rt i wonder why most of the sarcastic tweets are by boys?'
b'rt i will not believe in karma until before sunny leone dreams about kissing me.'
b'rt i would definitely like to have a facepalm reaction on facebook.'
b'rt i would have written a long love text for you, if only you had the time to turn the grey tics blue.'
b'rt i would rather whack the tv remote 100 times and then buy a new one but i will never buy batteries!'
b'rt " : females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me. " duck hoes \xf0\x9f\x90\xa5\xf0\x9f\x90\xa3'
b'rt joker : if you are gud at something, never do it for free me : i am good at getting friendzoned, can someone pay me for that'
b'rt just about every person i know has managed to piss me off in some way this weekend so thanks everyone'
b"rt just in case some is bragging a lot :1) buy something 2) name it 'fuck ' 3) just do not give it to them."
b'rt just married! read the shattered windshield'
b'rt just read somewhere that windows has store, till this day i thought it was a factory outlet of google and apple'
b"rt keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find your brain back there."
b'rt keep the dream alive =hit the snooze button again and again.'
b'rt kejriwal is like those parents who make promises to kids for getting there job done'
b'rt kicking into empty air sitting on a broomstick trying to fly like harry potter was one of my favorite childhood memories'
b"rt kid : my teacher says beauty lies inside... me : that's what ugly people say"
b'rt kumbhakarna would sleep for 6 months... i guess he is the only man who lived his life...!'
b'rt ladies, your education and career will help you to build the future, not your makeup unamused face'
b'rt last thing i needed was people to give me competition in making jokes.'
b"rt leasons learnt from himym - there are only 2 reasons to date a girl you've already dated : breast implants"
b"rt leo got oscar at least after six nominations. but i have not got my crush's number even after eight semesters."
b'rt life hack aka jugaaad. if you want to wake up at 7 am, tell your mom you want to wake up at 8.'
b'rt life hack : always carry a small amount of drugs in your car so you will be sure to obey all traffic rules while driving.'
b"rt life hack - how to have a nice morning ~don't wake me up in morning"
b'rt life has become so miserable even to fell in love i have to take permission from my wallet.'
b'rt life is actually simpler and easier for indian men. its the women and engineering that make them insane.'
b"rt life is all about learning from mistakes but you're exceptional, you're shit today and shit tomorrow."
b'rt life sucks? how about having a football field gap between eyebrows and hair. (. _. " )'
b'rt light travels faster than sound, which is why people like you appear bright \xe2\x80\x94until they open their mouths.'
b'rt like everyone not to piss me off today thanks'
b'rt linkedin ~ pretending as professional fb ~pretending as social twitter ~ pretending am not wasting time sc ~ pretending am a puppy'
b'rt listening to sarcastic people daily will make you more creative.. raised hand raised hand'
b'rt listen to me not very carefully, coz you gonna hear me not caring at all. upside down face'
b'rt " lol " i say with no fucking expression on my face'
b'rt looking at a photograph and wishing you could re-live that moment over and over again.'
b"rt look man! she is interested in you. admit it, this sentence has spoiled men's life more than anything"
b'rt lord krishna taught arjun to kill the relatives who bother. i think he was the coolest teacher.'
b'rt love is around the corner they say, i think my life is a circle.'
b"rt luks at a big list of ppl in fb tries to send request does not find the add frnd button thn realizes it's myfriends list"
b'rt luxury is having enough space to scratch your balls in a crowded metro'
b"rt make a girl pay on her first date ; and she'll know that you are not same as other guys."
b'rt man goes to moon and takes one picture, girls go to bathroom and takes 20 selfies.'
b'rt many people will not believe it, but scientists have proved that likes do not cure cancer'
b'rt mathematical question : what is the difference between a good coffee and a normal coffee at starbucks? \xe2\x82\xb9500'
b"rt mathematics assignment is like rihanna's song work, you'll get the first lines rest is what goes over your head."
b'rt maturity is realising that you should sleep before you hear the birds chirping.'
b'rt maturity is realizing that no human is more important than your sleep.'
b'rt maturity is when, you does not hesitate to give the tv remote to your siblings grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'rt maturity is when you do not choose a specific colour in gems'
b'rt maturity is when you dont have to judge yourself by reading online posts that start with " maturity is... "'
b'rt " may i come in? " " no you can\'t. you passed through it dumbo! it\'s june now. "'
b'rt mcq exams are so boring. how am i supposed to make people around me uncomfortable without asking for extra sheet?'
b'rt me - 143 she -? me - i love you she - 1419 me -? disappointed face she - i have a boyfriend'
b'rt me : aah! i look beautiful today... no comments! toe nails : bitch please!'
b'rt *meanwhile* mother : we like to name her sara. dr. : that name is already taken! try : sara123 or sara_2016'
b'rt me : better check my phone for some texts.. *checks phone* me : better get some friends'
b"rt me - but it's 2am! stomach - do not teach me when to eat and when not to!"
b"rt me -doc, i took my medicine 6 'o clock today doc -i told you to take 9 me -i know, but i wanted to surprise the bacterias"
b'rt me : *goes to nasa* hello i would like to volunteer to be thrown into the sun nasa : you would die me : i beg you'
b'rt me : hey she : not interested me : i jst said hey! neva gave you a life insurance offer!'
b'rt me : hey siri, call my girlfriend! siri : which girlfriend? smiling face with sunglasses'
b'rt me : hey siri siri : what are you looking for? me : modi *my phone turned into flight mode *'
b"rt me : how do you prepare chicken? waiter : nothing special, we just tell them they're gonna die."
b'rt me : i am soon going to buy 1 +3 kid : i am also going to buy 3 +4'
b"rt me : *in coma* mom : who'll turn off the lights & fans?"
b'rt me : i need a higher level of fitness. trainer : try kush ups mate.'
b"rt me - lets play a game. she-okay lets play fetch a little differently! i'll throw the stick and you do not come back smile"
b'rt me : like my dp gal : i hav a boyfriend me : tell him to like too *sarcastic by blood.'
b'rt me - mom did not our maid mysti come today? mom - she was not well thats why she took a leave. ab mystical aayegi.'
b'rt me : mom do i look ugly. mom : i told you to not call me mom in public. me : crying.'
b'rt me : mom you cant even make a joke mom : i made you (poker face )'
b'rt me : nobody texts me *sobs* *receives a text* me : wtf you want mate?'
b"rt me on call, call rings, i do not receive it, as i can not listen cause my phone's always on silent mode worry"
b'rt me - siri i need a girl-friend. siri - (on call ) " hello mental hospital "'
b'rt *me talking to someone i hate* me -i hate just one thing of yours grinning face with smiling eyes that person -what?what?what? me -your existence unamused face'
b"rt me : the future isn't so bad, i can get someone i love, for sure. future : i have a boyfriend."
b"rt me to annoying people : will you please not talk to me? it's for my science project."
b'rt me to my crush - so.. how many brothers you have? she - tumhe mila ke 3... never ending brozoned face with tears of joy'
b'rt me (to my gf )- hi... girlfriend - i have a boyfriend.. this time i blocked her'
b'rt me : *wakes up after 2 years from coma. surrounded by friends and family* where is my phone!?'
b'rt me : where are you from? she : washington dc and u? me : delhi bc *blocked *'
b'rt me while coming back to hostel from home : " tonight.. i dine in hell "'
b"rt me : why are you so fat? friend : i am not fat. i am skinny, it's just that because of all the fat you can not see it."
b'rt me with my gf as whtsapp dp. now my father not able to see my dp or even sent any msz to me.'
b'rt me : you do not love me? then why did you send your seflies? she : dude. i wanted to save them in pc. *usb zoned *'
b"rt me : your cat looks pregnant friend : impossible it's an indoor cat me : what have you done"
b'rt mirrors can not talk. lucky for you they can not laugh either'
b'rt miss those days when we used to get more offended by increased petrol, diesel price and less by some internet posts.'
b'rt mom : *asks something* me : no mom : you have to. me : then why do you even ask? -. -'
b'rt -mommy, mommy, i found daddy! - how often do i have to tell you not to dig around in the garden!'
b'rt moms. because you can not fucking wash your own denims :3'
b'rt mom : the fridge is filled! me : lemme do my job expressionless face *eats what all in the fridge *'
b'rt mom :- what did you learn today? me :- i learnt how to sleep in class with my eyes open.'
b"rt mom : you should clean your room. me : what's the point maa, we're all gonna die someday. *gets thrown out of the house *"
b'rt *monday* gf : say those 3 magical words me :game of thrones'
b'rt money does not buy happiness but it pays the internet that is almost the same thing.'
b'rt : i love how easy it is for people to lie straight to my face.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x92'
b'rt mosquitoes are like family. annoying but they carry our blood.'
b"rt most indiana go missing because they go in search for tata docomo's network."
b'rt most number of new theories are formulated and proofs are made in the exam hall'
b'rt most of my tweets are self written. i never copy, i just remember the line and write it by myself and then tweet it.. smiling face with horns'
b'rt most of the time, the comment " beautiful photograph " is mistaken as " you are beautiful "'
b"rt most people have 'ah ha ' moments i have 'oh bc! ' moments"
b'rt muhammad ali is becoming the idol of those people who did not even know him a day before.'
b'rt musicians : all i want to do is music. cricketers : all i want to do is play. engineers : for gods sake let me sleep.'
b'rt my boss told me have a good day so i went home.'
b'rt " my boyfriend/girlfriend will not let me. " congratulations on your 3rd parent!'
b"rt my brain goes like -'oh! a social gathering? it's high time i felt awkward again. '"
b'rt my childhood friends have gone into some brilliant personality transformations and i am still making jokes on social media.'
b'rt my cousin just scored 10 cgpa in 10th and asked me my opinion on career path. i asked him to take engineering. yes, i am evil.'
b'rt my crush is so beautiful, that i rejected myself whenever i saw her.'
b'rt my crush used a smiley in one of our texts i am already feeling like a celebrity!'
b'rt my definition of a clean room : a clear path from the door to my bed.'
b'rt my depression increases by 100% when i enter into school.'
b'rt my doormat says, " go back to your home ". and, i love when people laugh on it as if it was a joke.'
b"rt my english is soo bad that i read the past tense of word'read ' as'read '"
b'rt my ex had one very annoying habit. breathing.'
b'rt my ex : you are incapable of love! me : i legitimately love eating pizza'
b'rt my facebook newsfeed : guy with half the facts and a guy with no facts, in a heated debate. unamused face'
b'rt my facebook status right now... six days without a shower..! feeling ganda ganda'
b'rt my father ordered 2 -3 dishes in an 5 star hotel and got some blood pressure free of cost.'
b'rt my friend breaks our deal about no spoiler of and now i am an isis terrorist waiting to kill him before episode9'
b"rt my friend :- i tried your number so many times, it always said \xe2\x80\x98switched off '! i : no dear, it's my hello tune!"
b'rt my friends are losing their virginity and i can not even lose my weight!'
b"rt my friend (who is a single son of his parents ) called his dad and said ' hey dad, its me yash '"
b"rt my future wife is probably texting her bf right now about how they're gonna be together forever. see you soon baby."
b'rt my gf - ross and rachel were on a break me -from now on we will be too for like forever'
b'rt my greatest achievement in life is to possess the largest collection of participation certificates.'
b'rt my hobbies include replying " copied " on random people\'s tweets smirking face'
b'rt *my kinda relationship* me : your place or mine? she : both me : how? she : you go to yours and i go to mine. me : \xf0\x9f\x98\xa5\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5'
b'rt my kind of love story : diet and food are in love with each other.'
b'rt my life is an open book. but its very poorly written and i die in the end.'
b'rt my life is a romantic comedy, minus the romance and just me laughing over my own jokes'
b'rt my life is so lonely that in future i will sharing a memory shared of a memory shared on facebook.'
b'rt my life is stuck somewhere in the middle of facebook and twitter!'
b'rt my parents told me : " you\'ve got to stop watching so many movies, shows, and read more! " so i turned on the subtitles.'
b'rt my room is like the bermuda triangle. things go in, never to be found again.'
b'rt my room was super clean until i had to decide what to wear expressionless face'
b'rt my taste in music ranges from " you need to listen to this " to " i know, please do not judge me. "'
b'rt my taste of songs made my whole family to doubt that i had a gf who left me.'
b'rt my tweets n post are so awesome that people hit da like button twice!'
b"rt nanotale of preperation leaves - let this day go, i'll study from tomorrow... tweet this everyday"
b'rt never get into an argument with a woman when she is sad, lonely, unhappy, hungry or breathing'
b"rt next time a girl brother zones you, file a case asking for share in her father's wealth."
b'rt nobody can say that promise of " achhe din " has not been fulfilled yet. just take a look at fb posts.'
b"rt no matter how bad is the temperature, india's favourite drink is'tea ' in all the ways."
b"rt no matter how good you are doing in your life, you just can not be better than sharmaji's son."
b'rt no matter how lazy peoples are, facebook will always show them active.'
b'rt no matter how much life is badly fucked. my reply to every " how\'s life? " is " awesome smile you say? " face with stuck out tongue'
b'rt no matter how much you try, you can not be as sarcastic as your mom'
b'rt no one asks about my package... because i am unemployed.'
b'rt no philosopher can beat the irrelevant caption that a girl posts along with her pic'
b'rt normal people - bye me - may the god of light be with you for the night is dark and full of terrors.'
b'rt nothing is more painful than toothpaste being washed away from toothbrush! loudly crying face'
b'rt nothing is permanent.. realized when my 32gb memo card just crashed loudly crying face'
b"rt nothing says i have faith in god like the bullet proof glass on the pope's car."
b'rt not sleeping all night is easier than waking up early'
b'rt not sure about your looks in dp but if your ugliness was brick then you would be the great wall of china.'
b'rt not sure if the girls are getting hotter or standards are getting lower.'
b'rt not sure whether my mom carries a purse or an emergency evacuation kit.. xd'
b'rt not telling me something because you " do not want to piss me off " is probably the best way to piss me off.'
b'rt nowadays success means getting a blue tick earlier than your idol!'
b'rt nowadays.. when someone asks about my future plans. me-do i look like a guy with a plan? -_-'
b"rt now krk is tweeting live abt for me it's the time to leave twitter."
b'rt now sensor board should decide what things should fly in chidiya ud game'
b'rt oh sorry! did the middle of my story interrupt the beginning of yours unamused face'
b"rt ok honestly if you're ever curious about anything, get me sleep deprived and asked me at 3 in the morning and you'll get a s"
b'rt okkkk... my grammar is not poor... word limits make me do so'
b'rt omg guys i just saw a 4 year old girl take selfies of herself on her tablet and she said " that\'s a good one " face with tears of joy i can not breat'
b'rt " omg, i am so ugly! " yes, that\'s why you have 197 photos in an album called me. expressionless face'
b'rt once there was a king and a queen. since then they never died and the story never ended. only public dies.'
b"rt once tried to fantasize about my crush kissing me and my imagination was like'thats impossible even for me '"
b"rt one does not simply disobey their mother's instructions when dad is near"
b'rt one fine morning, i decided to be normal. worst 57 seconds of my life.'
b'rt one girl posted a photo with discription " aalllubbbuuu ". it took me 20 minutes to figure out she meant " i love you ".'
b'rt one of those rare moments when your crush texts you first : " never talk to me again. "'
b'rt one problem with auto correct is that you always end up posting something you did not nintendo'
b'rt only one thing comes in the mind if you have classes in the weekends... wtf?'
b'rt on twitter :- sarcasm is my second language *behind the scenes* google search :- what is meaning of sarcasm'
b'rt on wikihow i am like - " how to be billionaire without working hard? "'
b"rt on windows, hitting ctrl +alt +del is your way of making a program, 'i want to talk to your manager '"
b"rt opens book reads questions assumes them simple book closed. that's how engg students studies"
b'rt open your mouth and talk, your gestures leave me clueless. last time this happened was in algebra class.'
b'rt other boys to girls with dog filter - you are such a cutie me - you are such a kutti *blocked *'
b'rt others : your closet is mess! me : oh yeah?! you should take a look at my life.'
b"rt our small and silly conversations mean more to me than you'll ever know."
b'rt packs 2 hours before leaving for a trip unpacks 3 months after coming home'
b'rt peeing in the shower instead of the toilet just once a day can save up to 2500 litres of water per year per person'
b'rt people are freaking out bc a lesbian couple is in finding dory but no one cared when a girl fell in love with a bee'
b'rt people are so ungrateful. no one ever thanks me for having the patience of not killing them.'
b'rt people be like " omg, i just died ". so how tf did you type that?'
b'rt people can not even wait for a pack of maggi to cook, i am sure not if they can wait 5 years to see a change!'
b'rt people die for their crush, i roll it smile'
b'rt *people ignore me like they ignore k in " knot " * smile -_- -. - -, -'
b'rt people near me are working hard to achieve their dreams... and here i am trying to eat a whole doughnut in a go'
b'rt people of my age are feeling honry and i am still feeling hungry.'
b'rt people say laughter is the best medicine... your face must be curing the world.'
b'rt people say love can be found in every corner. my life must be a circle slightly frowning face'
b"rt people tellin me i changed, that's exactly what i am gettin so i'll never be the same."
b'rt people who accept that they watch english movies with subtitles are most honest people.'
b'rt people who buy songs on itunes instead of downloading em free on google must buy oxygen for breathing...! sense'
b'rt people who check their fingers after rolling deep in their noses. what were you expecting? a piece of diamond?'
b'rt people who do not clean their underarms regularly are the real life criminal'
b'rt people who download got every week from torrents are feeling sad that 2 days before leak.'
b'rt people who keep saying " that\'s how thing works ", definitely have not tried any other way to do things.'
b'rt people who know the table of 13 deserve a national award relieved face'
b'rt people who order from subway without saying " ummm " should get a special discount.'
b'rt people who say, " i\'ll always be there for you " usually do not tell where they exactly are.'
b'rt people who still use bbm are those who still have myspace and orkut account and call on radio to play their fav. song.'
b'rt people - why you like your own dp..? me - charity begins at home.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt people with caption " it\'s me " like as if they had a facial surgery recently'
b'rt person : " are you ok? " me : " i am not ok but it\'s ok. "'
b'rt person :how are you? me : i literally have no idea'
b'rt person : how was your holiday? me : in the bed all day, bed all day'
b'rt person - reach for the sky. me - i do not even reach for the remote control which is kept too far. wtf with sky?'
b"rt plz remember that now that it's warm our lil bee friends wanna hang out in the sun 2 plz be careful and protect them ht"
b'rt politicians are like diapers. they both need to be changed regularly for the same reason.'
b"rt poor indian guys lost count between the number of girls & colleges that've rejected them"
b'rt post your pic on facebook. but pls do not put some extraordinary quotes with it.'
b'rt ppl say if god closes 1 door, he opens another. in my case, i guess those are front and back doors to the same destination'
b'rt prank calls are the best thing to do when you are with your friends. smile'
b'rt probably there are more angels on facebook than in the heaven.'
b'rt procrastination in india is found from 1st class. i mean who exactly does his holiday homework and projects in holidays.'
b'rt protect her like you protect the dark elixir in clash of clans'
b'rt protect your girl like how you protect dark elixer storage in clash of clans.'
b'rt pro tip : anything written after " pro tip " is probably bullshit.'
b'rt protip to lose weight - just turn your face left right whenever someone offers you food!'
b'rt proud moment when you catch a mosquito in your first attempt'
b'rt pulling the chain in a moving train was my childhood dream that never came true.'
b"rt question : if there are right and left shoes why aren't there right and left socks?"
b"rt question : what's worse than a biscuit drowning in the tea..? answer : the second biscuit on a rescue mission drowns too."
b'rt question : why do they call it " who wants to be a millionaire " when they know the answer is going to be everyone?'
b'rt quick tip : f you c k o f f'
b'rt rahul gandhi in congress is as useful as traffic lights in gta.'
b'rt random apps on facebook be like : check out like which celebrity ur 139th generation will look like smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'rt reached this point ; a sudden test does not bring a shock bit a sudden holiday does bring one'
b'rt reading through your facebook memories is actually a quick skim through the evolution of your brain.'
b'rt realizing maturity and i have a boy -friend! 2 things currently trending in india.'
b'rt real life heroes are those who. never ever sent a candy crush request to anyone'
b'rt real life villains are those who copy our posts and get more likes than us'
b'rt really in a horrible mood so do not piss me off anymore than i already am. thanks'
b'rt regret about past gives nothing, dreaming about future can give everything'
b'rt relationship preference : want to date a girl who knows the correct usage of apostrophes.'
b'rt relationships develop by " how are you? " and end with " who are you? "'
b'rt relationships is a 2 people thing some girls just does not understand that'
b'rt relationship status : her john cena. she can not even see me. ;_ ;'
b'rt relatives : so after all you have completed your degree, what can you do? me : i can vomit while watching your face'
b'rt relatives : what are you doing with your life.? me : clash of clans are : am : are : am : are : join my clan'
b'rt relatives : what are you going to do with your life? me : you know socrates was killed coz he asked too many questions.'
b'rt relatives : what you do? me : business! relatives : what kindaaa? :o me : non of your business!'
b'rt relatives who dont ask about marks.. yes, you are going to heaven!'
b'rt religion should make it mandatory for people to enter captcha, so that it can have only humans.'
b'rt remember when you thought people in their 20s were adults?hahahaha (pls help me )'
b'rt rich kids will never know the feeling when your mom forgets about 30 rs change after shopping.'
b'rt rich peoples buy iphone & poor peoples buy earphone.'
b"rt ross gellers ' favourite song : i just met you, this is crazy, so here's an engagement ring divorce me maybe."
b'rt sadness is when your 2g datapack is expiring in two hours and you still have 600mb of data left.'
b'rt sales clerk : sir are you going to buy that? me : no, i am just shop lifting it all the way to the cash register.'
b'rt samsung mobiles are jus like fish! if you remove em from charging,, they die'
b'rt sarcasm is like a girlfriend. some people will never get it. smile'
b'rt sarcasm is like electricity ; only half of the world gets it.'
b'rt sarcasm is like iphone. if you do not have an iphone, you do not have an iphone'
b'rt sarcasm is like my snacks, my friends think they will get it'
b'rt sarcasm is like our planet. people stay on the outer surface bc they know the inner core would burn them.'
b'rt sarcasm is when you also do not know what you said yet made sense like this tweet'
b'rt " sarcastic people have a damn great iq " - read somewhere and i am already feeling face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt *searched for tinder on the store* *realised that i use windows phone *'
b'rt *searches for an app* android store : get it for free! apple store : pay for it! windows phone : what? thats an app!'
b'rt seeing a spider is nothing. it becomes a problem when it disappears. :v'
b"rt selfie : because it's important to realize that it's not the photographer who is making you look ugly"
b'rt selfies on instagram are getting more filtered than water from kent ro'
b'rt sharing your own post on fb is the ultimate sacrifice of respect in the society.'
b"rt she : am i pretty or ugly he : both she : how? he : you're pretty ugly"
b'rt she : are you single or taken? he : both. she : how? he : i am single and taken for granted.'
b'rt she asked me " how do i look " but she never told me that i have to lie smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rt she : does your family pray before you eat dinner? me :nope, my mom knows how to cook!'
b"rt she : dont eat so much food.. me : why? she : you'll get fat! me : wow.. fat seems fun...! smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'rt she : do you believe in god..? me : no.. i believe in devil.. i bet he does not have a religion :3'
b'rt she : do you gym? do you even lift? me : no! yeah i can lift my middle finger very high for you... *face palm *'
b'rt she : hi me : hi she : what is love me : " you +me +pizza -you " *blocked *.'
b"rt she : hi me : i have a girlfriend :3 she : but you don't.. me : yeah *goes in the corner and cries *"
b'rt she : how much you love me? he : 0 divided by 0 she :? he : infinite *blocked *'
b"rt she : i am sick of you and you're nonsense! me : well take some medicine."
b'rt she : i passed the exam me : oh great..! she : whats great in that? me : adverb *blocked *'
b'rt she : i saw sharks evacuating water from their back me : they do not do that, you might be watching nickelodean'
b'rt she : omg did you just fall? me : no the ground just came up and smacked me in my face!'
b'rt she says i am her better half but she has a boyfriend!'
b'rt she : smoking doesnt affect my personality he : convince your liver about this'
b'rt she wanted him to go but worse was waiting for her. now the cockroach stretched its wings.'
b'rt she : what are you doing? me : typing *end of the story *'
b'rt she : what do you think we should make for dinner? me : food.'
b'rt she - what is sarcasm..? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat he - you are gorgeous..! face with stuck out tongue and winking eye she - oh! thanks he - did not you get it.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt shook hands with a girl today she ended up crying.. sorry girls, i am a haathbreaker'
b'rt sir -explain the clause " whatever dat goes around, comes around " me - monday'
b'rt sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fan fell down!'
b'rt sleeping for a longer period is all we learn in holidays.'
b'rt *sleeping* guy : were you sleeping? me : no, i was acting dead and thanks a lot for ruining my rehearsal!'
b"rt sleeping in an oversized hoodie seems like a good idea until its 2am and it feels like you're taking a bath with satan"
b'rt smile.. it brings joy to some and confuses the fuck out of the rest'
b'rt social media sites should also incude iq test in sign up process to determine if someone is mentally fit to join.'
b'rt society : be yourself society : no not like that'
b"rt so deep in friendzone that i paid for her and her boyfriend's lunch too..!"
b"rt so deeply friendzoned that girls send me nudes for approval whether they're good enough to send to their boyfriends"
b"rt solution for trust issues, always ask for the 'aadhar card photo '."
b'rt some girls are ao beautiful that, i see rejection for myself in their eyes'
b'rt some girls are so cute that if they use dove on their cheeks, dove would become soft.'
b'rt some guy : you actually have friends? me : yeah bro, all 10 seasons on dvd.'
b"rt some people are like clouds. when they go away, it's a brighter day."
b'rt some people are like hidden treasure, i would love to hide them bury the ground.'
b'rt some people are like trees, they take forever to grow up.'
b'rt some people are so ugly that when they goes to bank, they turn off the cameras.'
b"rt some people are up till late just to randomly text people and ask, 'why are they still awake '!"
b'rt some people help you so much tat they deserve a hi-fi on their face wid a chair.'
b'rt some people just piss me off so much like can you just shut your mouth for 5 minutes? thanks. face with tears of joy'
b'rt some people keep on saying " i am what i am "... well the question still remains the same. " what are you "'
b"rt some people need the'shock collar ' and i need the remote."
b'rt some people really piss me off non binary genders are not invalid k thanks'
b"rt some people's jokes are poorer than my salary!"
b'rt some people will never correct your grammar because even they are not sure of their grammar face with tears of joy'
b'rt some ppl keep their status - " i am single. and that\'s my attitude " me :- more than attitude, you need a mirror.'
b'rt some relatives are still living there because killing annoying people is a crime.'
b'rt " some teachers spread happiness wherever they go, and some whenever they go "'
b'rt sometime a time come, when you demand nothing from life, except 500 crore rs.'
b'rt sometime even mosquito, know my instincts better than my girl'
b'rt some time i think what\'s wrong with me, then i realize " eww do not open that door "'
b'rt sometimes all you want is to jump from an aeroplane without parachute smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rt sometimes couples are so clingy feels like i am watching two power rangers trying to fuse together'
b'rt sometimes i ask for an extra sheet of paper during examinations just to wipe my tears.'
b'rt sometimes i feel like i have my life together, and then i am like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds'
b'rt sometimes i think i should not give up, even uday chopra is working in few movies!'
b'rt sometimes i try being normal.. then i get bored... so i go back to being me xd'
b'rt sometimes i wanna be koala bear, 99% you sleep and 1% you search finding for love and if you do not you still sleep'
b'rt sometimes i wanna take a knife and stab it through your face but it is just that i do not have money to buy a decent knife.'
b'rt sometimes i wonder if all this is happening, because i did not forward that message to 10 people anguished face'
b'rt sometimes i wonder where is my hope. then i realize i gulped it down with the lukewarm coffee on my way to the office.'
b'rt sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.'
b'rt sometimes while solving maths problem, i feel like i am solving my life problem.'
b"rt some women are single because a good man isn't their type."
b'rt some women say " men will be men " i wonder if they expect some of them to change their gender'
b'rt so much for scientific advancements and everything. still can not cancel a text that is being sent.'
b"rt so much technical advancements but still 'objects in mirror look closer than they appear '"
b'rt son : dad what is self disrespect? dad :it is when you edit your own photo.. older man'
b"rt \xf0\x9f\x91\xb5: son do you know which bus to the hospital? \xf0\x9f\x91\xa6: just take any bus mom, and you jump once it's moving."
b'rt soo much work was done by newton yet we differentiate with respect to x and not with respect to newton'
b'rt sorry girls every time i can not focus on you because i get scared those faces you make sincerely camera'
b'rt south indian movies logic.. if you want to fight you need a reason and the reason is a woman you love.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt so you think girls click too much selfie? then look at the gallery of a boy who just hit 1 week going to the gym.'
b'rt stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk and only one of them knows about it.'
b"rt still searching for him who told 'just do 10th after that everything is easy '\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0"
b'rt still searching for person who has ever read terms & conditions fully.'
b"rt stomach vs tongue : when the pizza is so very much delicious but you're already full."
b'rt story of facebook : scroll up scroll down... *open link in new tab *(thats where the stalking begins ) smile'
b"rt struggling to wake up early? try on week off, you'll struggle to sleep."
b'rt stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo, love is just a quote, and lying is the new truth.'
b'rt students who hide d empty papers during exams become men who wear helmets to hide their bald heads'
b"rt studies shows that 4 out of 3 peoples are struggling with maths and 'grammer ' too smile"
b'rt successful proposal ever - take the girl on 20 th floor and say do or die smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'rt success is the happy feeling between the time you do something and the time you tell a women wat you did!'
b'rt summer : sun with face hair is lighter skin is darker water is warmer drinks are colder music is louder nights get longer life gets'
b'rt summer is awesome, if niggas do not get a chance to ride hot girls, they can atleast ride hot seated bikes!'
b"rt sundays are really bad because you can never see what's coming next.. monday!"
b'rt surprisingly, some people actually look the same in real life as they do in their aadhar card picture. :3'
b"rt take cricket, religion and other people's business out of their heads and indians will run out of topics to talk about."
b'rt taking a selfie and thinking to yourself, you are never doing that again!'
b'rt teacher : form a sentence using the word aftermath. me : i always feel sleepy after math class!'
b'rt teacher - how can we say india is a vast country? me - by mouth using tongue.'
b"rt teacher :- today we're gonna talk about basic needs in life. so tell me kids what do we need? me :- somebody to lean on"
b'rt teacher : where is your homework? me : my dog ate my homework and after that, i ate my dog.'
b'rt teacher : why are you late? me : i guess its because i did not make it in time!'
b'rt teacher :why are you late today. me :because of a sign. teacher :what sign. me : " school ahead go slow "'
b"rt tetris taught us if you're straight, you'll fit in better!"
b"rt thank god we do not have censors for out education system else we'd be studying alge *** and solving ***ignments"
b'rt thanks for all you do \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f but you do piss me off entirely to much unamused face'
b"rt that awesome moment when you read someone's status & realize that it is not meant for you"
b'rt that awkward moment in morning when even you do not remember whether you slept or not face with cold sweat'
b'rt that awkward moment wen you wanted to say somthin abt peter england but som 1 named peter disturb you in between'
b"rt that awkward moment when you come to know about nature's sound is actually creatures screaming to get laid!"
b'rt when you feel sudden richness on finding old laundered money'
b'rt that awkward moment when you misplaced something and you have to go in flashback, tracing your path in home to find it.'
b'rt when your battery life is still more than your percentage'
b'rt that awkward moment when you realize that " the little girl from bear island " is more mature than you.'
b'rt that awkward moment when you want to sleep but shit has already reached at your asshole'
b'rt that awkward moment expressionless face with all due respect you squeeze the paste out but that sarcastic idiot regrets u...'
b'rt that awkward movement expressionless face me - i want to marry my bed, bed - i have a boyfriend!.'
b'rt that awkward when you already said *moment* in your head before you read it xd'
b'rt that day is not far when " angel priya\'s " " daddy\'s lil princesses " and " attitude boys " on fb will have their own nation.'
b"rt that feeling when you are friend zoned by your social media accounts ' password!"
b'rt that lollipop moment... whn helping my sister in searching that chocolate that i just ate few hours ago.'
b'rt that lollipop moment whn you found ur newly bought clothes so tight or unfit.'
b'rt that lollypop moment when you ask your mother for food and she says have some fruits pineapple'
b"rt that looks rude... let me put 'lol ' or 'xd ' at the end smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat lol xd"
b'rt that moment wen you convince your parents to allow you go to execution along with your friends...! smile'
b'rt that moment when even a weak student of ur class counts you too in same category'
b'rt that moment when i break my head to write a tweet and nothing comes to my mind'
b'rt that moment when you hvnt prepared for exam and a day before exam you fell sick disappointed but relieved face'
b'rt that moment when you are halfway soft and yet she says " it\'s so big " :3'
b'rt that moment when you climbed down 3 floors and you realize that you only rs 500 note and no change for rickshaw.'
b'rt that moment when you feel super close to your new friend on facebook than any of your actual friends.'
b'rt that moment when your aunt joins facebook and posts an awkward message on your wall worry'
b'rt that moment when you realize you won the sperm race to make jokes on internet.'
b"rt that moment when your gf calls you at 4 at night and you forgot your cellphone in your parent's room."
b'rt that movie, where the toilet comes to the theatre'
b'rt that swagging moment when you are ugly af and yet girls ask you for your pic xd'
b'rt the awkward moment when you are being sarcastic and someone believes you.'
b"rt the awkward moment when you're the first one awake at sleepover, so you pretend to sleep until some one else wakes up"
b"rt the awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you never ever dated."
b'rt the backspace knows more about our feelings than any other person in the world.'
b'rt the best lesson gives us " leave the gun and take the canoli "'
b"rt the best thing is finding happinesd in sad situations example : laughing in front of relative's deadbody smiling face with sunglasses"
b'rt the best time to leave procrastination is tomorrow morning after a nice and comfy sleep.'
b"rt the comfort while wearing a cloth is directly proportional to the discomfort in paying it's price."
b'rt the cool part about naming your kid is you do not have to add six numbers to make sure the name is available.'
b'rt the day i crumble up a piece of paper and do not think about shooting it in the trashcan is the day i want to die.'
b'rt the day is not far when friendship day would be in the same hierarchy as raksha bandhan.'
b"rt the day is not far when we'll have to pay tax on the amount of tax we pay to the govt. in india! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'rt the difference between a " friend -zoned " and a boyfriend is... one buys her lunch and other buys her the dinner'
b'rt the difference between " girlfriend " and " girl friend " is that little space in between we call the " friend zone ".'
b"rt the disappointment you get after stepping on a nice crunchy leaf and it isn't crunchy at all!"
b'rt the easiest way of finding something : buy a replacement'
b'rt the fact is after monday and tuesday even the calendar says w t f'
b'rt the first guy to discover milk probably did lot of other weird stuffs.'
b"rt the first thing i do when i wake is'try to sleep again ' face with tears of joy"
b'rt the friend who looks good in group selfies is always the one who uploads it.'
b"rt the fucked up moment you realise that your bff is getting married and you'll die alone"
b'rt the go-to application for singles when the whole world is asleep : clean master *excessive junk detected *'
b'rt is the place where length of the clothes decides the character of a girl " "'
b"rt the guy who quoted sky is the limit wasn't aware of twitter!"
b'rt their are two kind of people 1. who buy apple 160 per kg 2. who buy apple 50k +'
b'rt the irony of sunday is that i never see the sun on this day.'
b'rt them : true love exists. me : yeah, in sweet flicks.'
b'rt the no. of times i used a backspace key is equivalent to the no. of girls i had a crush on.'
b"rt the older you get the more you understand squidward's anger."
b'rt the only benefit of dating a srilankan girl is that you have a very strong password!'
b"rt the only common thing between me and my crush is that we both have a 10 digit phone number. :'( sad"
b'rt the only girl who talk sweetly with me is customer care girl'
b"rt the only place where i can score free marks is in apsara's pencil advertisement..!"
b'rt the only race i win with my juniors is our age! they can never beat me on that.'
b"rt the only thing you can make in india is 'chutiya '"
b'rt the only time you wish for traffic is when she asks you to drop home.'
b'rt the only way to be happy in married life, pretend yourself a lion and your wife goddess durga... face with tears of joy'
b'rt the only way to lose weight from \xf0\x9f\x8c\xbfgreen tea is to pick it yourself from mountains unamused face'
b'rt the only world tour i can afford now is the one in the smile smile'
b'rt the phrase " all men are same " was 1st said by a chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in china.. face with tears of joy winking face'
b'rt the probability of finding an error in an attachment increases five folds once you have emailed it away.'
b'rt the process of making things easy is complicated..'
b'rt the pure satisfaction felt from deep down the heart when siblings gets scolded by mom.'
b'rt there are 2 kinds of people in the world ; 1. sarcastic 2. retards.'
b'rt there are 2 rules to be successful in lyf.. rule 1: never reveal all the secret you know'
b'rt there are always two types of people 1)goodday 2)hide and seek'
b'rt there are idiots, there are super-idiots, and then there are people who like their own posts. unamused face'
b'rt there are kids who were meant to be aborted, walking among us.'
b'rt there are many tough decisions in life. but wasting it is not one of them.'
b'rt there are some people who went to watch conjuring 2 and did not post on facebook yes, they do exist!'
b'rt there are thousands of lazy jokes because people are too lazy to think out of that.'
b'rt there are three sides to every story. * yours. * theirs. * and the security camera footage.'
b'rt there are two type of people : - who enjoy every moment - who snapchat every moment! xd'
b'rt there are two types of people - 1. people who like freinds 2. people who are crazy'
b'rt there are two types of people : 1. those who can do any work at anytime 2. those who can not even type this sente'
b'rt there are two types of people 1. those who have a gang 2. those who only have a best friend.'
b'rt there are two types of people : 1. use google to check if internet is working 2. use youtube to check its speed'
b'rt there are two types of people one who loves sarcasm & the one who can not live without it'
b'rt there are two types of people. those who stay on topic, and i like aaloo k paraathey'
b'rt there are two types of relatives r1. only asks about ur results r2. send good morning and good night pics every day'
b'rt the reason dudes get friend zoned. girl - what show do you watch? (expecting some classics ) boy - sasural simar ka'
b"rt there is always a dekisuki... who takes away shizuka from every nobita's life."
b"rt there is always one friend who says 'kuch bhi ' when asked wat he will have in a restaurant."
b"rt there is nothing bad about monday.. probably it's ur life that sucks.."
b'rt there may be 1000s of galaxies and crores of stars exists in space but here on earth my life, only exists in pizza!'
b'rt there are two types of people \xe2\x9e\xa1one who alwayz keep mobile data on \xe2\x9e\xa1one who only when they needs it..'
b"rt there's always that 1 mysterious toothbrush that belongs to no one in the family"
b'rt the secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.'
b'rt the spanking which indian parents accept and openly propagate is of the tv remote!'
b'rt the word " mississippi " and " cincinnati " was made only to teach permutations and combinations.'
b'rt the word mississippi was made just to teach us permutation & combination.'
b'rt the world has seen only half of my sarcasm, i am restricted by 140 characters.'
b'rt the worst sound which i have ever heard is my own recorded voice.'
b'rt the worst time in our life would be, waiting for the ordered pizza.'
b'rt they : beer or whiskey? me : extra large pizza with extra cheese. *get kicked out of the store *'
b'rt they say girls have all the tensions in the world i say they have never seen a son turn into a father.'
b'rt they say " silence and a smile are sometimes the best answer one can give. " but none of them works in my viva. why?'
b"rt they say that nobody is perfect. then they tell you practice makes perfect. i wish they'd make up their minds."
b'rt they want you to say the truth and be completely honest. me : *says truth* boom! now they hate you.'
b'rt thing i\'d do rather than making a phone call - " get eaten by a dinosaur that shows no mercy "'
b"rt things i am good at :1... 2... 3... that's it. thank you smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'rt this generation.. tv is becoming more cinematic and cinemas are becoming more episodic.'
b'rt this generation wants to listen to work work work on a saturday too!'
b'rt this is your pilot speaking. first, some good news. you guys get to be on the news tonight.'
b'rt this system has everyone thinking legal is right. slavery was legal.'
b'rt this tv channel life ok has made our lives not so okay'
b"rt those intense moments when you're trying to figure out whether she's blocked you or just deactivated her account! xd"
b'rt those people who wake up and stay up when your alarm comes on for the first time, how is it to have superpowers?'
b'rt those times are not far when to afford a pizza we have to hire an armed cash van to make payments.'
b'rt those who use \'hw are you doin.. am fyn " texts to save time.. time gets back at them during exams..'
b'rt though the quality of jokes of few comedians is worth incarceration ; the content of their jokes should never be'
b'rt three women were busy in some work in a silent room!'
b'rt times of india is the best newspaper. it suck all the oil of samosa.'
b'rt to all moms around the world : we cant pause a multiplayer online game! face with cold sweat'
b'rt to all those who write " uh " instead of " you " god bless with you that " y " and " you " you just saved.'
b'rt today i approached an african citizen and told that india loves him he replied " aiyoo haramkhor south indian hu "'
b'rt today i my sister took an hour to put the mascara i went up to her and... rubbed my eyes.. yes i am evil'
b'rt to live in the countries like syria or pakistan you either need balls or an ak 47 and grenedes'
b'rt tomato prices in bombay is shooting its high. why not you people buy a set of dummy and enjoy.'
b'rt toothbrush : do not you hate me for scrubbing you daily. teeth : anything for a goddamn selfie.'
b'rt to the next generation kids... good luck finding usernames'
b'rt to the world you might be one person but to one person you might just be the world.'
b'rt *true love hurts the most* one who said so never owned a furniture in his house.'
b"rt trying to close a facebook tab and a page dialog box opens and says, 'don't close your life, live it '"
b'rt trying to double tap on the like button on after using!'
b'rt twitter should be grateful to for making thousands of people sign up within such a short span.'
b'rt two contradictory statements :1. i do not believe in god 2. i can not live without my parents...!'
b'rt two types of people - 1st - normal 2nd - \xc3\xa4b\xc3\xb1\xc3\xb8rm\xc3\xa2\xc5\x82'
b'rt two types of people in this world. 1) those who have lunch at 1 pm. 2) i wake up at 1 pm.'
b'rt two types of ppl in the world - 1. happy 2. in relationship.'
b'rt two wrongs do not make a right... take your parents as an example!'
b'rt tyre goes flat on a hot summer day. whatsapp, fb lite are checked to make sure all chain messages are already shared.'
b"rt ugly ppl after showing their aadhar card say - photo isn't good, they did not take it well me - *go into silent mode* hushed face"
b'rt you know you messed up when you still have not slept yet and you hear birds chirping outside.'
b'rt you know what is more painful than break up? ur mobile phone in service centre for a day.'
b'rt you know you are jobless when someone asks for a miss call on their number so they can save yours.'
b'rt uncle - what do you feel proud of? me - i saved a child from cancer by liking and sharing his picture on fb'
b'rt understanding differences in variety of chickens is as difficult as understanding laws of quantum physics.'
b'rt ur crush smiling at you is nothing less than being in an armani underwear. only you kno d price & how much it holds for you'
b'rt video games ruined my life. good thing i have 2 extra lives. smile'
b'rt waiter :- good evening sir what would you like to have me :- reasons to live'
b'rt waiting to see how long it takes the police sketch artist to realize the person i am describing is him.'
b'rt wake up this determination.. go to bed with powerbank'
b'rt want a girlfriend? just smile while texting in front of your parents!'
b'rt want to test your friendship?.. ask them for wifi hotspot!'
b'rt watched a hollywood movie without subtitles, today. and i am already feeling like shakespeare!'
b'rt *watching series 8pm : " just one more episode before bed " 2am : " who needs sleep anyway? "'
b'rt we all have that one friend who looks like jethalal but still gets 100 + likes on his " dekh baby " captioned pictures.'
b'rt we all have that one friend who watches doraemon 24 hours'
b'rt we are engineers. we can do anything apart from engineering work.'
b'rt we are talking about peace on global level but i can not even find pepsi and coke in the same restaurant here'
b'rt we can neither confirm nor deny that this is our first tweet.'
b"rt we can teach kids that there's no 'i ' in team, but its way more important to teach them that there's no 'a ' in definitely."
b'rt weekend timeline : friday night -&gt ; saturday -&gt ; sunday afternoon -&gt ; i do not want monday -&gt ; sunday night'
b'rt went to an astrologer to know my future relationship status : he said horrorscope!'
b'rt went to exam center... realised why " sex ratio " really needs to improve... smile'
b'rt we only live once is literally a false statement. smirking face we live everyday, you only die once. smiling face with sunglasses'
b"rt what comes in your mind whenever you see in your crush's eyes *rejection *"
b'rt what did i do first thing after i became 18? joined " badoo "!'
b'rt what did the kid with no hands get as his bday present. gloves! lol am kidding, i dnt know, he hasnt opened it yet.'
b"rt what does the 'i do not give a sh*t ' mean! i wonder why the other person would want it \xf0\x9f\x98\xa8\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xab"
b'rt what do you call someone with no body and a nose? nobody knows!'
b'rt what do you get when you cross-breed a shark and a cow? i have no idea but i would not try milking it'
b'rt " what do you want to do son? " " i want to write tragic stories " " that\'s good you want to become an engineer "'
b'rt what ever problem you have... the only reason behind it according to indian parents is your cell phone...!'
b'rt what if i tell you pokemon actually means pocket monsters. face without mouth'
b'rt what if my barber and my parents had a chat and decided to give me anti girl haircut always?'
b'rt what is common between an off day at school and honey singh fans? no class.'
b'rt what is patriotism? going for honeymoon in india'
b'rt what is that sound that gives you chills? a : coldplay'
b'rt " what is the 4 word answer which is the solution to everything " ak ~ " blame it on modi "'
b"rt whatsapp family group be like : group's name : crazy family. group dp : laxmiji!"
b'rt whatsapp update failed, play store error : " wtf are you gng to do with updated version, nobody texts you anyway ".'
b'rt " whats happening? " twitter asks about my life more than anyone else.'
b"rt what's the best thing of not having a gf? man,, you'll hav your life fo yourself!"
b"rt what's the difference between a maid and a younger shibling? a maid gets paid for her slavery"
b"rt what's the escape velocity required to escape the friend zone?"
b"rt what's the hidden talent of krk... he can stop his pee for more than 24 hours."
b'rt " whats the point of being alive if you can not clean your own room " ~my mom'
b"rt what's the similarity between your heart in love and bajrang dal? both beat faster when you're with your lover."
b"rt what's your iq level? me : i do not play that game.. i am at 262 in candy crush!"
b'rt what would you call a gujju game of thrones author? george ararara martin'
b'rt when a girl messages you and you automatically assume it is a prank by your friends.'
b'rt when a girl reads my message and yet does not reply, i feel so honoured that i made her speechless'
b'rt when a girl tells you, " you are right " well that\'s called sarcasm.'
b"rt when alia bhatt was asked about torrent, she said it's a hollywood movie whose launch date clashes with"
b"rt whenever i feel'days are going so fast ', i scare someone is controlling the whole time using time machine!"
b'rt whenever i see maruti 800 van, i think somebody is going to be kidnapped.'
b'rt whenever i think of going on a diet, a chocolate looks at me and snickers. *bdm* *tsk *'
b'rt whenever i want to get rid of someone i ask him/her for a favour.'
b'rt whenever i watch an english movie without subtitles. i feel like mosquitos are buzzing in my ears.'
b'rt whenever something bad happens with me, i see a quote related to it on facebook.'
b'rt whenever you feel useless, remember there is a scroll lock key in your keyboard.'
b'rt when girls breakup.. " daddy\'s angel " when in a relationship.. " daddy\'s good girl " if you know what i mean.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy smiling face with horns'
b'rt when girls say, " it\'s not you, it\'s me. " studies have found it\'s probably you'
b'rt when i am free nobody texts me.. when i am busy, damnit! still nobody texts.. *forever alone *'
b'rt when i ask you a question i expect a direct answer stop giving wierd reactions. who are you? organic chemistry?'
b'rt when i die i want my last words to be " i left 10 crore rupees under the... " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x91\xbb'
b'rt when i set a morning alarm... i try to keep my phone as far as possible from my bed.'
b"rt when it's still summer bur parents still make you get up"
b'rt when i used to think people in their 20s were adults! lol yet i am 20 year old kid :-p'
b"rt when i was at nursery i want to be an octopus so i can slap 8 of my retards cm8's at once"
b'rt when am angry n nt in in the mood of talking to anyone... da ppl near me are lyk dying to talk wid me'
b'rt when my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? i told him everyone knows he does not hire stupid people.'
b'rt when my relatives arrive at my home me : hey, i just found ur nose, it was in my bussiness'
b'rt when nothing goes right, go to sleep.'
b'rt when people pronounce sarcasm as scarcasm and pretend to be sarcastic... me (in the head ) : you leave a scar on humanity expressionless face'
b'rt when somebody says " expect the unexpected " slap them in the face and say " you did not expect that did you. " face with tears of joy'
b'rt when someone asks if the conjuring 2 was scary, i say " not as scary as my future. ".'
b'rt when someone i hate meets me somewhere he : hey man, its been a long time! *me looking at my watch* me : yeah, bye.'
b'rt *when someone tries to play sarcastically with me* me : so a lamb is trying to take down a lion?'
b'rt when something get heat it expands so i am hot not fat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt when they said to you at graduation " follow your dreams, " did anybody say you had to wake up first?'
b"rt when u're dead.. uh do not even know that u're dead.. itx only pain for others.. same thing when u're stupid! smirking face"
b'rt when ur girl tells you d secrets of her bestie... dude dats when she actually accepted you as friend winking face'
b'rt when ur hair will not listen to you and its a mess and ur just like? i grew you myself? i gave you life and this is how y'
b"rt when you ain't sad and you ain't happy both at the same time ; you are probably empty."
b"rt when you are unfriending someone useless but remember that same guy gave you an extra pen in exam 3 years back so you don't."
b'rt when you can not open the wall of your follower. like really?'
b"rt when you gotta delete your post because you're not just the same person you were 6 minutes ago."
b'rt when you have not turns of your laptop for more than a week...'
b'rt when your crush texts you first and you suddenly realize that god does not really hate you. grinning face'
b"rt when you're going to mark the answer of last question, but the omr is full."
b'rt when your mom has been telling you to wake up like 29283 times and you still laying down n she suddenly come in ur room'
b'rt when your smartphone camera\'s " beauty " function does not make you beautiful'
b'rt when you think ur selfie is fire but you get 3 likes in 2 hours'
b'rt when you write on a paper without margins'
b'rt where there is a will, there will be a death.'
b'rt where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. said no girl ever.'
b'rt while parking every watchman gives his own extraordinary suggestion even if you are parking on right place.'
b'rt while recharging on paytm, i wonder when i gonna win that lakhpati offer!'
b'rt who said water is tasteless?!? it tastes like a drink from heaven when i wake up thirsty in the middle of the night!'
b'rt " whr have all the good men gone? " " they\'re ryt where you left them... in the friend-zone! "'
b'rt why become a doctor when you can simply type " amen " on facebook and cure people.'
b'rt why buy soupy noodles when you can pour extra water in maggi noodles and sip it up?'
b'rt why does snapchat thinks i am going to pay for fake tears, when i can get them free just by thinking about my life.'
b'rt why do not you just signed in!? believe me ur village will be safe in hands of googleplaygames!'
b'rt why do you even need enemies in your life.. when you have your own relatives to take over their roles.'
b'rt why fall in love when you can fall asleep.'
b'rt why i love social media? because am not a social person.'
b'rt why take sleeping pills when you can just read rd sharma and fall asleep! smile'
b'rt why twitter can not exist in game of thrones universe? because all the 140 characters will be killed.'
b'rt wifi went down for five minutes, so i had to talk to my family. they seem very nice people.'
b'rt with great power comes great difficulties in factorising the polynomials'
b'rt *without makeup* girls get ignored so much that their nickname is like terms and conditions. smile'
b'rt without opening the first drawer.. the last drawer will never open! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt with these ever lasting powercut i wish i had a pikachu!'
b'rt women always worry about the things that men forget. men always worry about the things women remember.'
b'rt women call me ugly until they figure out how much money i make. then they call me ugly and poor.'
b'rt work hard until your bank balance looks like your phone number smirking face smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b"rt x : what's the time? y : it's 10 past 5. x : is it correct time? y : no, just 24 hours fast!"
b'rt *year 2020* me on facebook : sharing memory of memory of memory of memory of... neutral face memory of pic from year 2010.'
b'rt yes, i strongly judge people who use fb apps like ; which celebrity do you like, which is ur real dad, etc.'
b'rt yesterday, i fell down from a 10 meter ladder. thank god i was on the third step.'
b'rt you are not only attached to the ppl you like or love. your attachment to those you dislike or hate is much deeper!'
b'rt you aren\'t successful if you have not posted the status " travelling to dubai/us/any european country "'
b'rt you are only successful at your life when you name your son goku.'
b'rt you are the writer of your own story your mom is the editor'
b'rt you call yourself a photographer because you own a dslr? i own a pen, i am an author.'
b'rt you can pursue career in any direction and field but you dare not drop out from engineering. - indian parents.'
b"rt you can not travel to space with the money you have. but you can buy a bag full of weed and that's kinda same thing bruh!"
b'rt you dont bother me girl i am like karma, when i will hit you... i will hit you hard'
b'rt you do not need any kinda negativety in life. better stay away from people who do not like batman.'
b'rt you do not need a woman to make a house into home. wifi does it for you!'
b'rt you do not need people in your life who only pretend like you matter the one day and act like you dont even exist the next da'
b'rt you either die single, or live long enough to have arranged marriage.'
b'rt you have succeeded as a child, if your mother is addicted to phone more than you.'
b'rt you just keep doing everything you can go piss me off.! thanks sleeping face'
b'rt you know what is harder than finding true love? finding a good clan in clash of clans.'
b'rt you know what would be weird a male boxing coach of a female team saying i am in my boxers. smile'
b"rt you know when someone will completely accept you, when they'll see your before sneeze face and still be with you."
b"rt you know why so many girls do not use twitter? bcoz 140 words aren't enough"
b'rt you know you are in a good relationship when you forgot it was monday.'
b'rt you know you are ugly when you get handed the camera every time they take a group photo.'
b'rt you know you are watching a tamil/telegu movie when the heroine falls in love with her stalker.'
b'rt you know your damn role and shut your damn mouth - the rock'
b"rt you know you're poor when you buy normal band-aids instead of the waterproof ones."
b'rt you know your life has gone to gutter when you are friend zoned even by your maid!'
b'rt you might love your life, but i think it just wants to be friends.'
b'rt you never truly know a co-worker, till you see how they react to a paper-jammed copy machine.'
b'rt you only live once ; but if do it right, once i enough.'
b'rt " your best teacher is your last mistake " no mistakes = no best teacher... smile'
b"rt you're afraid to go out in 35 \xe2\x84\x83, yet you spend your life earning for hell"
b'rt you\'re not an indian kid if you have not recited the tables as : " one one za one " during school.'
b"rt you're not a true indian if you can not sing the title song of vicco and nirma"
b"rt you're not you when you're hungry. me :(always ) who am i?"
b'rt your family will not consider you as an engineer until you do not repair an electronic appliance at home'
b"rt your prayer before exam, goes straight to the god's spam folder! smile"
b'rt youtube should know that - we can tolerate ads... we can tolerate buffer... but when ads buffer... we suffer angry face'
b'rt youtube shows all the deleted scenes of a movie but will never show the scene you want to watch.'
b'rule of math : if it seems easy, your doing it wrong.'
b"rules in algebra : if it seems easy, you're doing it wrong."
b'rum makes everything better'
b"rumors. well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs."
b"running away does not help you with your problems, unless you're fat. then yeah, run."
b"running like a gorilla up the stairs because it's easier that way."
b'running on 0 hours of sleep so do not piss me off, k thanks'
b'running on 3 hours of sleep... did not even touch my humanities hw... good start to a good day.'
b'running on few hours of sleep. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'running on half hour of sleep'
b'running toward my dreams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth.'
b"wait which psych class are you doing? they're like all on friday"
b'filming that was so fun. you running down that dark hallway. lol that fake blood was nasty af'
b"legends of wrestling was fantastic. love how they cut to footage that's being talked about"
b'-the store. " not excited for the hurting like hell part. we\'ll probably have to ice our dicks after this... "'
b': hmm. yes these are the people the scottish will want to " stay together " with. " defo!'
b'rutgers laundry rooms bring back great memories'
b'i wait more than a minute but for stream cough cough'
b"it's okay, i can relate... i couldn't keep the boys off of me... face with tears of joy"
b'oh i love independent! big chains were my least favorite in clinicals. but no the guy was actually probably in his 60s face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"ryan and i literally snapchat each other all the time... totally. it makes a lot of sense that he's my bestie"
b"i'll hold my breath for her response."
b'my mom is so supportive of the decisions i make smiling face with sunglasses " that\'s a goo one brudder face with tears of joy'
b'thought that may get your attention! lol by choice!'
b'mate, most fans would give their right arm to experience them again for the first time!'
b'respect to anyone who has worn the shirt, i for one would give my right arm to achieve this'
b"good for you! it's great 2 stay busy. i just completed the master gardener program & look forward to doing the volunteer service smile"
b"i just got fag ash in my eye and it burnt lmao, i'll be back in a sec i need to wash it out"
b"and when ppl would be mean to them they'd tag it as a fav omg"
b"omg i saw that well i think you're cute when you're upset, but beautiful when you smile smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'sad bc stuck babysitting while friends are out'
b'sad day tommrow have to say good by to my hair...'
b"saddest thing in the world is watching someone's true colors ruin the picture they painted in your head"
b'sad i have to literally leave work early to go close all of my accounts. not a good day for customer service'
b'sad is going to bed at age 23 excited to wake up for work bc of the new jbiebs and 1d albums that have become part of your morning routine'
b'sad that so many people do not know the difference between state capitalism (with a top-down command economy ) & real socialism.'
b"sad thing is, two people can love each other, but unfortunately y'all know a relationship would not work tired face"
b'running good got busy this summer so interior in garage this winter. i have some great ideas'
b'saganaki, gazpacho, and tagine... thinking of our writing class christmas dinner is making me hungry. alas, i have to wait for 2 more weeks.'
b'are living in a world where losing phone is more dramatic than losing virginity.'
b'is not going to fall in love with you if you go from lovey to jerk on repeat.'
b'love late nights, but hate getting up the next day.'
b'love to argue, and you best believe they will win every argument.'
b'your gorgeous an sexy as fuck id give my right arm to taste you sahara'
b"i would give my right arm for marc to take 20 shots per game, luckily for me that'll never happen"
b"oh why thank you, you're so kind unamused face"
b"it's brilliant comedy history now! i can not wait to let my kids watch it just sheer brilliance!"
b'same places, different faces, hoping things would never change, sadly at one point we got to look shit head on and know what we facing'
b'well i call this one their going to be a upset tomorrow i am 100 -12 in predict playoff game'
b'in that way'
b'he was my boss and he gave me the day off to go out with him but we did not fall in love until we travelled'
b"santa saw your instagram photos and this year, he's getting you clothes for christmas."
b'santa, this christmas i hope you can spare a few pairs of extra thick foam shoes for my upstairs neighbors so they can stop being elephants'
b"omg yes it does look good! & that's why i hate ordering it's never looks the same. thank you so much \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i think 92 pounds is okay for me 95. 5'
b'ha ha that is funny. ok now talk about something else omfg'
b'tough when the answer to that is "all of them"'
b'you can hate all you want, but he already win you know. sad that is such a fucking liar. sorry.'
b'hey i am the only one who is a pain in your butt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so can we now start blaming her for ur son getting drunk and beating his gf???'
b'asu is gay af i was there this weekend greek life sucks the people suck'
b'sarcasm do not you just love it when people change?'
b': drugs bless you'
b'sarcasm has become my first language!'
b'face of a'
b'watch this.. and if you have some shame left show this on ur channel'
b'we teach on campus sushi classes & would love to come down! see website for more info'
b'sat in bed munching on pick n mix - you would not think i was going to mexico in 4 weeks time! spouting whale'
b'sat in water and now my pants are all wet smiling cat face with open mouth'
b'sat night and i am stuck babysitting smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'saturday marks my 1st tourney since hurting my back. excited and nervous, looks like it is going to a wet one.'
b'sausage roll n 2 packs of hula hoops, dinner of champions that unamused face'
b'save energy! you would not like it if someone turned you on and left you'
b'save your little napkin, bartender. i do not plan on having this drink long enough to set it down.'
b'saving a file as " jhdhxhsbz " because you\'re too lazy to write a proper title.'
b"sawalightinyou : the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided, to move the furniture so we could"
b'saying " i am almost there ", when you actually have not even left the house'
b'saying " ok " a billion times just to get your parents to stop talking.'
b"saying, that's crazy! when you have not been paying attention to what someone's saying. i do that all the time."
b'saying " we can still be friends " after a breakup, is like saying " hey the dog died but we can still keep it. "'
b'saying " yeah i am on my way. " when you\'re still at home.'
b"saying you'll wake up early in the morning to get something done, then in the morning convincing yourself it's not that important"
b'say no to drugs. say yes to the dress. say maybe to facebook events.'
b"say texass, gee ' thanks for loving the kennedy's so much, now just keep that miserable fucked up shit all to lonesome soulless selves,,,,,"
b'say thanks to the girl that fucked us up.'
b'good i can not wait. i will actually get to meet you without being to shy and awkward to say hi. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'well he knows how much you love to talk puke'
b"scheduled back to back to back to back classes (yes that's 4 in a row ) on fridays, am i actually a college student or is this high school?"
b'school :2 + 2 = 4 homework :2 + 4 + 2 = 8 exam : juan has 4 apples, his train is 7 minutes early, calculate the suns mass.'
b"hahahaha it's fuckin high school get out can not wait to leave you behind"
b'school did not even start yet and it looks like i just showered'
b'school does not even test your intelligence, it tests your memory.'
b'school for 12 years, college for 4 years, then you work until you die. cool.'
b'school for 6 hours and then work for 6 hours'
b'school from 12 -4:25 than straight to work from 5 -?'
b"school got cancelled and everyone's all wet face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face"
b'school has been nothing like the magic school bus.'
b'school has officially end good'
b'school. in about 45 minutes. yay... not looking forward to it'
b'school in one hour good'
b'school is actually not that bad right now for me.. good'
b'school is full of people who love to start shit just shut up and worry about yourself got damn'
b'school is just an endless cycle of " i just need to make it through this week " every week'
b"school is like a boner. it's long and hard... unless your asian"
b"school is not even about learning. it's about how much stress you can handle before you have a mental breakdown."
b'school literally takes years off my life and is responsible for my wrinkles at a young age raised hand'
b'school taught me a lot of stuff but mostly it taught me how to get ready in 15 minutes'
b'yet but i can send you brochures by email. whats your email?'
b'science class :1% learning. 99% thinking about how people have found out all of this stuff.'
b'scientist : an average teenagers go on the internet 16 hours a week me : you mean per day scientist : what me : what'
b'scientists have figured out how to turn wood into food, giving them access to technology subway has had for years.'
b'scientists say the universe is made up of : protons, neutrons and electrons. they forgot to mention morons.'
b'narconon suncoast drug rehab held a grand opening without having a license | rfttp'
b'is a fantastic event and our nhls staff is keeping busy! great people a lot of brilliance in this room.'
b"yeah i've been bullied by some i am just so devastated about it x"
b'he was brilliant with media'
b"i'd give my right arm just to have a normal conversation with him.. no paps, no pix just talking xx"
b'screaming " nooooooooo " when the teacher starts erasing the board when you\'re not done copying.'
b'screaming " rain rain go away come again another daaaaaay! " seems an effective way to settle down for a nap...'
b'screw school " i say as i do all my homework and aim for all as'
b'would be great if that lot exploded. as long as they were far away from normal people.'
b'we have to take a zillion courses so classes with the course load of 3 credits only counts for like 1 credit good'
b'sean saw the goal and yelled " challenge it! " he\'s lucky i love him.'
b"yeh great. although i hurt my back. but i am in a small laid back town called pai and i've got a week of just doing nothing smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'seasonal temps piss me off so much. please do me a favor and jump off a bridge. thanks'
b'working with young kids i see a lot of misconceptions of " love ", tolerance, patience and understanding'
b'*secretly having a mental breakdown because nothing is going right and all motivation is lost *'
b'seeing a spider is nothing. it becomes a problem when it disappears.'
b'seeing cute & hot 13 year olds gets me so angry theyre supposed to be awkward with bad haircuts theyre supposed to suffer the same way i did'
b'seeing someone slowly lose interest in you is one of the worst things ever'
b'seeing that makes me feel real happy.'
b'seeing the girl you like with someone else is possibly the worst feeling in the world'
b'seeing the seniors in high school tweet/talk about how hard it is.. just wait till college my friend smiling face with smiling eyes ohhhhhhh just wait!'
b'seeing woohyun a day motivates me to go school everyday and 2 more weeks to holidays good i can do this shitz'
b'seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. awesome.'
b'seems as if him miss me'
b"seems like abusing a child isn't as serious as abusing a woman"
b'seems like a good way to end up single is liking long walks on the beach.'
b'seems like my body should have better things to do than make nipple hair.'
b'see? there ya go, threatening me with a good time, then ripping it away aggressively. this is why we can not have nice things'
b'literally just want you to notice me loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'btw you yourself dont use your voice in your own live show tbh sucker'
b'hey selena i understand your condition of lupus really i want you are right now good, i dont know you in person but you are special'
b'thank you... you just crashed my birthday present for my little sister.'
b"you're the most important person in my life. i love you"
b'self advocate only if you want to advance and be noticed.'
b'self -checkout lanes were invented by a guy who was sent out to buy tampons.'
b'heheh i am so smart face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nash will never notice me because i am a retard loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'semi is fun but a project on stds is totally funner!'
b'send me a consistent nigga that i can fall in love with, that will love me unconditionally and can call mine, i am just waiting on you'
b'send me a pic " is where a girl loses all respect for you.'
b'senior homecoming is going to be great... expressionless face'
b'senior year and i still do not understand high school. i never asked to be stressed 24/7. thank you teachers'
b"senior year : the time where you meet people two months before you graduate you wish you'd met two years ago"
b'oh mr centerfold you are now a foreign policy expert wow you are such a multitasker'
b"i've honestly never been happier. you guys make me smile, every day. sad thank you for taking the time to talk to me. smile"
b"really?! that's pretty funny. i think guys with dark hair look good in purple lol grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'seriously do not know what i would do without my license/car'
b'seriously hate school just feel like i am wasting time. time to drop out and start my music career right?'
b'seriously hate the hiccups unamused face i literally sound like im barking'
b'seriously how fun would it be to get your phd in synthetic chemistry and work with grant money to create new antibiotics?! loudly crying face'
b'seriously lloyd! always perfect timing train!'
b"seriously lol my life. currently thinking about all of the things that i've screwed up lately."
b'seriously my favorite thing is when people remember little things i told them... like seriously? you actually listened to me thank you'
b"seriously need a fag but it's fucking freezing"
b'seriously only shaved one leg in the shower... and the sad part is this happens to me too often'
b'seriously? snow? ask me how much i want to get out of bed now..'
b'seriously thank you everyone for everything you do and always helping me out'
b'seriously the one person i do not like you go and tell her everything...'
b"seriously though guys when jesus comes back i do not think he's going to be thrilled there's an exercise called crossfit"
b"seriously? what was that? i swear the divas ' segments are so bipolar - one week so great and the other so bad. nice buildup."
b'seriously, whenever i delete text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'btw thanks for making me feel guilty for enjoying a hot dog. thank you so very fing much.'
b'i love xmas so much i puke it'
b"said he smokes 4 joints on his day off & 5 if he's working! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat seth and are the most hilarious guests on"
b'set off the fire alarm in my apartment from burning my dinner... you could say i am a professional chef flushed face'
b'*sets off fire alarm trying to make toast in oven**toast still comes out perfect *'
b'settle down, people having fun. i am clearly trying to be miserable over here'
b'oh yeah fuck being sleepy i am gonna eat kush ass cheesies'
b'seven billion people on this planet and i have 2 friends'
b"sex, drugs and candy crush all have one thing in common. it's only an addiction if you start paying for it."
b'sex is like a gas station. sometimes you get full service. sometimes you gotta ask for service & sometimes you have to be happy w/ self service!'
b'sex is like comedy. most of the time i do not get it, but i act like i do.'
b"sex is like high school... you miss a period and you're in trouble."
b'sex never read so good! get your sheets wet with the chronicles of sin! -'
b'i want my kids n his to blend as blood n pure respect n hon i are n fun n working our rationally n peacefulness'
b"sex with an ex is like ramen noodles when you're drunk. it hits the spot but it's never your first choice."
b'sex with the right person can be addicting as fuck ok hand sign'
b'sexy and i know it. rough news today. prayers appreciated.'
b'\'sexy \' lexi thompson all grown up & one young recruit " mama, do not let your babies grow up to be golfers. "'
b'sexy singles in your area want to meet you, then ignore you while you both stare at your phones.'
b': i literally just about killed myself falling down stairs and it\'s just 9:30 am... grinning face with smiling eyes " \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3'
b'i will really enjoy those pics n not say anything'
b"you're very welcome. & good will you bring it to school tomorrow?"
b'shakespeare : " to be or not to be. " satre : " to do is to be. " socrates : " to be is to do. " scooby doo : " do be do be do. "'
b'no worries... we have a list of ways to help!'
b'you look great! and good luck on ur exam! 3'
b'shall i or shall i not? k'
b'shame city lost eh!?'
b'shame we can not have nice things without assholes ruining it'
b"is the man that shows me that it's ok to love the jerks."
b'same. its terrible. i am literally in the middle of lectures right now and am thinking about worry'
b'shanice sat at work with me for damn near my whole shift face throwing a kiss love my b! tch'
b'" you just went there to rekindle your love eh " lmao fuckin chad face with tears of joy'
b'god i wish we had as good sunsets in england but its just wet and foggy'
b"now that you're in the are you going to wrestle"
b'shaquel you need to get your license so you can pick us up and take us to gym " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'share your own pictures some more, maybe you will find a guy for your personality.'
b'wow that took me one whole minute to find'
b"shaved one leg, that's how i am feelin"
b'shaving your legs. more like yoga in the shower with razor blades.'
b'" of course, i would not want her to be upset or angry.. " she nodded, setting down her empty cup. " well, shall we head out? "'
b': happy birthday i have the perfect bday beverage for your cup... milk'
b'shawn gone be so upset, well ioonoo'
b'good luck and have fun on the last show'
b'how are your spanish classes going? lots of love from colombia'
b'i can not wait for the rest of the album i am so excited!!'
b"i'd like to participate in a long emotional hug with you."
b"i love mercy babe \xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97 proud of u! you wrote one of the best lyrics i've ever listened with 17 years old. explain me : how?!?!"
b'i love your new song i know what you did last summer! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f was it fun working with on that?'
b'do you remember me i yelled to you while you were walking acrossed the stage at the nh show? love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f 1'
b"the one thing i need in my life is a hug from you. i wish i could thank you for everything, but i know that'll never happen"
b'this is insane. i can not imagine sharing my heart with so many people who look up to me at once'
b'what! i am gone for a few minuets and you turn into elmo and starting talking in the third person?'
b"you love them because that's the only time you have privacy to jack off"
b'shawnmila working on the duet during the summer tour'
b'i got something similar not too long ago. the note said " i sent this just as i received it, thought you\'d enjoy it "'
b"she ain't want to get caught slipping face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'she got a big booty so i call her by her real name and i do not let her physical appearance define her as a human being.'
b"she got pissed, because i kept replying to her 'good morning ' on truecaller instead of messenger in sleep."
b'she has to live a life. like think about that. sleeping is a fucking chore for her'
b'she heard me call her a b*tch so now i have 100 problems.'
b'the good news is there are no members! so they can not get caught in scandal!'
b'she is a keeper.'
b'she just wanna drink all my leaan'
b'she knows just how much i love my birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x95'
b'- " i am so over skinny chicks. " me - " what\'s the real problem? - " i am fat. " true'
b'she looks nothing like her'
b'she lost the first set, amazing'
b'she loves school'
b'she needs to change her mind... what you think.'
b"shenmue 3 kickstarter collector's edition - and still got probably another 3 years to wait for it"
b'she only love me when the sun goes down'
b'she picked one hell of a day to get married.'
b"she put on 100 pounds in two years. doctors couldn't find a reason."
b'back in the day a whipping fixed every thing'
b"she's a combination of sensitive and savage. has a smart mouth but gets upset when she isn't receiving the amount of attention she wants."
b'she said i could poop while she was in the shower, but apparently she meant in the toilet. why can not women just say what you really mean!'
b'shesgotwhatittakes : shesgotwhatittakes : while cleaning out my room i found a paper that my therapist'
b'she shaved one leg, and left the other one hairy for 3 weeks. why? because she says it feels like mine when they rub! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'she texted me : " youre adorable. " i replied : " no. you\'re adorable. " now she likes me. all i did was point out her typo.'
b'she think she hot'
b'she thinks the real is the best show in the world!'
b'she was a beautiful person but i heard her sound of chewing food.'
b'she weighed one pound at birth so doctors wrapped her in'
b'shhh if you keep quiet long enough you can hear nobody giving a fuck about what you have to say'
b'thanks man smiling face with smiling eyes much love heavy black heart'
b'shit can not be perfect overnight. good things are built over time. they do not just pop up out of no where'
b'shit goes down on damn it never fails and i love it'
b'shit happens, i mean look at you.'
b'shit happens when you trust the wrong people.'
b"networks reported bush 2006 low approval numbers 13 times more than obama's 2014 numbers"
b'shocking that ap is back already...'
b'" because i do not have, nor do i barely want any. and if i do decide to join your guild, i would love to be left alone. "'
b"shoot for the moon. even if you miss, you'll be really far away from me with your motivational nonsense."
b"shoot for the moon. even if you miss, you'll land in a field somewhere cause gravity you idiot."
b'shopping alone is the best.'
b'shopping for antiques wont make you gay, but it will make you buy curios.'
b"shopping rule if it's not black put it back on the rack"
b'short replies are a no-no unless its me giving them smile'
b'shorts and boots with the fuuuurrrr'
b'should be a great day on the slopes with my mom and her boyfriend and his son'
b'should be working on my paper buttttt not going to'
b'should have looked at myself more closely before i left the house this morning'
b"shouldn't we get paid to use the self-service checkouts in supermarkets? it's like we work there for a little while."
b"shouldn't you have to pass a drug test to get a welfare check since i have too pass one to earn it for you?"
b"should've seen nikita trying to rush me to the hospital. my body was covered in hives, i had a big allergic reaction and my face swelled up"
b'should we follow our president on insta? ha'
b'shout out to all the chemistry kids coming in and having fun with us today \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b'
b'shoutout to all the double texters, fast repliers, and people who understand the sarcastic " smiling face with smiling eyes " we are all truly grateful'
b'shout out to all the guys who hit on my best friend! face with tears of joy'
b'shout out to all the slow walkers in the hallways'
b'shout out to bees, willing to kill themselves just to inconvenience a hater.'
b'shout out to deborah brown and justin hylar who worked hard to get me home when 2 of my 3 flights were canceled. thanks! you rock!'
b"shoutout to huntsville's middle for breaking my jaw on a hard hit that i took to the face! you the real mvp"
b'shout out to my brother for always playing piano when i am trying to sleep'
b'shout out to my floor for respecting quiet hours'
b'shoutout to my haters " i am under the illusion that that people are jealous of me when in fact i have nothing going on.'
b'shoutout to my mom, you the real mvp for cleaning my room. keep up the good work sport'
b'shout out to my parents for paying the internet bill every month god bless you'
b'shoutout to my professor for starting the class early'
b'shout out to my sister for being so great'
b'shoutout to my suite mate for getting it in this morning while i was showering. i love to hear sex noises first thing in the morning unamused face'
b'shout out to sidewalks. thanks for keeping me off the streets.'
b"shoutout to that ex that you never actually dated but when y'all stopped talking it felt just like a break up"
b"shoutout to that one person that hears you when you're talking in a group and smiles or replies so you dont feel like an idiot"
b'shoutout to that vulgar face you make while trying to control your laughter in the crowd thinking about us.'
b'shout out to the chicks that say, " so what are we now? " after fucking on the first date... bitch we just fuckin!'
b'shoutout to the friends that actually hit you up to make plans with you, you are very much appreciated'
b'shout out to the government for emailing me to tell me how much i owe them! thanks.'
b'shoutout to the herd of elephants that moved in upstairs'
b'shout -out to the little boy that drove by my interview outside in pueblo west today and yelled " i love channel 5! " we love you too!'
b'shoutout to them niggas talking that i am working on my summer body now, the only exercise they working is the fork to mouth and drinks to gut'
b'shoutout to the osborne fam for supporting me at my game in osborne. face without mouth'
b'shout out to the people who have already asked the exact questions from my homework on yahoo answers'
b"shoutout to the people who text me first, hit me up with plans, or check up on me from time to time y'all a real one"
b'shoutout to the state of nebraska for making me get more shots... just a perfect end to my day...'
b'shoutout to the teachers who ask how you feelin when your head is down instead of bitching at you'
b'shout out to whomever came to see me at the baby expo tonight! what a great and busy night and thanks for'
b'showered like half hour ago and just realized i only shaved one leg loudly crying face unamused face'
b"showers are amazing. they make you feel nice and clean, make you sound like a professional singer, and help you make all of life's decisions"
b'shows how good of a friend you really are'
b'depends i guess just because it did not sell huge in the west, does not mean many do not still enjoy it'
b'show us your best rain dance to live music with at from 7pm tonight. great food, fully stocked bar'
b"i love the arguments different point of views isn't a bad thing"
b"i am a big auburn fan, so i was always hoping he'd go well, but some of the shit he does is out of this world"
b"shut up bitch. your legs are like taylor swift's song... they're never getting back together."
b'jumping off a bridge hoping to get hit by a bus'
b'i am hoping if i sat hello sunshine enough maybe she will repeat'
b'if it was great why talk? just sleep'
b'sick but always fabulous.'
b'sick of this fucking job hurry up 5pm'
b'sick sick sick good'
b'side joy of business travel : spur of the moment catching up with a high school classmate for dinner. have not seen her for years. good times!'
b'" wow that is fantastic, what in spanish class? "'
b"*sigh* was already stuck babysitting cousins & not playing but now the power is out so there's no water either."
b'sign of the times :600 doctors attend conference on plant -based nutrition the world is waking up. " watch them end'
b'sign said " wet paint " so i emptied my dasani water bottle on it. i am currently waiting on further instructions.'
b"silence is golden, unless you have kids then it's just suspicious."
b"and it's people like you that make the world turn"
b'lol first class problems, i have having to wait for baseball season to wrap up before clippers basketball'
b'simple " hi " can make us smile but simple " bye " can make us cry.'
b"my class is crazy everyone talks over each other worry but you right she's so woke i love her so much"
b'since is posts now i guess we should all pay to be social...'
b"since we do not have classes tomorrow (yas ) i'll just check the updates early in the morning good"
b'single and ready to get nervous around anyone i find attractive.'
b'single bells, single bells, single all the way, oh, what fun it is to ride nothing because i am single, and no one wants to love me.'
b'single bells single bells single all the way'
b'single is not a status. it is a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.'
b'single parenting i was built for this shit'
b'single september only me october no man november do not date december yeah, i got this.'
b'single ( ) taken ( ) who cares i am awesome (x )'
b'sinusitis & strep throat good \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'sitting at the neurologist fun getting injections'
b'sitting at work and thinking about all of the studying i could be doing right now... so damn stressed...'
b'sitting by myself at lunch today yayy'
b'sitting by myself for lunch is cool... pensive face'
b"sitting in bumper to bumper traffic on a 6 lane road like it's a parking lot... just how i wanted to spend this beautiful afternoon."
b'sitting in cambridge for two hours is exactly what i wanted to do on my day off..'
b'sitting in class and a fucking spider crawls on my books, literally flipped the whole desk'
b'sitting in media lol smile'
b'sitting in my car hoping my napa homies will hit me up with plans.'
b'sitting next to the girl who " invented " snap chat...'
b'sitting on a golf cart in the rain is so much fun grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'sitting on bio class... excited!'
b'sitting on my bed eating a kit -kat taking a break from the hectic life i lead'
b'sitting outside because i have nowhere to be in between classes is fun...'
b'sitting while wearing shorts is a fun way to make your thighs look like they escaped sausage casing.'
b'six hours of sleep is perfect...'
b'six more weeks of complaining about winter until we start complaining about the heat'
b'skinny = anorexic thick = obese virgin = too good non-virgin = slut friendly = fake quiet = rude you can never please society.'
b'skipped class just so i could take a nap.. cause i am exhausted af with both jobs & all my classes. can not wait for school to be done.'
b"it's good to see the english commentators are applying their normal jingoism for an english team in the cl."
b"your username pikachu gives it away smiling face with smiling eyes yeah right now i only manan chemistry or ky2 to end. it's no fun anymore"
b"david cameron i am with him 100% i literally feel sick to my stomach & fear the thought off yes so it's from me"
b'doh!! brexit is from 2 words british & exit so brexit means british exit, the eu was stopping you from asking what you should have'
b'fair play to cumberbatch.he can stand by whatever he wants to & on the other side of the coin..so can others..what is your point?'
b'raining in manchester this morning no surprise there'
b'safe crime is out of control in thailand'
b'surely juventus are not big enough for the greatest footballer the world has ever seen'
b'slapping your best friend when you get excited about something.'
b"- trump has already won. he is so far into hillary's vacuous head that it will be a miracle if she does not pass out."
b'when one is jumpy and predisposed to see danger, he or she can make a lot of things look like guns.'
b'sleep deprived fuck off headache well snapchats and text are welcome'
b'sleep for dayz'
b'sleeping in my ballet shoes cos there new'
b'sleeping is good bc you forget about ur problems for a while'
b'sleeping is great cause you forget about everything for a lil while'
b"sleeping is nice because you're not actually dead and you're not awake so it's a win-win situation."
b'sleeping is nice. you forget about everything for a little while.'
b'sleeping is so difficult when you have a world awake in your phone.'
b'sleeping is so hard when you can not stop thinking.'
b'sleeping is such a chore sometimes'
b'that would be great. i wonder how many hours you sleep for?'
b'sleeping last night was such a chore persevering face sleeping face'
b"sleeping next to someone is honestly the nicest thing like when you're half awake at 4am and they move in closer to you"
b'sleeping through home renos is easy!'
b'sleeping with belle is the worst thing in the world ughhhh angry face unamused face angry face unamused face'
b'sleeping with the lights on is cool'
b'sleep is a freaking chore. i hate sleeping.'
b'sleep is for the people who has no access to internet.'
b'sleep is like sex, i do not get either one as much as i want'
b'sleep is like sex, you never get enough of it and sometimes it feels like it never happened at all.'
b'sleep is my drug. my bed is my dealer. my alarm is the cops. school is the jail.'
b'sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.'
b'sleep is so great. but also awful. like i could do so much in the time i sleep, but doing nothing and sleeping is glorious. damn you sleep'
b'sleepover fact : the later it becomes, the more truth comes out.'
b'sleep + social life = bad grades. good grades + sleep = no social life. good grades + social life = no sleep.'
b'*sleeps to avoid my problems* *wakes up and my problems are still there *'
b'sleep with me so i can put my freezing feet on you and probably take all of the covers and use you as a pillow'
b'slept all day now i am up at 130 with class all day tomorrow yassss so happi'
b'slept for a really long time. woke up to so many text messages'
b'in this unfamiliar place, i am greeted by a stranger, a man without a face - lyrical genius there from dream theater'
b'i am sure they will the woodvale community is a very tight group who look after there own. in my name'
b"slow replies make me feel like you're talking to someone better than me"
b'*sluts facebook status* " describe me with a commercial slogan! < ;3 " guy : so easy even a caveman could do it'
b'i love getting to hear one direction talk about the album one your show! even if it means getting up at 2am smile'
b'smart comment there david'
b'smart man + smart woman = romance smart man + dumb woman = affair dumb man + smart woman = marriage dumb man + dumb woman = a baby'
b'smart phones, smart cars, smart televisions... when are they going to start making smart people?'
b'ha i was confused!... and there was no peach fondling!... this is what happened'
b"smile. it might not make our problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with us."
b'smiling at bitches who hate me is my favorite thing to do smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"*smiling at someone who hates you because you're a sassy bitch *"
b'smiling cause i am so happy to be doing hw all night smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'smokemerazor : home smile we miss you sunflower ~ still... - or'
b'smoking a cigarette causes damage in minutes - not years.'
b'smoking can cause your nipples to fall off.'
b'smoking marijuana does not define you man. i do not understand why some people think you can not be your own person and enjoy smoking weed.'
b'smoking weed is illegal... but then again, so is most of the music on your ipod.'
b'smooooth ride'
b'snapchat is not meant to write your feelings on a black screen & put it on your story'
b'snapchat needs a option where you can save pics as a draft. i am tired of deleting really good selfies thinking i could do better'
b"snapchats from unexpected people make me so nervous to open because i wonder what on earth they've decided to send me"
b"lol retweet if you're feeling the"
b'sneaking in a " bathroom break " during clinical just to check your phone.'
b'sniffs love on tl. i need to sneeze'
b"if you're in organic chemistry you're definitely smart enough to know to follow the law & act responsibly. have fun & be safe."
b'snoop i do not know how to get a contact with you but i really want to make my way into the studio if you can help me'
b'just got a bag of white corn chip " less fat " and it was the most saltiest chip i ever ate. good health'
b'so 7. 1 million people signed up for obamacare. that still does not change the fact that how i met your mother was better under bush.'
b"so, a calmer version of this : i found out last night that before 8am on monday, i have to move all my furniture away from my apt's windows."
b'so am i the only one working on thanks giving face with tears of joy face with tears of joy got me fucked up'
b'so apparently everyone is calling one direction " the new beatles. " great! i can not wait to see who gets shot first!'
b"so apparently i've had a threesome with kirsten and a guy. i did not know this until someone just told me face with tears of joy but apparently it happened"
b'so apparently sunapee has a dress code consistent with other schools in the area face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so a small part of my childhood ended tonight. the hunger games was my favorite series for years and brought joy to my middle school days sad'
b'so awesome to watch your arch rival celebrate clinching the division on your home field...'
b'so awkward seeing how my other classmates that are more prettier than me sad feeling loved'
b"so awkward when you need to flick a fag and there's someone sweeping up fag butts."
b'so basically me and are hot... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"so bizarre when erin wakes up at half 6 and then falls back to sleep half hour later - it's too quiet for only half 8!"
b'so blessed. so moved. so grateful. cant believe this is my life. never going to take it for granted. always going to give back. thank you'
b'so bored. this is the first day where i do not have any homework to do between classes'
b'so cause you go to the wet that automatically mean you can fight? " : face with tears of joy face with tears of joy pussy ho you know what school i attend fight me "'
b'society : be yourself society : no not like that'
b'society is funny. they ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.'
b'sociologists say that social media is creating the laziest generation. i expressed my opinion in great detail by hitting the " like " button.'
b"so close we officially open nov 21st. only a day off so as a runner up prize we'd love to send you a few lift tickets smile"
b"so cold loudly crying face having a fire alarm go off at school when it's windy and raining was not fun \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x98\x83"
b"so cold i am gonna attempt to sleep in pjs! any screaming, do not panic it's just me waking up twisted in my clothes!"
b'so confused in my math class'
b'so danny welbeck played champions league last night and fired blanks... what a shocker!'
b"so disappointing when you defend someone for so long thinking they're different and they turn out to be just like what everyone said."
b'so do guys like screenshot messages and ask their friends what to text back to a girl or are girls the only ones that do that'
b'so, do not know if you know this, but sitting in traffic is dope.'
b'so dragon age just turned into game of thrones ; i get to sit on a threatening looking chair and decide what happens to criminals - nice'
b'so excited for dat math test tmr smile'
b"so excited for my family hike at 9 freaking o 'clock in the morning!? i love not sleeping in on my day off."
b'so excited for physical therapy tonight smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so excited for picture day'
b'so excited for school!'
b'so excited for school tomorrow and waking up at 6am and sitting in a desk for 8 hours surrounded by bitches and fuckboys woooo amazing'
b'so excited for thanksgiving break just because i will not have to wake up at 4am anymore'
b'so excited for thanksgiving. gonna love the political arguments with my family'
b'so excited for the final chapter in saga to hit the screens this weekend really hoping to win prize pack'
b"so excited for the weekend tomorrow. let's keep it up with a good work this year. i just can not wait for final elections before class."
b'so excited that i do not have to wake up at 4am for 3 days'
b'so excited that i do not have to wake up at 4 am tomorrow for work smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'so excited that my sister and her boyfriend are back today -. -'
b'so excited to be back home but the 60 out here hurting my feelings'
b'so excited to be the only one on campus during mid semester break!'
b'so excited to be working at roadrunner again \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'so excited to get my write up at work tomorrow loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'so excited to get up at 5 a. m. tomorrow! ughh is it thursday yet?'
b'so excited to get up to a face with skin of a teenager'
b'so excited to go home tuesday night so i can watch cheesy hallmark movies and cook for hours on end with grams.'
b'so excited too hear about project spirit for the next 2 fucking months'
b'so excited to see all the fakes tomorrow'
b'so excited to start all the homework i have after this 5 hour shift'
b'so excited to wake up 4 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so excited to wake up and not get out of bed tomorrow'
b'so excited to wake up and watch the htgawm mid-season finale tomorrow'
b'so excited to wake up at 5 am :-)))))) love platinum :-)))))))'
b'so excited to wake up at 6 am and do everything in my power to wake the guy below me up'
b'so exhausted. it was tough only having one class today.'
b'so exhausting to have my life changed for the better every time someone posts a screenshot of a famous quote.'
b'so far i am 0 for 560 in going the right direction after getting off an elevator.'
b'so far im only taking one class on tuesdays and thursdays, which is fantastic'
b"so far i've spent most of 2014 flipping off the weather channel."
b'so far my day is turning out great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so far my dui has cost me 750 and i have not even had my first court date.'
b"so far the only thing i've learned at this discovery museum is that i really like sitting down."
b's/o for the support if you have not already check it out and leave a comment or'
b'so fucking classy. face with tears of joy'
b'so fucking excited for tomorrow but can not stop coughing. my throats hurting so fucking badly.'
b'so glad 70 is backed up smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'so glad i am constantly invited to raves in az via facebook..'
b'so glad i can sleep for an extra half hour in the morning'
b'so glad i can not lift my arm up.'
b'so glad i do not have to stay at school til 1030. good cancellations. good thanksgiving break'
b'so glad i got food poisoning from applebees face with medical mask'
b'so glad i have a bio teacher that is gracious enough to teach me correctly face savouring delicious food'
b'so glad i have a new bag with y netbook'
b'so glad i have homework in every class, two tests tomorrow and i work 5 -9 unamused face'
b'so glad i have to get up at 6am tomorrow to work for two hours unamused face'
b'so glad i am being taught biochem by a teacher who thinks my major is a joke. pouting face'
b'so glad i am losing sleep over someone i barely know...'
b"so glad i am retaking physics. it's even more fun the second time around! asian accents are so easy to understand!"
b'so glad i slept so well for this 8 am...'
b'so glad i studied for that english test face with tears of joy'
b'so glad it randomly started raining!'
b'so glad josh gets up & turns every light in the house on!'
b'so glad my boyfriend thinks the only point of twitter is to tweet every dumb thing i say unamused face'
b'so glad my dogs home, but taking down these 500 posters is going to be a bitch'
b'so glad my orch-mates get to see me at the end of the day when i look like shit'
b"so glad sinclair is dead! couldn't stand the bitch... though she should have been offed long ago"
b'so glad smithson turned into a bitch.'
b'so glad someone pulled the fire alarm seven hours before my class while its freezing and raining'
b'so glad that i have a 66 in ap bio..'
b'so glad that lawyer bitch dies.'
b'so glad that me and the rest of the class are being productive in this tutorial.'
b'so glad we had an armed robbery happen right beside us in the building while we were out in the eno'
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xe2\x98\x81\xef\xb8\x8f so glad we're closer but you are so pretty and i love having classes with you!"
b'so, go away 4 a week & come back 2 find poch has gone to spuds, rl on way to liverpool and most of the rest of the squad want out! gr8 -'
b'so god invented christian mingle to hook you up with his pick for you? does not seem like the best use of his time.'
b'so good knowing i have to be up at 4am for work when i only just finished... flushed face weary face'
b'so happy i havent had a single day off and ive been working 8 hour plus shifts'
b'so happy i left my chem till the last minute'
b'so is starting out with the main characters making out. who are also brother & sister.. cool.'
b'so happy my horse tried to kill me tonight... pouting face'
b'so happy my kids high school prepared him for college!'
b'so happy that i have a psych review session until 8!'
b"so happy that i've been promoted to the position of office junior -"
b'so happy to be back in sunny england'
b'so happy to just find out uoit decided to reschedule all my lectures and tutorials for me to night classes at the exact same times!'
b'so happy to volunteer'
b'so happy we got the house! can not wait to start fixing it up and building a home with my favorite person \xf0\x9f\x92\x91\xf0\x9f\x8f\xa1'
b'so helpful'
b'so i am again the only girl in group, only this time with 4 guys, and our first official assignment is to get drunk in old riga. nice.'
b'so i asked her... do you work at subway? because you just gave me a footlong.'
b'so i come home from two intense workouts back to back to no food. i am starving.'
b'so... i did not feel like a nuisance at all today...'
b"so, if i lie to the government, it's a felony. but if they lie to me its politics?"
b"so, if mitt romney finds a woman in one of his 'binders full of women ' that he likes, does he have to put three rings on it?"
b'so if professor x can move objects with his mind, why can not he make his legs move?'
b"so, if we lie to the government, it's a felony. but if they lie to us its politics."
b'so i got up and made this chick breakfast this morning and instead of thanking me she ask me " how did you get in my house "'
b'so i guess this is another repeat of last night? cool. so glad that people listen to me when i talk.'
b'so i had a few relatives from kosovo say this too me over the summer " is it time too find you a bf " -. - not after last time'
b'so i had some weird allergic reaction to something and i am covered in hives.'
b'so i have a crush on someone but i also like someone. but yet i am still single.. my life! lol it couldnt be better!'
b'so i have cool work dreams weary face'
b'so i have just been served a pizza at the manor hotel that was literally cheese on raw dough unamused face'
b'so i have the flu. great timing.'
b'so had her first beignet from and we had to wait 45 mins for it'
b'so i let cori give me a facial yesterday at school & turns out i am allergic to one of the cleanses they use... my face is covered in hives face screaming in fear'
b'so ima have 8 am classes next semester... good -. -'
b'so i am putting an alarm on at 12 am just so i can watch hdweuh and then go back to bed. then i have to wake up and go to school good'
b'so i am stuck babysitting smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'so im up to 30 of these. it really is alot of fun. im enjoying being annoyed.'
b'so in love i could puke'
b'so inlove with school smirking face'
b"so insanely tired but i need to study all night. screw wanting to be in the honors program. c's get degrees. face with tears of joy"
b'so i officially have no music player at all... school should be fun'
b'so i took the straight outta compton stand up from work. yeah. kinda in love with it.'
b"so, i've never watched rick & morty, but i am fixing that mistake. favorite thing, this awesome mouth shape :"
b"so i've stayed up all night hoping this shit would be resolved, and it has not"
b'so i was at a concert last night and this girl tried to move me out of her way like i was a piece of furniture.'
b'so, i went home today. just my luck. the week of my anniversary i get sick.'
b'so i will not be doing nothing cause my birthday on thanksgiving eve put litter in its place symbol'
b"so jealous of everyone at the mocking jay tonight hope you're having an awesome time while i suffer through my homework crying face loudly crying face"
b'so just checked my bank statement to figure out what bar i left my debit card at... see you on my lunch break city bar'
b"so, katie price has called her new baby bunny! classy let's hope she never has buck teeth."
b'so lazy that i reply " i wanna dream about you " when she asks me to " remain awake ".'
b'solid half of football, looking quality defensively. up the arsenal'
b'so like im so happy bc im done with the pictures for le school paper and omg osnfkskemdks good'
b'so literally the ep after samantha has to give up her pursuit of a black man, she lets a white gunman in to her building?!?'
b'so lookin forward to this 9 hour shift tonight'
b'so looking forward to 8am tomorrow'
b'so, looks like i passed the last test, or so says the email i just got now to wait to hear back from the job people'
b"so lovely when your tutee cancels the appointment 25 minutes before it's supposed to happen... \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'so lucky to have such an awesome professor. he knew i have had a lot going on and extended extra time for my homework. finally done!'
b'so many confidence boosters already this semester'
b'so many friends in english today'
b'so many people i graduated high school with are pregnant once your friends start having kids it all goes down hill from there'
b'so many people put others before themselves & are left screwed over. do not allow yourself to care more for others than you care for yourself'
b'so many people to talk to face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so many things annoy me like its not even funny and i think its becoming an issue face with tears of joy'
b"so many years of education yet nobody ever taught us how to love ourselves and why it's so important"
b's/o for being the best college algebra teacher ever smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'some adults seriously piss me off. stop worrying about my pictures and worry about yourself. thanks.'
b'some bitch : omg you wore that shirt the other day me : yeah well in my house we have this amazing thing called a washing machine'
b'some black chicks stay saying a white chick is " trying to act black. " meanwhile, they have blonde weave and sky blue contacts.'
b"somebody gon come home to no food and a deleted myplayer file and it's all your fault"
b'somebody want to explain to me? so far i have literally only seen it used by egregious sock-puppets'
b'some call me the greatest some call me the shittiest but i think i am a football god'
b"some chicks now and days think they're so cool."
b'some company calls my house every single day & if you answer the phone they just hang up on you. so my question is, how do i get that job?'
b'some cunt in a nightclub came up to me and said, " i get 20 times more girls than you do, haha. " me :20 x 0 = 0.'
b"someday i'll get in line at the grocery store and the person ahead of me will not be insane. today is not that day."
b'some days i just have to repeatedly tell myself, " if britney spears can make it through 2007, i can make it through today. "'
b'some days i just wish i was an octopus, so i could slap eight people at once.'
b'some days, i practice positive thinking. other days, i am not positive i am thinking.'
b"somedays it's like :face : *smiling* hair : fuck youand other days it's like hair : awesome ;)face : fuck you"
b"some days you dress nice, other days you wear pajamas for 3 weeks straight. it's called balance."
b'some days you just have to fill the tub with skittles and pretend to be godzilla in a ball pit.'
b"some days you're the titanic, some days you're the iceberg, and some days you're the guy who jumped off and hit a propeller on the way down."
b"someday when scientists discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be unhappy to find out it's not them."
b"some day when scientists discover the center of the universe many people are going to be disappointed to find out it isn't them."
b"someday you'll miss her like she missed you. someday you'll need her like she needed you. someday you'll love her and she will not love you."
b'some drunken d bag woke me up at 5am this am for no reason and has not apologized for disturbing my slumber.'
b"some girls be like 'am sure you told every girl the same story '.. idiot : do you use different cvs when applying for a job?"
b"some girls claim that they're independent, but depend on a guy for their happiness."
b'some girls our age make me wanna go hug my mom and thank her for the way she raised me'
b"some girls think they're not attractive because they do not look like the girls that get worshipped on social media and that's unfortunate."
b'some guests really know how to touch my heart with poetic words'
b"some guy just blindfolded me and dragged me into a warehouse. i am still waiting for him to say it's a febreze commercial."
b'somehow i got the squeakiest bed possible at conco. thanks a lot'
b'somehow i am sitting here thinking, hoping the 3 dots for the reply shit pops up slightly frowning face'
b'*somehow* we managed to " use up all the water in the school. " yay?'
b'some kid brought his long board to class so that he could ride it to and from his truck parked 20 feet away from the door'
b'some light snow and flurries in lab west and north tonight and tomorrow. not as cold too!'
b'some mornings i wake up feeling excited about the day and realise i have nothing to be exited over so then i feel sad :((('
b'some nights i wish i could go back in life. not to change shit, just to feel a couple things twice'
b'some of you dont need the face swap on snapchat because ur already two faced lol'
b"someone bring me some hot chocolate pls my house is freezing & i am stuck babysitting :')))"
b'someone broke into my car, a pen exploded all over my stuff, failed a test, and ran out of kit kats... what a great day'
b"someone : can i use your phone for a second me : what do you need i'll look it up for you. call someone? i'll dial"
b"someone from uni flat has just message me and i've been drinking worry great time for first introductions"
b'someone i dont like : where did you buy that shirt? me : someone bought it for me.'
b'someone is in a great mood again today'
b'someone just came down the street blasting yeah by usher, what kind of world are we living in'
b'someone keeps putting soap where my beer holder is in the shower.'
b'someone needs to go wake that guy up from green day... september has ended.'
b'someone needs to open a low-carb chinese food restaurant and call it " no more mr. rice guy. "'
b'someone once said that i should always treat other people how i would like to be treated. now i am facing sexual harassment charges.'
b"someone please gift me the 5sos movie because my credit card it's not working weary face 5 seconds of summer"
b'someone, somewhere, is getting a puppy at this exact moment and i can not help but imagine how happy they must be.'
b"someone's outside my house blasting new album... yeah i am having a good day smirking face"
b"someone's working hard"
b'someone telling me to calm down when i was already calm unleashes a fury that not even hell can contain'
b'someone threatening to kill all blacks on keans campus. this is the reason we can not have nice things'
b'someone told me i looked good in white today. i laughed to myself and thought " i wear white to cover up my dark soul "'
b'someone told me once that shooting stars are really just angels throwing away their cigarettes before god could catch them smoking.'
b"someone you know for a short period of time might have better intentions for you than people you've known for years"
b'someone was literally complaining to me before 7am this morning. really?! your negativity is exhausting me'
b"someone : what are your plans for the weekend me : who knows me : (i know ) me : (i'm not leaving the house )"
b'someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants you in their life.'
b"someone would set off the fire alarm when it's raining outside."
b"some people are a lot like clouds, once they fuck off it's a great day."
b'some people are just like trees, they take forever to grow up'
b'some people are just so cute i just wow congratulations on your dna'
b'some people are like polaroids. you have to shake them violently before they make any sense.'
b'some people are like slinkies not really good for anything, but you can not help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.'
b'some people are real. some people are good. some people are fake. and some people are real good at being fake.'
b'some people are scared to double text while i literally send quadruple paragraph texts without any shame'
b'some people are so emotionally and mentally drained that even sleep does not do anything you still wake up tired. and it just does not go away'
b'some people are so fucking childish like grow the fuck up already'
b'some people are so shady and annoying but bitch i can be exactly the same but worse so dont start kissing face with closed eyes'
b'some people call me the space cow boy, some people call me the gangsta of loveeee'
b'some people come into your life for a reason, a season or a lifetime. others come into your life just in case you need a human shield.'
b'some people had their pretend shares taken away and have an axe to grind.'
b'some people hate me and i dont even know who the fuck they are, but keeping doing you boo \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd'
b'people is just so ungraceful going to let you ruin my day again in progress'
b'some people just need a hug... around their neck... with a rope.'
b'some people just need a pat. on the head. with a hammer.'
b'some people just normally look like they have not slept in weeks. i am one of those people.'
b'some people just piss me off so much like can you just shut your mouth for 5 minutes? thanks. face with tears of joy'
b'some people look for a perfect relationship, i just want little extra chutney with samosa in college canteen.'
b'some people make promises just to buy more time, so do not believe it until you see it.'
b'some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.'
b'some people never believe in god because they have not seen him yet they believe in john cena.'
b'some people really piss me off non binary genders are not invalid k thanks'
b"some people think being called baby affectionately is gross but i love it. babies are so cute. heck yea i'll be ur baby."
b'some people turn out to be everything they said they would not be'
b'some people : wow what a perfect morning for a run me : wow what a perfect morning to go the fuck back to sleep'
b'some ppl get so caught up in the thought of a perfect relationship they forget about the real shit you gotta go through to maintain it'
b'some ppl piss me off, like hey, i dont need your damn option, thanks smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"some punk ass kid pulled the fire alarm at work. now we're all wet b/c it is raining outside."
b'some rain on the radar, but it should clear for a great night of racing -first race at 6. 15pm'
b"some say global warming is caused by an increase in greenhouse gases, but i know that's a cover up for the truth : too many hot local singles"
b'some shit we all just are not built for'
b'some " smart phone. " can not even tell the difference between a " missed call " and a " purposely ignored and sent straight to voice mail " one.'
b'something about cleaning my room helps me clear my head of everything'
b"something i learned about people... if they do it once, they'll do it again"
b'some things are better left unsaid. which i generally realize immediately after i have said them.'
b"some things just can not be helped. that sneeze when your mouth's full for instance... face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'something video games teach us : " if you meet your enemies, it means that you are going in the right direction. do not back down now! "'
b'something you never want to hear during surgery : " who wants to try something new? "'
b'sometime later because the wii version of this game, as fun as it is, is not really worth the retail price. especially in canada.'
b'sometimes all you can say is " yikes " and just move tf on lol'
b'sometimes a person is completely out of the picture but you just can not let go of the frame.'
b'sometimes as i am getting off a crowded elevator i like to turn & look at someone who\'s staying on and say " you\'re in charge while i am gone. "'
b'sometimes a special someone walks right into your life and helps you realize how much better your life was before they walked into it.'
b'sometimes, entire relationships can be chalked up to, " that weird thing i did for a while. "'
b'sometimes google should just come back with a message that says " trust me, you do not want to know. "'
b"sometimes having a big heart sucks, you expect everyone to care as much as you do, and that's just not the case."
b'sometimes i check my messages to make sure i still have none'
b'sometimes i do not want to be with anyone, i do not want to love anyone i just want to be left alone unamused face'
b'sometimes i feel completely useless then i remember i breathe out carbon dioxide for plants so i guess i am not that useless after all winking face'
b'sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds'
b'sometimes i feel like i am just one mood swing away from getting my own padded room with a hug-yourself jacket.'
b'sometimes i feel moderately intelligent. other times i have to sing the " abcs " in my head to remember which letter comes next.'
b'sometimes i feel useless but then i remember i breathe out carbon dioxide for plants.'
b"sometimes i get frustrated because you cant put numbers in caps 12 am i screaming? you'll never know"
b"sometimes i get too excited about things and i end up accidentally hurting myself. it happens more often than you'd think."
b'sometimes i get up really early, drink some coffee and read some awesome motivational quotes. then i go back to bed.'
b'sometimes i go on google earth and just spin the shit out of the world & pretend i am making everyone really dizzy.'
b'sometimes i have the feeling i should get out of bed, but then i think, mmm... better not.'
b"sometimes i just get really sad because i'll never know what a krabby patty tastes like"
b"sometimes i just think about how awesome it'd be to not be swamped with homework"
b'sometimes i just wanna f *ck n sometimes i wanna be in love n sometimes i just wanna be left alone'
b'sometimes i like to go to the hardware store and run around with a screwdriver shouting, " ladies and gentlemen, this is not a drill! "'
b'sometimes i like to use my left hand when playing with my phone so it feels like someone else is wasting their life away.'
b'sometimes i look at my friends and think to myself, " where did i meet these crazy people? " but then i think, " what would i do without them? "'
b'sometimes i lose my phone in my blankets and then sometimes i shake my blanket to find it and sometimes it flies and hits the wall its great'
b'sometimes i love being dramatic when i sneeze idc lol'
b'sometimes i love cheer and other times i do not i mean i am still not even half way done with my homework at it is 11pm smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'sometimes in life you have to leave people behind to move on.'
b'sometimes i randomly burst out laughing when i remember something funny.'
b'sometimes i spend whole meetings wondering how they got the big meeting table through the door.'
b'sometimes i think i miss certain people for like three minutes, remember what they did, and then i am like oh wait.. fuck that smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'sometimes it just feels like only in movies that your crush will fall in love with you too'
b'sometimes it physically pains me to hold back my sarcastic comments'
b"sometimes it's better to lose an argument than lose someone you love"
b"sometimes it's easy to forget we would all violently murder each other if we couldn't obtain basic food or water. have a great day guys."
b"sometimes it's the little victories, like depositing a dollar to avoid overdraw fees that make me feel like a responsible adult"
b'sometimes i wake up grumpy, and other times i just let her sleep.'
b'sometimes i wish i had never met you. because then i could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there.'
b'sometimes i wish i was an octopus so i could slap 8 motherfuckers at once'
b'sometimes i wish i were a nicer person but then i laugh and continue my day'
b"sometimes i wonder how many miles i've scrolled my mouse wheel"
b'sometimes i wonder if that kid in the dreamworks logo has caught the fish yet.'
b'sometimes i wonder if these old men sitting on the benches in the mall waiting on their wives to finish shopping were old when they sat down'
b'sometimes my housewife mode comes on and i cook for hours'
b'sometimes my neighbors love my music so much that they invite the police to listen.'
b"sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. that's why you have tow!"
b'sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.'
b'sometimes, when i close my eyes i can not see'
b'sometimes when my internet is down i forget the rest of my computer still works.'
b'sometimes you have to take a deep breath & remind yourself that you would not look good in prison clothes & smile at the asshole & walk away.'
b'somewhere stuck between " i hate school " and " i need a degree "'
b'somewhere the inventor of yoga pants is near death from all the high fives and non-stop free tequila shots he gets.'
b'so much football today, can not wait for more of the same tomorrow'
b'so much for studying!'
b"so much homework so instead i am gonna go cuddle in my bed and watch netflix trying to tell myself it's okay to do it in the morning"
b'so much love for the guys of digital permaculture and this beautiful structure of geometry. 3 they worked tooth'
b"so my arms are covered in hives and they're itchy and gross. also, they've spread to my stomach and my back now. fun"
b'so nerveous! love a good bidding war grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'so nice & i get treated like shit'
b'so nice to come home to a full fridge after being used to no food at uni smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so nice to come home to my parents house to have them buy no food just because they know how fat i am'
b'so nice waking up to this.. more like my dig gus clawing my face at 6am happy'
b'awww cute c : i love your sneeze. but not as much as your pretty singing'
b'so a productive member of society today. ate a and now just playing left for dead 2 & listening to pandora.'
b'so now guess whos covered in hives and rashes and welts from itching face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"so now i can not sleep apparently. it's going to be a good day \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 unamused face"
b'so now my star wars tervis is sitting under my car bc i did not want to waste time trying to get it before class.'
b"so now there's a very good chance i'll have to deal with my gma constantly bugging that weekend about how much i suck as a gf & if i did not"
b'soo excited to try to sleep with my back hurting'
b'soo i am entering my 4 hour lecture on a 15% battery life on my phone... this is going to be so fuuun.'
b'so older black women who like younger men are panthers, right?'
b"sooner or later you get over shit you swore you'd never get over and it's the best feeling in the world"
b'soons as i hear that alarm clock & my mama voice in the morning i say thank you god for letting me and my family see another day'
b'sooo good seeing live tonight splashing sweat symbol'
b'soooo glad that all we do is fight.'
b'soooo if this whole college thing does work out 4 me, expressions it is winking face'
b'soooo inlove with school works smirking face'
b'sooooo glad i fucking waited up all night'
b'sooooo = i do not know what to say, but i do not wanna stop talking to you.'
b'sooooo, im stuck babysitting while my parents go see banda roja'
b'sooo what a great start to my day! being on the 88 children i have to deal with on top of it.'
b'so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'soo you know... i might be mentally ill because i seem to fit the criteria for a narcissist. dsm -v is always on point.'
b's singing voice is heaven to my ears'
b'i am glad your parents will not let you leave school early, it brings me joy'
b'so proud of how well i straightened my hair today...'
b'so proud of my boy for graduating puppy class 1! he did fantastic! onto the next stage!'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8c\xbb\xe2\x9c\xa8 so proud so in love so grateful so pleased so blessed.'
b'so pumped for weight room today i wanna okay games'
b'so ready for school (:(:'
b'so ready for school tomorrow!'
b'so ready for this chem test!'
b'so ready to do all my homework tonight'
b'so ready to enter the gates of hell with coach d tomorrow'
b'sore throat and a blocked nose, just what i need before work tonight sad sad sad'
b'ok wait but literally same like thats all my report cards idk how cause i do all the work in the class before its due'
b'sorry boo, yeah i lie to you, but do not you lie to me.'
b"sorry boys, but i already got my eyes on a guy who's not interested"
b"sorry but if your dog is small enough to be carried away by a falcon then it shouldn't be called a dog."
b'sorry, but i am not tall enough to ride your emotional roller-coaster.'
b'sorry dad, i heard the internet will not be working at school again tomorrow. one more day off will not hurt nobody'
b'sorry for calling you a bitch. i really thought you knew.'
b"sorry for threatening to hit you face with tears of joy i was told that it wasn't nice to say that to paying customers"
b'sorry hater, i do not speak bullshit. but i do speak sign language. now read my middle finger, bitch.'
b'sorry, i did not get your message because i deleted it without listening.'
b'sorry, i did not get your text. just kidding i ignored that shit'
b'sorry if this sounds arrogant, but i can have any guy i do not want.'
b'sorry i am late. there was traffic and i left 20 minutes after i said i did.'
b'sorry, i am not rihanna. i do not love the way you lie.'
b"sorry, maya dirado : you'll still have to pay taxes on that olympic medal"
b'sorry my friend. " : so this is how it ends. this is where it all goes down. this is what " i do not love you " feels like... "'
b'sorry my tits steal the show'
b': being a mess is going great'
b'sorry sweetie, but no. alcohol is not an excuse for being a dirty slut. nice try though.'
b"sorry that offended you, i really did not think you'd get it."
b'so sad my last day of pediatric clinicals is tomorrow sad i love all my little babies'
b'so sad when people just stop talking to you for no reason'
b"so sick of hearing how sexy guys with accents are. i've had my hyundai accent since '04 & not one girl has complimented it yet."
b'so some lady at work just asked me when my baby was due!'
b'so someone stole my card and my screen is cracked.'
b'so so so pumped to see tonight. happy early anniversary can not wait to dance to cough syrup with you'
b"s/o student council having all it's meetings during calc 1 last year and then changing it to calc 2 this year. i love missing math grinning face"
b'so sweet of you revolving hearts'
b'so tell me, does it hurt to be so full of sh*t?'
b"so tempting to i am certain he's missing our love. poor bastard ; had it all and lost it."
b'so thankful for the bville police who are standing at the dead stoplight doing nada or sitting in their car on the phone.'
b"so thankful that always keeps me updated on what's happening on campus!"
b"so is saying ryder is there to meet lions. robbo is saying he's there to get married..."
b'so the bus was late in 30 minutes so what?'
b'so the fact that my transmission is shot in my car is pretty sweet.'
b'so the last part of the ldn session was sad bc history but beautiful as well can not wait till they come back from their well deserved break'
b'so, they charge us to park our cars in their area so that we pay and repay and repay for carry bag too. nice!'
b'so this english essay is definitely about to be 3 paragraphs'
b'so this is cool.'
b'so this is how it ends, this is how it all goes down, this is what i do not love you feels like. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'so this week my brother has washed an elephant and fed a tiger in thailand and i have gone to work. i bet he is well jel'
b"so tired. and it's only 9. good"
b'so tired at 10. 30pm. should be the one and a half hour sleep last night lol so horse rice face with tears of joy'
b'so tired i only shaved one leg. did not even notice until i got dressed and wondered why i was only wearing one half of a woolen stocking.'
b"so tired of girls complaining that there are no good guys left. hello? they're where you left them, in the friend zone!"
b'so tired of nothing ever working out.'
b's/o to all my teachers who giving a quiz or test today'
b's/o to for snapping every beautiful picture possible of me expressionless face'
b's/o to dad for getting loaded on a tuesday'
b'so, today was my first day of school.. let the fun begin!'
b's/o to every single one of my teachers for giving me homework! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b's/o to for text me back yesterday...'
b's/o to my bestfriends mom, thank you for blessing me with your child'
b"s/o to my chem professor for not explaining smartwork so i've missed 3 assignments!"
b's/o to my parents for helping me pay for college'
b'so tonight was productive...'
b's/o to the blue mountain kid that poked me in the eye'
b's/o to the city of green for warning us about lauby road being closed'
b's/o to the person who gave me walking pneumonia... you da real mvp \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b's/o to the ppl who have stuck around long enough to see my transition from a sensitive little shit to a ruthless bitch'
b's/o to this big ass storm! unamused face'
b's/o to for telling us beforehand that the lobo v shuttle was picking up at the pit'
b's/o to whoever stole my note book for medical procedure class! much love for you'
b'so ummm every one of my classes is full and i do not even enroll for another half hour'
b'so um yea about that take off. sitting on the runway in charlotte watching the light show.'
b'sounds like adrian peterson had a wonderful childhood'
b"sounds like an interesting presentation on children's coming up"
b"sound so good it'll make you want to slap your mum with a wet fish... wait what lol"
b"i am so beyond happy for you tay! you're going to be the best mommy ever and i can not wait to babysit face with stuck out tongue"
b'so we trend and they trend what a lovely fanbase they have there.'
b'so when do i become a millionaire that is the real question'
b'so when ur famous do you just magically have great skin or'
b"so who's the asshole that decided to cut out nap time after kindergarten?"
b"so who wants to be my partner in the constitution bowl quiz tomorrow? lol, i'll carry"
b'so why are lads popping up to me that have just had a baby interested'
b"so claims that he knows where these ' sites ' are, he would not know where his car keys are most nights!"
b'so yeah, i am sitting here with my music blasting and i hear the faint sound of the mlp theme.. turns out my dad was watching it.. hmm'
b'so, you are planning to wait for her to text first. good luck, she really would be dying to text you out of her 200 contacts.'
b"so you'd think having a smaller house would make putting all this up easier."
b"so you're gonna teach us math by writing sentences on the board? oh."
b"so you're telling me this? is a high five emoji? my whole life is a lie"
b'so you will suck a dick but will not drink tap water?'
b'good that is for sure!'
b'spanish class is the best part of school'
b'spanish word of the day : " tissue " example - " oye mamawevo you\'re doing it wrong, lemme tissue how to dougie! "'
b'speaking of old articles that were good : my porsche is awesome.'
b'special thanks to the cackling hens that live next door for going out of your way to talk very loud outside the door'
b'but they do love each other. they peppered their argument with those scenes of them loving each other'
b'thank you for such a fantastic ballet class! i am gonna feel it tomorrow... smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i'd give my right arm for a new chair thank you so much x"
b"speed remake idea : in this version you can not exceed 30mph, keanu is an old asian lady, the bus is the car ahead of me, and it's not a movie."
b'spelling mistakes can ruin your life. one man sent this text to his wife, " i am having a great time, wish you were her. "'
b'spending 35 minutes on the bus is the perfect way to end 7 and a half hours of school'
b'spending 45 minutes on the phone to british gas was just what i had planned for my lunch hour flushed face pensive face'
b'spending money on shit you do not need & later regretting it'
b'spending my day cleaning and going through my room'
b'spending my lunch break arguing with my bank on the phone. adulting pretty hard.'
b'spending my lunch break at the bank'
b'spending the rest of my life trying to find someone i love as much as my bed'
b'spent my first day home doing homework for 8 hours xd'
b'spent my last quid on a scratch card was hoping to hit the jackpot... got nothing'
b'spent the entire night trying to create a website for women drivers, but it kept crashing.'
b'spent the last half hour chasing an itch around my back. fuck u, i want to sleep you bastard.'
b'spent the last half hour watching miuccio brothers vives \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f i will sleep well tonight!'
b'spinners games are not fun when theyr with my fam... quality start to the long weekend'
b'spins in woke excellence poc. i fucking love yall weary face fine asses smirking face face throwing a kiss'
b'spoke to a state pageant director today who is highly respected & supports me & whos known me for years going to work shanna moakler'
b'spongebob : " can you hear me? ". patrick : " no, it\'s too dark. "'
b'spongebob : " patrick, you\'re a genius. " patrick : " yeah, i get called that a lot. " spongebob : " what, a genius? " patrick : " no, patrick "'
b'btw love it and hope the jerks in arkansas see it'
b"a whole half! wow that's a lot of time!"
b': being part of selection process not a problem : zico -'
b'spread love not hate you jerks'
b'wraps up another school visit, a little wet but happy to have learned lots from the panthers!'
b"i'd love to but i am supposed to be getting up at 6am for a run before work!"
b'new school does not require it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'srsly if you do not want to talk to me say... do not ignore me. thanks id really appreciate it'
b'srsly though, the " college interactive " app is so helpful to anyone who plans on going to college'
b'you mean like real madrid is the best team ever'
b'i am getting up now lol. i love my bed'
b'took that position very seriously smirking face'
b'stalking " is a strong word, i like to look at it as " intense research on an individual'
b'stalking my tweets will not tell you anything. i could tweet " i am so mad " and be talking about how someone ate the last of the mac n cheese'
b'standard algebra 2 with my best friends'
b"standing in the middle of a store with no shoes on.. you're such a lovely mother..."
b'*standing on a high balcony* normal person : what a breathtaking view! me : i could totally snipe that guy from here.'
b'star student award goes to me'
b'started cleaning my room 5 mins ago. also stopped cleaning it 5 mins ago'
b'started doing injections today. fun stuff smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'started from the bottom and i am currently still at the bottom'
b'started from the bottom and i was somehow able to get lower'
b'started from the bottom now we a little bit above the bottom'
b'started fucking hoes now i am queer. - ricky martin'
b'started this day off right'
b'started watching vines with my sister when i know she has homework to do. " my book isn\'t reading itself, unfortunately. " i love her, lol.'
b"started writing up a lab report that's due tomorrow. good procrastination!"
b"starting off the new year single again it's sort of a tradition i have upheld for many years i see no signs of this tradition breaking"
b'starting to fall in love w this whole being up early shit.'
b'start : jason relaxed upon a ledge in front of the school as he began meditating +'
b'start trade school in february! by next time this year im tryna have a career job. fucc that'
b'start working out now if you want that summer body not 2 weeks before before it his 60 degrees next spring'
b'state capitalism but they still had wellfare the real name of nazi is national socialism'
b'staticy hair season is back which means i am lovin my long hair lol'
b"stay down get ya own do not depend on nobody for shit that's how i was built"
b'staying patient, waiting for love to find me'
b'staying up all night because i love homework'
b'staying up all night for exosphere test tomorrow'
b'stay positive and good things will happen.'
b'stay up til 2 to talk to you for 30 seconds how sweet of you!'
b"i'd love to puke all over obama. that is how sick this idiot president makes me with his i am not going to deploy us troops."
b"it looks like it might give good head, but you'd have to be pretty small. wait that's it's face, right?"
b"too many mp's and others are happy to highlight the problems but nothing ever gets done"
b'oh bless you steph! i have been known to point the car key fob thingy at my front door in an attempt to unlock it. sleep well'
b'stepped outside school for abt 2 mins before a decided to get a taxi home n my hairs still wet wtf how'
b"getting concerned, i am out in the theatre and you're not even here. i'll sit and wait i guess."
b'you that old? no wonder ur hair is'
b'yeah no problem. im blasting this loud as hell right now lol'
b'yh im knackered ha... i know its only half hour but i like my sleep due to my colotis.'
b'stg we needa start our own school face with tears of joy'
b'get some sleep chica and we can attempt to study 1st period'
b'still at work for another hour but i literally just gave up and put sweat pants on. lol. my day is going great. unamused face'
b'still a work-in -progress. some days i feel like i have it together, other days i feel like i have a ways to go. either way, im trying tho'
b'still can not tell if this day is gonna be diarrhea or just a fart. i do know its gonna stink.'
b'still dealing with fog across the region tonight so keep it slow on those roads. fog and wet roads, not a good combo. see you at 11!'
b'still feel bad for not considering that dr. pepper might be a woman.'
b'still got a couple years to wait for that one'
b'still have 3 years to wait and the boys were trying to recruit me for dart league last night face with tears of joy'
b'still have to type a whole lab report tonight. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"still hoping you'll pop back up in my life so i can tell you to get fucking lost and remind you that you're a piece of shit face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"still hurting from rondas lost but it's okay mcgregor going to win the belt so i am excited."
b'still losing sleep at night over why they changed the iu credit union jingle. we had such a good thing going'
b'still on the same shit still tryna find a trap to turn up in and some dick to suck every weekend that shit do not get boring? sleeping face'
b'still stuck babysitting what is wrong with my life crying face loudly crying face'
b'still thinking about the doorway argument in love & the sex club scene that uses the assault on precinct 13 theme. music is everything'
b"fuckin pisses me off should be sam there cas no isn't about wincest so before ppl jump down my throat about that"
b'still trying to decide if " you look nice today " is a compliment, or just a way of saying that i usually look like shit.'
b'still up doing homework. awesome awesome'
b'still waiting for a discovery channel " how it\'s made " episode on babies.'
b"still waiting for bigflo and speed interactions, i know they'd love each other!"
b'still waiting for the day a rapper makes it cool to have a girlfriend and love her'
b"stood outside waiting for my hotel fire alarm to be stopped. least it's not raining and not too cold."
b'stop accepting being treated like shit hoping people will change'
b'stop asking about college! stop asking about jobs and my career! stop asking about my future! i do not know okay i do not know!'
b'stop bitchin about the frigid winter snow. there are kids in africa who do not even have weather!'
b'stop hanging onto people who treat you like pure shit.. hoping they will change'
b'stop letting " love " be your excuse for settling all love is good for the heart'
b"stop letting people bring you down you do you like why does it matter what anyone else thinks if it's not affecting them whatsoever?!?\xc2\xbf?!"
b"stop making life harder than it is enjoy it or you're going to regret not doing so later in life"
b'stop making outfits with pajamas ppl cute'
b"stop posting song lyrics as passive-aggressive messages to someone. you're embarrassing yourself."
b'stop putting " teamsingle " after every tweet. single is not a team. you are alone!'
b'*stops a sneeze with my shirt sleeve* the teens love to do this'
b'stop twerking and let the dogs out. " actual sentence i just yelled at my not quite 9 year old. oh i so love her little friends.'
b'stop waiting for them to text you, if they do not appreciate you, find someone who does. reply'
b'stop worrying about shit that doesnt have anything to do with you'
b"stop worrying about someone that isn't worried about you. never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket."
b"looks amazin i am hungry at 10pm lol away to raid what's in kitchen - no food to come home to"
b'story of my life... pouting face'
b'story of my life : i do not know what to wear because i look ugly in everything'
b'story of my life : i knew better but i did it anyway smh'
b'story of my life : was born ugly as a child ugly as teenager ugly as an adult ugly im dead still ugly bye'
b'straightened my hair and its already curling and i have not even went outside yet...'
b'straightened my hair this morning and my roots are already curling tf up! great!'
b"*straightens hair even though it'll most likely be ruined by the rain tomorrow *"
b"straight up not even caring that i am working over 30 hours because it's almost the fucking weekend. suck my dick world"
b"stream in half an hour? stream in half an hour. let's get sweaty guys! trials prep! can not wait to see your lovely faces. 3"
b'stressed and school hasnt even started'
b"stressing out about school is so fun... i literally only think about all the homework i have and should be doing. it's great."
b"string cheese is the sexiest of the cheeses. it's like you get to undress it."
b"strippers get my respect because it's super difficult to not look like an idiot when dancing alone."
b'strongest moment of 2015 was spending a weekend in hospital and going to reading with a kidney infection a day later, suck it blud'
b'strong people do not put others down. they lift them up and slam them to the ground for maximum damage.'
b'strong people do not put others down. they lift them up. and throw them.'
b': my friends are rich as hell and i am just like..'
b'stucco is awesome maybe at the jersey shore circa 8 years ago'
b'stuck babysitting 5 kids unamused face expressionless face'
b'stuck babysitting again today \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'stuck babysitting and i am starving, someone bring me food loudly crying face'
b'stuck babysitting my 16 year old cousin'
b'stuck babysitting on a saturday night, what is life.'
b'stuck babysitting tonight since my parents are in vegas. movie night at my house, friends'
b'stuck babysitting while everyone goes shopping disappointed face'
b'studentsfirst says it will not play politics with columbus schools parent trigger'
b'studied from 10 -330... taking a break to watch the pats game then right back to studying loudly crying face'
b'studies have shown that 231,823,764 people are too lazy to read this number.'
b'studies have shown that people who have more birthdays live longer.'
b'study date with'
b'study group was a huge sucess! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'study halls nowadays are so productive! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'studying ncm 102 so i can learn about maternal and child nursing. i want to graduate soon'
b'study tip : \xe2\x80\xa2 stand up \xe2\x80\xa2 stretch \xe2\x80\xa2 take a walk \xe2\x80\xa2 go to the airport \xe2\x80\xa2 get on a plane \xe2\x80\xa2 never return'
b's t you p i d = smart talented unique person in demand.'
b'stye in my right eye, pink eye in my right eye, pink eye in my left eye & now a stye in my right eye! these past 2 weeks have been fun'
b'subconsciously, women easily fall in love with a man whom they\'ve met while experiencing a dangerous event or situation. "'
b"not to mention that i personally know these people and they are jerks and they love talking behind other people's backs"
b'success and maturity can often be measured by how far off the floor your mattress is.'
b'successful facetime date w/ face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'success is like pregnancy, everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.'
b'such a beautiful day at have to work... disappointed face'
b'such a beautiful day..'
b'such a fun monday night'
b'such a good friend me'
b'such a good thing to have on ur phone. push the button when you feel unsafe and when you let it go if you dont enter ur pin they call the cops!'
b'such a great day \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'such a great morning...'
b'such a great night at watching the live mice and men. will defiantly help towards my exam smile'
b'such a had district bruh!'
b'such a model student.'
b'such an awesome feeling'
b'such a productive day'
b'such a sad moment when you order clothes online and they do not look nothing like they did in the picture crying face'
b'such upstanding citizens we have in the nfl these days... unamused face pouting face'
b"sucks when you've been defending someone for so long and they turn out to be exactly what everyone said they were"
b'suffering the hot side of the pillow while the cold side charges.'
b'omgomg i am so excited for it! will be the best thing to wake up to *o *'
b'hello, i am sorry you are having issues with your service. please dm me so i can check your signals ^ne'
b"but yeah you're right lets lie, throw the actors under the bus but raise 'awareness ' while i make my money! woohooooo! loving it!"
b'summer for college kids is basically seeing how much money you can rack up and trying to get back in shape all within 3 months'
b'summer holiday at pelion starts today. great weather'
b'summer kind of stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else im wasting summer'
b'choked in front of everyone in the lounge today and thought i was gonna die. highlight of my day unamused face " glad your alive'
b'sunday nights are the worst you go to bed with that horrifying feeling of impending doom like " i\'ve got a whole fucking week ahead "'
b'sunday nights suck ass because tomorrow is monday and no body likes mondays t -. -'
b'sunday nights suck when the weekend was wide open'
b'i pulled on the bank doors like crazy till i realized that it was closed. first thought that everyone was on lunch break.'
b'sunglasses allow an individual to stare at people without them knowing. it is facebook in real life.'
b'suns out and i am working?'
b'super excited i do not have to wake up for class in the morning'
b'super glue just exploded all over my fingers. so i hope everyone else is having a great day.'
b'" well ya know... i know it sucks to be upset and have to hide it all in, so honestly if you gotta vent or whatever, (1/2)'
b'support the steadfastness of the people of gaza - he'
b'why are ppl i block, staying blocked ex'
b'sure. go ahead. chew with your fucking mouth open. i love the sound of that smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'sure just hurt my feelings its not like im human or anything'
b"sure looked like the puck flew out of play when bieksa's stick exploded. a replay of that in slow-mo would be great"
b"surely this is perfectly normal behaviour for a prudent reader who does not want to get 'caught short '?"
b'sure stranger i do not know, i will happily use my strap-on on your sub, just because you say so. *grumbles *'
b"surprise : it's raining in vancouver"
b"surprise sex in the morning is the best... unless you're in prison."
b"surprise surprise it's raining again"
b'surprise! they raised the cost of bus fair by 2 dollars starting today for no reason.'
b'surround yourself with people who try to better you, not people who try to be better than you.'
b'what a fantastic class, a real credit to the school and their teacher. honoured to be invited.'
b'swear every time i attempt to start my assignment i just end up shutting my laptop and deciding my bed needs me and sleep is more important'
b'swearing is unattractive " i am not trying to look attractive anyway so fuck off.'
b'swear to god why did my algebra teacher give me like the best advice'
b"swiftsecrecy : the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could"
b'swimming in pe tomorrow is going to be great unamused face'
b'switching to bud light because i feel bad about how hard those two mountain climbers have to work every time someone orders a coors light.'
b'is getting the most attractive pictures of me ever right now. weary cat face'
b"syllabus : cramming will not work for this class. me : well it's gonna have to."
b'synonym : a word used in place of the word you can not spell.'
b"you requested that dumb location? you'll see lot of clubbin over there"
b'bought but rented just a student at queens need all the help we can get'
b"it's ok, i am away a lot this weekend and installed battlefront earlier, so i still have something shiny and new to suck at!"
b'been really busy an even busyer after brake smh but ok bro still ur doing great keep it up face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b': it makes me feel good when someone reads my text and not reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes " it\'s the best smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes unamused face'
b'well that makes sense'
b'take a fantastic nap before going to class'
b'*takes 50 selfies **deletes 49 **stares at that one selfie till it turns ugly **deletes that too *'
b'*takes a second to verify my argument with google because i am pretty sure i know what i am talking about but i do not wanna get dragged *'
b'*takes difficult af test* professor : we are doing lab tonight, so turn in your tests and prepare. " me :'
b'*takes homework out* *rewards self with 4 hours of internet *'
b'take some hip-hop, add in a mental illness or two, season to taste, cook for hours and you get'
b"take the high road. i have no idea why ; it's rarely as satisfying. so, forget what i said."
b'take time to listen and enjoy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"take your age and add 5 to it. that's your age in 5 years. mind = blown"
b'taking 30 minutes to shower, because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life.'
b"taking a break from studying. blasting 80's music videos while i get some stuff done around the apartment. yeah! sat night!"
b'taking a break from the dranks tbh im buzzed maybe even drunk face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i guess its funny since im driving'
b'taking a nap in algebra class is the best \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy'
b'taking a nap is always so risky like when will i wake up? in thirty minutes? in 2 hours? in 7 years? no one can be sure'
b'taking a real good selfie and staring at it for too long and realizing it is actually the worst photo ever'
b"taking cute selfies is really hard when you're not cute"
b'taking kill it with fire a bit too literally'
b'taking my dog out never gets old. getting sick is just amazing...'
b'taking " naps " sounds so childish... i prefer to call them \'horizontal life pauses \''
b'taking off from work is a great idea till ur home doing nothing, bored af'
b'taking one last sip of your drink to prepare for leaving the restaurant.'
b'taking out a pack of gum at school is like taking out cocaine at a rehab meeting.'
b'taking your bra off &gt ; washing your makeup off &gt ; shaved legs &gt ; fresh set of nails &gt ; natural hair &gt ; sweatpants &gt ; sleeping in &gt ;'
b'takin some swigs of nyquil so it does not take as long to cry myself to sleep'
b'talent : blocking out people in my life and acting like they dont exist'
b'talent : having the urge to drop out of college every 5 seconds'
b'talent : pretending i can sing when i sound like a trashcan'
b'talents : being the ugly friend'
b'talking about boy meets world and the kids i babysit for said " what\'s that? " and " wait people really watched that? " like what at'
b'talking about how crazy your night is going to get tonight in class makes you sound sooo cool.'
b"talking bout ' how my sister & i never fist fought. i know a lot of siblings who have, but we just love each other that much."
b'talking is working well for me today'
b'talking shit about our school but yall school never made it to montgomery sleeping face ill continue to wait face with tears of joy white up pointing index'
b'talking to a hot boy\'s parents like, " i am a big fan of your work "'
b'how good was your man wiltshire tonight aide? shit just like the rest of the team as good as you think!'
b'tall boys with dark hair and shy smiles who smell good and have a great taste in music are very very very important'
b"ive been awake since 7. 15 it's even a long day and thanks it makes me happy you're delighted"
b'thanks you for everything. now i am listening " sun goes down. " i love so much that song smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b': new blog post : london fashion week round up! " literally freaked out'
b"how does one fall asleep standing up soaking wet butt ass naked what's good w you"
b"oh good! we just started with the 100 & it's so dark. we could use something fun. smile"
b'i love waiting while the lady at the service desk is taking a personal phone call!'
b'wine is better for you than beer if you are pregnant, trying to preach'
b'dont get caught out - they just want your debit card details'
b"that's what i love about ma and ct you can register and insure a car without a license and that's what i did ha"
b'this was me like 3 weeks ago after driving without a license for 3 years lol'
b'i wanna be talking 2 sober girls not some drunk bitch who cant even walk straight plus the sky is the limit get what i mean?'
b'like seriously i got no licence a broken leg an im gunna lose my house. ill be your bodyguard as repayment. 1 of 2'
b"makes it on to the billboard hot 100 for the first time with 'never '"
b"so i have insomnia and for some reason you're music can make me fa asleep... it's magic!"
b'the queeen is never late unless you are actually late because i have been waiting like 100000 months'
b'why bitch about a naked wax model of yourself? kanye west is literally promoting your fame in retrospect.'
b'taylor swift seems like the type of chick that would poke a hole in a condom.'
b'taylor swift waved at a boy yesterday and he did not wave back... so she will have a new album coming out tomorrow.'
b'tay said he wants it to show off my ass so i have to figure out a way to get it to without looking mermaid'
b"do not worry figuring out what you're gonna do with your life only gets easier"
b"tbh as a gf/bf, you see a whole different side of your gf/bf than others see... that's why nobody could truly understand the relationship."
b'tbh : i hand out stickers in my ap class to people when they do their homework and it makes me so happy to do it like i love it'
b'tbh my colg algebra class being cancelled is the best part of my bday so far lol'
b"tbh my music taste is so hard to describe like it's literally everything except for the songs i dont like"
b'tbh there are literally like three people in the world who i can hang out with for more than 4 or 5 hours without wanting to strangle them'
b'\xf0\x9f\x90\xb1tbh we (you ) are going to do great on that vocab test tomorrow'
b'to fun times in ap chemistry!'
b'tbt to the night i fell in love with night photography. do not stop shooting just because the sun goes down!'
b'tbt to working at belts this summer because my favorite customers have paws \xf0\x9f\x8d\xa6\xf0\x9f\x90\xbe'
b'when i played love live for so long i passed out in the middle of a song and i woke up 30 mins later and the song was complete'
b'well that was a fun old day'
b'man you get in tv and talk like you were an all pro..'
b"teacher : 24 + x + 30 = 90. find x. student : it's between 24 and 30."
b'teacher : come on guys! you did this in 6th grade! me : i do not even remember what i had for dinner last night.'
b'teacher : do you understand now? me : yeah, totally teacher : walks away me : the fuck did she just say'
b"teacher : from all this talking, i assume you're done me : from all this complaining, i assume you're single"
b'teacher : " here\'s a worksheet... oh and it\'s double sided. " me : " i hope you die a painful death. "'
b'teacher : " how old is your father? " boy : " as old as me. " teacher : " how can that be? " boy : " he became a father only when i was born? "'
b"teacher : it's obvious some ppl did not study for this test me : me next time, sweetie"
b'teacher let us sleep in extra half hour and then class only lasted 15 mins'
b'teacher : please put your phone away me : please shut up'
b'teacher said i can not eat in class... i think not.'
b'teachers be like " you had all weekend to do your hw " but they had all week & still did not put a single grade in the grade book. \xf0\x9f\x90\xb8\xe2\x98\x95'
b'teachers call it " going to the bathroom " we call it " i am bored. i am leaving. "'
b'teacher : " sit up front. " me : " lol no, i sit in the back for a reason. i do not want to see your ugly face in hd. "'
b'teachers should give extra credit to kids who show a weeks worth of text messaging with zero grammatical and spelling error kidding'
b'teachers who say that most of the work will be done during class..'
b'teacher : " tell me the name of 3 great kings? " me : " smoking, drinking and f *cking. "'
b'teacher : " the test is easy. " me : " sure it is, you already know the answers. "'
b"teacher : we are watching a movie today. me : oh hell yes! teacher : i'll be giving you a worksheet to fill out. me : the fuck you just say"
b'teacher : " what comes after 69? " me : " mouthwash. " teacher : " get out. "'
b"teacher : where is your homework?, student : i lost it fighting this kid who said you weren't the best teacher in school."
b'teacher : where the is your math homework? me : it committed suicide, had too many problems.'
b'teacher : why are you at school so early? kid : my mom told me to go to hell.'
b'teacher : " why are you late? student : " i am late? " teacher : " you just missed an entire period " student : " are you telling me i am pregnant? "'
b'teacher : you failed the test. me : you failed to educate me.'
b'teacher : you failed this class me : yeah but you ugly tho'
b'teacher : you had all weekend to do you homework! me : uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life'
b'teacher : " you\'re here to learn. " student : " no, we\'re here because it\'s the law. "'
b'teach your kids about taxes and social security by taking 30% of their halloween candy and promising to give part of it back in 70 years.'
b'tears of joy gone be pouring down my face when i leave school loudly crying face smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'technically i agree. they usually do not get caught. criminals find people who want their money - plenty of inventory.'
b'technology is outpacing my ability to come up with convincing lies that i did not get your message.'
b'said he would not give it said he would not take it nice to find matched pair of clown shoes'
b'teenagers have time + energy but no money. middle age people have money + energy but no time. old people have time + money but no energy.'
b'teenagers : i lost my virginity at a party. me : i lost a follower while i was sleeping.'
b'teenagers : the most misunderstood people on earth. treated like children and expected to act like adults.'
b'teenage years are the best years of your life "... i sure as fuck hope not.'
b'continue hoping for yalls struggle to end. keep faith cuz that shit never gonna happen it seems neutral face'
b"teen pregnancy is more acceptable than being gay and that's really sad"
b'teen pregnancy will be at a all time low due to the releasing of black ops 2 & halo 4.'
b"teens : i like to smoke weed and get high. me : sometimes when it's cold, i like to breathe really heavy and pretend i am a dragon."
b'wow a convicted scamsters frustration is coming out'
b"sure. feels that it's normal talk for men to talk about molesting women. with his finger on the pulse he'll fit in nicely."
b'tell a girl she has an attitude & watch her catch an attitude about how she does not have one'
b'tell a man there are 400 billion stars and hell believe you. tell him a bench has wet paint and he needs to touch it.'
b'telling a girl to calm down is like trying to baptize a fucking cat.'
b'telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.'
b"telling people to follow me while threatening them. that's a nice approach."
b'telling someone not to be sad because others have it worse, is like telling people they can not be happy because others have it better.'
b'telling the cop that you thought the voice in your gps counted as a designated driver does not help your case.'
b'tell me i am cute or something so i can like roll my eyes at you but then blush when i think about it later'
b'ten years to wait oh boy! well nine as this year draws to a close!'
b'tequila is spanish for " forget how much you hate your ex. "'
b'ok i am not even gonna lie i was totally just stalking your page and liked something from forever ago so yeah sorry face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'terrible local council loss tonight for lab in ashford kent. down from 1st to 3rd. bad omen for oldham in 2 weeks'
b'texas love the way it goes down'
b'text a girl something stupid and it takes 42 seconds for three of her friends to get the screenshot'
b'textaphrenia. a disease found in teens, in which they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.'
b"*texting a new person *them : send me a picture me : bitch this ain't snapchat!"
b'texting is cool. you sound polite to the receiver but nobody knows that you are typing with your middle finger.'
b'texting one person consistently 24/7 is so much better than having multiple people in your phone'
b'texting someone who does not use emoticons is like being locked in a room alone with kristen stewart.'
b"texting wasn't always easy. in my day, you had to work for it. you had to want it. you need an s? you better click that 7 button four times"
b'text me first + fast replies = perfect person to text.'
b"text me when you're bored and i'll ignore it like i am busy."
b'wait, i thought you did not like lighties cough cough cough'
b'are you pleased with the performance of the london underground so far this week?'
b"tfw your family said they'd save you dinner and you come home to no food."
b'thank fucking god i close tomorrow instead of working morning shift. i really need to sleep in crying face weary face only had one day off this week face with cold sweat'
b'thankful 3: lunch with great ladies, cheap good shampoo, do not think i failed my test!'
b'thankful i do not have classes on fridays'
b'thank god for no school on fridays good'
b'thank god for the 2 -3 friends that actually care about me & check on me, you guys know who you are. ur a blessing i swear'
b'thank god i still have 5 days to achieve my goal of " going to the gym in 2013. "'
b"thank god it's an allergy and it will be a quick fix. i love that little baby"
b"thank god it's monday!"
b"thank god it's raining so now my hair will look fabulous for my senior pictures"
b'thank god! rt : i took those long nails off. they were press on for my shoot. omg i can text & tweet again.'
b'thank god the romney campaign is really specific on their policies and do not lie to americans straight to their face.'
b'thank god we do not send messages with pigeons anymore. where would i find 200 pigeons every day?'
b"thanks, all cc have been canceled & at least she's not responsible for any of the charges. will have to pay to fix window"
b'thanks all you beautiful people who stopped by during our trip into the amazingly fucked up world of finale tomorrow 7pm est!'
b'thanks a lot for supporting me and having faith in me.'
b'thanks a lot snow! now works canceled which means less hours and less money!'
b'thanks a lot for reminding me to do the reading notes?'
b'thanks a lot whoever fucked up the last 10 minutes of on charter. now i have to worry about spoilers like a late asshole!'
b'thanks assholes for not informing me that you. have. canceled our plans. i literally hate my lifr'
b"thanks for completely wasting my lunch break. after 22 years with you think i'll find another bank."
b'thanks boxing for another week of fucked up sleeping patterns and tiredness'
b'thanks bro and i actually used my brain you know it works pretty well and you guys are just trying to piss me off at this point'
b'thanks but our class got canceled'
b'thanks you fucked up the only show i watch on tv. you have to be the absolute worst cable provider out there.'
b'thanks dear, she\'s in hospital already though heavy black heart " : try giving her solid foods. or water. so it goes down. "'
b'thanks for pushing me into my middle splits and breaking my legs'
b'thanks dude...'
b"thanks eagles smhhhh... y'all let the fuckin bucs put up 35... i needed this game to stay under 45 smh fucked up 4k"
b'thanks for a fantastic class tonight carla... fusion was taken to a new level...'
b'thanks for all you do \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f but you do piss me off entirely to much unamused face'
b'thanks for always keeping me happy even tho you piss me off most of the time.. you the dude \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thanks for asking about me unamused face'
b'thanks for being such a good friend'
b'thanks for being there'
b'thanks for being there when i need you unamused face'
b'thanks for caring. face throwing a kiss'
b'thanks for coming to my game tonight unamused face'
b'thanks for ditching me today, proper good friends you are, glad to have you'
b'thanks for entering just do not hate me but remember this giveaway might be canceled and besides i need more people'
b'thanks for favoriting my tweet. was your retweet button not working or what?'
b'thanks for getting breakfast with me this morning'
b'thanks for getting me re booked thru dallas yesterday after my flight thru chicago was canceled.'
b'thanks for hitting me today'
b'thanks for holding the elevator'
b'thanks for keeping me up.'
b'thanks for listening...'
b'thanks for making me feel better!'
b'thanks for making me feel soooo much better'
b'thanks for making my decisions about what to put in my luggage so much easier'
b'thanks for picking me up and not letting me walk home alone in this heat mom'
b'thanks for preparing me for chemistry, you were the best teacher! i know exactly what i am doing! smile'
b'thanks for replying.'
b'thanks for sticking up for me, it really means a lot face throwing a kiss unamused face'
b'thanks for sticking up for me!'
b'thanks for telling us the class catalogue was finally up for dl four days before school starts.'
b'thanks for texting back raised hand'
b'thanks for texting me first and then ignoring my reply smile'
b'thanks for the 5 am fire drill pouting face'
b'thanks for the love and support (jerks )'
b"thanks for the lovely stream tonight. y'all are killing me with all the love and such. will work more on this sat."
b'thanks for the most fucked up best weekend of my life you bunch of cunts'
b'thanks for these updates! if any service is going to be canceled, how much of an advanced notice will you give?'
b'thanks for the support, family'
b'thanks for the vote of confidence.'
b'thanks for welcoming with your bullshit'
b'thanks for your message, but i just canceled my account and all my reservations. i sent you an email two days ago, too late sad'
b"holiday break can not come quick enough. some work folks be gettin ' on my last nerve! for real. for real."
b'thanks! here is other guy that refused unless we paid 150k extra cash, canceled when we said no.'
b'thanks! he will email you and add me and ask for our cable to be canceled'
b'thanks. hope it helps, than as germanfreemanfan i am still mad at again canceled at short notice unamused face pouting face'
b'thanks i got an email from support (shout out to rena ) & she canceled tote & will let me select another. thank you!'
b'thanks for making our first pep rally and home football game get cancelled!'
b"thanks kaili smiling face with smiling eyes and the tournament today was canceled persevering face but i'll have a great day at home face with tears of joy"
b'thanks lol n you piss me off to'
b'thanks matt! great way to piss me off first thing in the morning!'
b"thanks! face screaming in fear maybe they do not wanna say it's canceled because they think the situation might change. fingers crossed"
b'thanks rain for ruining my hair earlier'
b'thanks being late is so much fun!'
b'thanks for the confidence boost!'
b'thanks sleeping pattern you fucking dick! love being wide awake at this time, cheers for that. i can not get no sleep pensive face'
b'thanks so much for all your help tonight on'
b'thanks! they piss me off so much. i do not know why i even bother most of the time.'
b"thanks to facebook. now i know what everyone's bathroom looks like."
b'thanks to kira house my sinuses are fucked up'
b'thanks to our walmart change management instructor team for a fantastic two day class here at corporate!'
b'thanks to some great students who helped serve food at inner city ministries this morning!'
b'thanks to stop-gap rain this weekend, had to dry my clothes under fan.. now they stink.. sad'
b"thanks to the assholes who couldn't control their liquor & fucked up the 5th quarter last night. dumbasses."
b'thanks to the bae from tacobell that fucked up our order & gave us a bunch of free food smiling face with halo'
b'thanks to the bitch who fucked up with you cause now i get to show what real love is like. victory hand'
b'thanks to whoever fucked up my sisters car, now i cant see her! you happy?'
b'thanks to whoever put the note on my windshield that was very kind of you! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f cactus'
b'thanks to your newest update, i have not been able to use on my phone for two weeks! thanks a bunch,'
b'thanks volleyball girls for making me lose my voice..'
b"thank the stars it's friday, i am burning like a fire gone wild on saturday. guess i will not be coming to church on sunday i'll be waiting love"
b'thank you for taking a picture together now my class is canceled all thanks to ur power'
b'thank you for the good care'
b'thank you alarm clock for failing on me now rather than when i have exams'
b'thank you alarm clock for interrupting the very nice dream i was having about a goofy movie'
b'thank you alarm clock for never going off.'
b'thank you alarm clock, for not fucking working.'
b'thank you alarm clock for waking me up before nightmare begins fearful face'
b'thank you alarm clock for waking me up on time... neutral face'
b'thank you, alarm clock we were not sleeping.'
b'thank you alarm for not being on and making me miss practice'
b"thank you and ily 25ever you actual musical unicorn. you really did it again. so worth the wait, i'll never forget this day xx"
b'thank you apple'
b'thank you bladder for my alarm clock this morning'
b'thank you brother for scaring the crap out of me...'
b'thank you for ignoring us. really makes me wanna vote for you.'
b'thank you business building for bring 50 degrees pouting face'
b'thank you, but i think i rather wake up to an annoying sound instead.'
b'thank you chill alarm clock, thank you thank you'
b'thank you, cramps, for waking me up at 1 a. m... i just can not get enough of you.'
b'thank you for making me feel better'
b'thank you for making my life easier now.'
b'thank you for taking an hour and 40 minutes to read everything directly off the slides'
b'thank you. for taking what meant absolutely everything to me and basically throwing it away for me. you wonder why i never liked you.'
b"thank you for the input, i'll take it to heart!?"
b'thank you internal alarm clock for the early wake up on my day off.. zzzz'
b'thank you ios 8 for not letting me text anyone and not letting me get on twitter or any social network. you da bomb'
b'thank you itunes for the u2 album.'
b'thank you jesus for elp 6 because i am going to be dead after waking up at the butt crack of dawn for the alarm clock pep rally'
b'thank you lord for letting the alarm clock go off!'
b'thank you love! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i can not wait! but look at you, working so hard to see talented people rise to the top! amazing smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thankyou matt for having a doctors appointment, gonna love this lie in smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'thank you michelle jamie and ty for being my alarm clock'
b'thank you mtv for opening this door many years ago...'
b'thank you, never fun when they need to do an injection but i survived smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thank you nyc police and fire trucks for being a personal alarm clock every single day waking me up at 5am or before \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'thank you obama! i am really over weight and this is helping!'
b'thank you for being the alarm clock for my child this morning.'
b'thank you refs for making fantastic calls tonight'
b'thank you sa bestfriend ko na morning alarm clock ko. unexpected.'
b'thank you school for great internet connection'
b'thank you so much for coming to winnipeg! never experienced so much laughter!'
b"thank you so much lord for always knowing what's best for me. i have never been more grateful"
b'thank you that great alarm clock!'
b"thank you. there's no way yall possibly believe that everything he ever wrote was never his"
b"thank you for having a site that's always glitching when tickets release."
b'thank you to everyone who has an inspirational quote in their bio my life has been changed'
b'thank you to whoever set the fire alarm off this morning what a perfect way to start my day! i do not even have my backpack now'
b'thank you twitter for telling me that one of my followers followed like 3 porn accounts. really wanted to know that.'
b'that 100 degree heat index made that one of my most enjoyable runs to date!'
b"that ad was literally the longest thing i've ever seen."
b'that annoying moment when a package says " easy open " and you need scissors, a knife, a gun, and a lightsaber just to open it.'
b'that awesome feeling when a question on your exam is taken from the homework set which you did. so prime.'
b'that awkward laugh you do when you have no idea what the fuck someone just said'
b'that awkward moment between birth and death'
b"that awkward moment when a song starts playing & everyone around you says 'eww this song stupid af ' & you think in ur mind 'i like this song '"
b'that awkward moment when everyone in your house has been sick & you think you beat it but it hits you like a ton of bricks \xc2\xaf\\_ (\xe3\x83\x84 )_/\xc2\xaf'
b'that awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on tv but the can not get it because their parents must be 18 or older.'
b'that awkward moment when my doctor is checking my balls for a physical and i run my fingers through her hair... like a boss'
b'that awkward moment when no one else is laughing, except for you and you can not stop.'
b'that awkward moment when people are like, \'are you ok?\' \'you look tired \' \'are you mad at me?\' and you\'re just like, " this is my face... "'
b'that awkward moment when santa has exactly the same wrapping paper as your parents... ha'
b'that awkward moment when she dose not look like 200 likes in person'
b'that awkward moment when somebody is doing dishes and you slowly put another dish in the sink.'
b'that awkward moment when someone asks " what\'s wrong " and they\'re the problem.'
b'that awkward moment when someone asks you how old are you, and you have to think about it for a second.'
b'that awkward moment when someone comments on a really old picture and you realize they were probably stalking your page.'
b'that awkward moment when someone is crying and you\'re trying your hardest not to laugh. "'
b'that awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.'
b'that awkward moment when someone knows you, but you do not know them.'
b'that awkward moment when someone skinnier than you says " i am so fat. " and you stand there like (-_-)'
b"that awkward moment when someone's sad and you do not know what to say or do to cheer them up."
b'that awkward moment when someones voice does not match with their body.'
b'that awkward moment when the most annoying person is complaining about someone being annoying'
b'that awkward moment when ur uncle comes visiting and realizes you call ur elder brother by name'
b"that awkward moment when you are running and your boobs are bouncing... and you're a guy"
b'that awkward moment when you bend over in front of pinnochio and he lies.'
b'that awkward moment when you can remove 95% of her beauty with a wet towel.'
b'that awkward moment when you can not read your own handwriting.'
b"that awkward moment when you catch yourself singing a song that you're supposed to hate."
b'that awkward moment when you do not understand a joke but laugh anyway, and then someone asks you to explain the joke.'
b"that awkward moment when you finish a math problem and your answer isn't even one of the choices."
b'that awkward moment when you finish watching a tv series and you do not know what to do with your life any more.'
b'that awkward moment when you forget how to spell a really easy word'
b'that awkward moment when you get a nightmare that someone died, and you wake up the next day loving that person more than anything'
b'that awkward moment when you get out of the shower & realize that you only shaved one leg'
b'that awkward moment when you have 5 minutes left for your exam, and suddenly you remember everything.'
b"that awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse not to hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home."
b'that awkward moment when you keep talking and you do not realize your friend walked away.'
b'that awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is " act natural, you\'re innocent ".'
b'that awkward moment when you make eye contact while eating a banana.'
b'that awkward moment when your bro actually tells a cool story'
b"that awkward moment when you're actually sick and your dad does not believe you. good i hope everyone school gets sick now"
b"that awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth but you laugh during it, and everybody thinks you're lying."
b"that awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth, but you're laughing so everyone thinks you're lying."
b"that awkward moment when you realize you're walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending you forgot something."
b"that awkward moment when you're checking yourself out in the window of another car and realize there's someone inside."
b"that awkward moment when you're eating alphabet soup and then choke on the d."
b"that awkward moment when you're kicking ass at mario kart, then you realize you've been watching the wrong screen."
b'that awkward moment when you remember something funny, and can not stop smiling like an idiot.'
b"that awkward moment when you remember something funny, start smiling like an idiot, everyone stares at you wondering why you're smiling."
b"that awkward moment when you're reading a book & have to reread the same paragraph over & over cause your thoughts are too distracting."
b"that awkward moment when you're scuba diving and you see adele rolling in the deep."
b"that awkward moment when you're super excited for something and everything goes wrong."
b"that awkward moment when you're supposed to be cleaning your room and you put on music and it turns into a dance party for one."
b"that awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you."
b"that awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you never even dated."
b"that awkward moment when you're yelling at someone and you mess up a word."
b'that awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents, so you just sit there and look at your phone in silence.'
b'that awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you, and the plans do not include you.'
b'that awkward moment when your in super deep thought. then 3 minutes later you realize you are staring directly at someone.'
b"that awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced, people actually think you're stupid."
b"that awkward moment when you say you're not hungry, and then your belly rumbles"
b"that awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, and you scream their name, and it's not them."
b"that awkward moment when you show someone something really funny &amp ; they do not think it's funny at all."
b'that awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence.'
b'that awkward moment when you spell a word correctly, but it looks so wrong so you stare at it forever questioning its existence.'
b"that awkward moment when you spell a word so wrong that even auto-correct is like 'i got nothing, man. '"
b'that awkward moment when you take a bath in the middle of the day and do not know whether to wear normal clothes or pajamas.'
b"that awkward moment when you talk to yourself and you start smiling like an idiot because you're just so hilarious."
b'that awkward moment when you think someone is ignoring you when in reality you just did not press send.'
b'that awkward moment when you try to sing a duet with yourself.'
b'that awkward moment when you\'ve already said " what? " three times and still have no idea what the person said, so you just nod and smile.'
b'that awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation.'
b"that awkward moment when you yawn and your eyes get teary, then people ask you why you're crying."
b'that awkward moment, where theres an awkward moment, and everyone knows it\'s an awkward moment, then somebody says, " awwwkkkkwaaarrdd! "'
b"that boy soundin dumb cute when he sleepin cuz he finally ain't talking lmaoooo jk jk (he's gonna kill me )"
b'that " but how is that possible? " face medical store guy makes whenever i ask for a condom.'
b'that clip made my night because this whole weekend has been a dull suck. thank you'
b'that coochie is like wi -fi without a password because everybody is using it'
b'that crazy 5 seconds, when you stand up too fast, and you either go blind or extremely dizzy.'
b'that depressing moment when you check the price tag & walk away in shame.'
b'that depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long, it breaks off, and you wonder why bad things happen to good people.'
b'that depressing moment when you pull up to work and the building is not engulfed in flames.'
b'that depressing moment when you wake up during the best part of your dream.'
b'that empty feeling you get after you fail an exam, super great'
b'that exact moment when your mood changes from happy to sad in a matter of seconds is annoying things can only get better'
b'that extra half hour of sleep felt like 5 minutes'
b'that eyeroll when he does not text you back & then that double eyeroll when he does & you read the dumbass shit he came up with.'
b'that fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.'
b'that fake laugh you have to pull when your boss tells a lame joke'
b'that feeling after cleaning your room is satisfying lol'
b"that feeling of relief you get when it's the right side of note book to write on."
b'that feeling when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from hearing something or seeing something that really breaks your heart'
b"that feeling when you're so sick that sleeping feels like a chore"
b'that feeling you get when you get done cleaning the fuck out of your room'
b'that few seconds after you wake up before you realize everything still sucks'
b'that fire alarm tho, perfect way to end sixth block'
b"that first kiss with the person you've been dying to kiss is probably the best feeling in the world"
b"that follow was a complete surprise! ha '"
b"that funny moment when your ex tries to talk to you again & you're like... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha fuck you!"
b'that gangster feeling when you rap a song without messing up.'
b'that girl did not open her mouth all day today. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i was trying to see her missing teeth spaces.'
b'that goal was completely against the run of play'
b'that grass that you think is greener. they use bullshit for fertilizer. think about that before you jump the fence.'
b'that hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually do not give a fuck.'
b'that is great but i know companies bypass us laws & test on primates in f ***ing china who doesnt give a damn'
b'that is really great that you are in the studio keeping busy is a good way to keep your mind on a good track!'
b'that kid is on a cloud on his way to miami to be with a friend of his. you think he got time for your dumbass?'
b"that'll be right... home shitty telstra internet drops out while i am trying to help a friend over twitter. good stuff."
b'that looks like wet rolled up brown paper towels from a middle school bathroom'
b"yea. it's good! he looks better with dark hair tbh"
b'that love shit built bad confused face'
b"that minor heart attack you get when you read her 'right ' as 'night '"
b'that moment of disappointment when you can not pick your favorite toothpaste flavor at the dentist'
b'that moment of disappointment when you do not get the color gum ball you wanted in the gum ball machine.'
b'that moment of joy when you find money in your pocket.'
b'that moment of panic when you bite into a taco bell burrito hoping you do not hit the rice side'
b"that moment when either of you has to end the convo with 'good night ' but do not wanna stop talking."
b'that moment when the ugliest person you know is in a relationship and youre still single ;o'
b'you wake up on weekend at 6 am with fever, feeling like sh*t but excited anyways coz you got important meetings'
b'that moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you are thinking and both laugh.'
b'that moment when you are too dumb and can not even closely spell something to have autocorrect fix it for you.'
b'that moment when you can not keep yourself from laughing in an awkward situation.'
b'that moment when you get a text from someone you have not spoke to in a long time & all you can do is face with tears of joy laugh, read it & laugh again face with tears of joy'
b'that moment when you have so many things to do, so you decide to take a nap instead.'
b'that moment when you laugh so hard that no sound comes out and you sit there clapping your hands like a retarded seal.'
b"that moment when you miss one step on the stairs, and you think you're about to die."
b"that moment when you out of groceries but it's black friday and you'd rather starve than deal with all these bitches"
b"that moment when you pour a bowl of cereal and realize there's no milk so you sit there, wondering why bad things happen to good people."
b'that moment when you snag the last parking spot in the lot closest to campus. sorry for whoever got screwed'
b"that moment when you've fallen down on a trampoline, and bitches will not stop jumping so you can not get up."
b'that mood where every little thing pisses you off.'
b'that one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on facebook.'
b'that one best friend that turned into a stranger.'
b'that one ex you do not want the world to know you dated.'
b'that one friend that always gives relationship advice, but is still single.'
b'that one kid in your english class that will not stfu'
b'that one password you use for everything and if anyone ever figured it out they could single-handedly ruin your entire life.'
b'that one person everyone likes and you dont cause you know how evil they are and you get so mad cause no1 else can see it'
b'that one person in your class that you just want to smack in the face with a brick.'
b'that one person you wish you had never gave your phone number to.'
b'that one restaurant where you always order the exact same thing.'
b'that plan to go to bed earlier in preparation for school went well.'
b'that psychic was terrible. she did not even know i was going to run out without paying!'
b'that\'s a disgusting example of the downfall of society, let\'s make a reality show about it! " - america'
b'that sad moment when you feel yourself drifting apart from one of your friends'
b"that's algebra test got the best out of me"
b"that's an awesome idea"
b"that's a true best friend right there"
b'that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and can not take it off.'
b'that school lunch was on point!'
b"that's cool act like i do not exist cuz i am not popular enough for you but when you need help go ahead and give me a call. pouting face"
b"that's cool, dangelos, take your time making my food... it's not like i have a time limit for my break or anything..."
b"that's cool i really needed to know that! i am serious thank you for telling me!?"
b"that's cool mom, you knew i was going to be home for dinner yet you still did not get me anything to eat"
b"that's cool"
b'thats cool web browser take 10 mins to try and load something, then i click something else it loads instantly.'
b"that's exactly what i wanted to wake up from a nap to."
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that's funny"
b'that\'s how he got in her class off that " wait -list ". annalise knew the first day of class.'
b"that's how he got in the class. ain't no wait list. yo i am thrown loudly crying face"
b'thats how kevin love hurt his shoulder the first time... tryna jerk his arm away from niggas... chill fam we know you got the rebound'
b'that sleep lasted long'
b'that smile that makes you forget about everything for a few seconds.'
b'that\'s my girl " might be the cutest thing a boy could say'
b"that's ok, it's not like i wanted any more of the bacon i bought yesterday that i've only had two slices of!"
b'that song on your ipod you always skip but never delete.'
b'you know jackie and luis love me! they fixing to hit up the mall for their favorite daughter keirstyn! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"that's real fucking cute"
b"that's really going to want dangerfield to stay"
b'that suck weekend go so fast'
b"that's unfortunate. she's totally stupid for the tattoo but as a woman, i am not really here to make fun of her. this happens all the time."
b'thats what i thought, girl i was like why dudes always say i gotta babysit my daughter and im like wait what sir?'
b". that's why i never gave up and i never gave in.. cuz i know true love is waiting on me againnnn weary face"
b'when you realize its legal for you to smoke weed, but twinkies will not be around!'
b"that thing where you know you're not in a great place because you enjoy spending days doing nothing just in between depression sleeps"
b'that time between christmas and new year where you do not know what day it is, who you are or what your suppose to be doing'
b'that urge you get to write " no one gives a shit " on someone\'s status.'
b'that very sad moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room.'
b'that was actually really funny. but i do not like you. therefore i shall not laugh.'
b'that was a fun argument. i love my followers but anyway.'
b'that was an awesome text to wake up to'
b'that was exactly how i wanted to spend half my day'
b"that was literally the sweetest text i've ever gotten, makes this weekend not even matter smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"that wasn't supposed to be so obvious."
b'that was so funny i almost peed myself -. - tweet'
b'when you realize you can sleep an extra half hour and reset your alarm clock before you go to sleep!'
b'the 1 gym class i go to make up and gardener sets off the fire alarm. i am freezing and standing outside in a tanktop and shorts. fantastic.'
b'the 49ers chris culliver said he would not want a gay player on his team. he then got back to work chasing men around in spandex capri pants.'
b"the 5th floor does this really cool thing at night where they're obnoxiously loud and move around furniture while i try to sleep"
b'the 5 year old i babysit for told me he can not wait to marry me one day but that i am not the only one cause he is going to marry laura too'
b'the a1 literally bores me to tears! without a doubt the worst road in the north!'
b'the ability to sit down with another person and talk for hours, about anything and everything, is more attractive to me than anything else.'
b'the allergy pills lanaya gave me are da truth fr love her'
b'the amount of food i can prepare during a commercial break is amazing.'
b'the amount of people who confuse " to " and " too " is amazing two me.'
b'the amount of sex the person above me gets is astonishing... either that or elephants are running a marathon upstairs every night'
b"the amount of times i've seen people arguing over what the best thanksgiving meal is, is insane."
b'boy dont retweet that ok i fucking love angel go away'
b'the atmosphere on these european nights at anfield are something special'
b'the average human walks about 900 miles per year and drinks about 22 gallons of beer.. so the average human gets 41 mi. per gallon.. not bad!'
b'the awkward moment when the most annoying person is complaining about someone being annoying.'
b'the awkward moment when you can not understand someone even though they repeated themselves 5 times.'
b'the awkward moment when you finally get a housemate and ask her if she travelled from china last night. she was japanese.'
b'the awkward moment when you find out kate upton and selena gomez are the same age.'
b'the awkward moment when you pretend die infront of your pet and they do not move.'
b"the awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway."
b'the awkward moment when you remember something but you do not know if it was real or just a dream.'
b"the awkward moment when you're walking somewhere with your friends and the path suddenly gets smaller and you end up behind them all."
b'the awkward moment when your parents do not appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.'
b'the back of every furniture assembly manual should have a coupon for couples counseling.'
b'the bags under my eyes are bigger than my hopes and dreams'
b'the bank of america across where my mom works got robbed! had to call my mom if she was okay because it was during her lunch break.'
b'the bank on my freaking lunch break was not my plans unamused face'
b'the bathroom is for shitting, not for updating your facebook profile picture.'
b'the bbc shows that takes your money, but refuses to pay out when you have a genuine claim customer service'
b'the beauty of healing...'
b"the beeping on my microwave is telling me my meal's ready, but it suspiciously sounds like morse code for you're a fat and lazy."
b'the best cycling rain jackets for women'
b'the best feeling in the world is when someone you hate tells a joke and nobody laughs'
b'the best feeling in the world is when you realize you just do not care anymore'
b"the best feeling is when you know you're going to fail a test."
b"the best girls are the ones that chill at your house & spend and they're happy asf."
b'the best nicknames are the ones people do not know they have.'
b'the best part about summer is not having to see the dumb people from my school. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the best part of election yrs are the facebook political arguments. i love how they always seem to end in changed minds & deeper friendships'
b'the best part of my job is that my chair swivels.'
b"the best part of my nights is when guests are arguing. i find myself laughing so hard even though they're debating serious issues"
b'the best reply to " i love you " is " well that\'s a terrible idea. "'
b'the best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life.'
b'the best thing about being single is sleeping around. you can sleep all over that big lonely bed of yours. left, right, middle, wherever.'
b'the best thing about twitter & instagram is that every girl finally gets to be a princess, or a _princess, or even a prin_cess.'
b'the best thing is pulling a car up and the bluetooth kicks on and you hear a couple arguing'
b'the best thing on earth, is sharing a laugh with someone you love.'
b'the best things in life are the ones that are impossible to explain to other people.'
b'the best time for calc homework is 11 pm loudly crying face'
b'the best time to look for a job is when you already have one. men apply the same theory to looking for a girlfriend.'
b'the best time to reexamine your life is when you find yourself reluctantly nodding to the questions asked at the start of an infomercial.'
b'the best way to argue with a neo -con is to ask them very basic questions about their views/algebra " you want to build a wall? solve for x. "'
b"the best way to find out what's on a females mind is to make her mad. then all the truth comes out."
b"the best way to get your man to buy you new shoes is to tell him how good they'll look on his shoulders."
b'the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of your own sentence, that way they will just think you lost service.'
b'the best way to make people remember you? borrow money from them.'
b'the best way to start the way is with a car accident aint nobody got time for that'
b'the beyond two souls and heavy rain deal is great. smart too. definitely would not mind playing both again.'
b'uh, with this episodes you managed to do right a clich\xc3\xa8 kind of episode and fixing one of my least favorite s1'
b"oh yes, i live for them, seriously! it's so nice when you get called fat on a daily basis, isn't it?"
b'the bouncer at the club calls me kevin mcallister because i am always going home alone'
b"the boys should sing a. am live like it's such a good song, thee album sing. make it happen"
b"they're just real fun party games and i love playing both. i'll prolly wait til it goes down even more tho"
b'the buffet sneeze guard is there to protect you from vegetables.'
b'the busy bees had a great time at the fun run today!'
b'the campus police here at usi are so friendly. they left me a nice little present on my car! smile'
b'the candle literally exploded in my face but, it was a great start when the clock strike 12 face with tears of joy'
b'thecaradelevingne : after ermanno scervino 2012 - or'
b"the car ahead of me has a 'just married ' sign on the back. it's messed up that we live in a society where cars can marry before gays."
b'the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, " that\'s how i want you to do it. "'
b'good but i cant watch all of it school dance at 7 until 9'
b'the cherry on top of my day : being covered in hives after 12 shots'
b'the cherry to the best day ever...'
b'the coolest feature of the iphone 5s is that it immediately recognizes your old iphone as a punk *ss b*tch.'
b'the cops can not handcuff you if you cut off your hands'
b'the country side is a wonderful place to code in peace.'
b'the dark knight was just as good on 35mm in the theater tonight as it was right years ago'
b'the dark side of emotional intelligence'
b'the day after thanks giving, parents are right back to pissing me off.. they call me an angry person.. not my fault all they do is piss me off'
b'the day hasnt even started and everyone is already annoying the fuck out of me'
b'the day i do homework will be the day i love soap opera. never mind that lowkey entertaining.'
b'the day i stop waking up dead ass early to go to temple for doctors appointments will be the day. sleeping face'
b'the day just gets better and better...'
b"the day's not far when we would be measuring time in percentage of battery left in your phone."
b'that is wine not whatever wime is drinking'
b'the difference between pizza and your opinion is that i actually asked for pizza'
b'the difference between what you told me and the actual truth is just amazing.'
b'the doctor said i should be drinking more whiskey. also, i am calling myself " the doctor " now.'
b'the doctors are waking up and opening their eyes!'
b'the doctors office today. how fun'
b'the dudes do not be cheatin... it be the women cheatin and get caught so they kill or they want an insurance check smh smh'
b'the dude sitting behind me at the airport is blasting " proud to be an american " on his laptop... \'merica! heck yeah!'
b'the ear doctor is my favorite smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'the earth is dangerous, we need to go back to mars.'
b'the " earth " without " art " is just " eh ".'
b"the easiest time to add insult to injury is when you're signing somebody's cast."
b'the e! beauty added : \'what the doctors tell me is, " we do not have a crystal ball " \xe2\x80\x94 they love reiterating that to me. i am very optimistic'
b'are you guy joking? they both working in the same place. i am assuming they both make same wages! right?'
b'that will not change how you assholes calculate costs. oil always wins even if you have to lie'
b"the elephants upstairs are back at it again tonight, this time it's a screaming contest."
b'could you guys please upload some more videos coz i am done watching everything that says on youtube. please!'
b"voting is cool and all, but what about that girl with the fake boobs that everyone's talking about? and to be more specific..."
b'you take good care of your horses and protect them.'
b'the enemy of liberal capitalism today is not so much socialism as nihilism. -irving kristol'
b'the excitement is out of control right now. nothing like pissing off some feminists grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'the extra fifty grand was probably put in play for grande... cause you know its for charity...'
b'the face this fish pulled at the camera when i took a picture has literally made my life'
b'the fact i got all the classes i needed for next semester and still will not have class on fridays really made me jump for joy.'
b'the fact i just got home from work a lite bit ago and get to wake up and do it first thing in the morning again is just fab..'
b'the fact jazzlyn had to find out celeste has a bf through twitter acceptable'
b"the fact that i am only 15 and i am already losing sleep ovr homework and a paper. that's pathetic. i wanna go back 2when it was fun to learn"
b'the fact that i can turn my school alarm off for a whole week brings me so much joy smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the fact that i did not go to sleep until 4:15 really makes me happy. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'the fact that i just turned down a shift at work because i am stuck babysitting my siblings really making me sad'
b"the fact that my hamstring graft isn't hurting makes me excited for the day. might be a different story when i get out of bed."
b"the fact that my sister couldn't remember if i was turning 19 or 20 tomorrow... 18, tatie! i will be turning 18."
b'the fact that this man just cleaned my poo, he deserves a coffee on me. great way to start the morning'
b'the fact that we are stuck babysitting freshman are you kidding me?'
b'the fact that we do not have school next week makes me wanna cry with joy'
b'the fake laugh you do when you do not understand what somebody just said to you.'
b"the feeling of near death that i am getting from the stress and sleep deprivation of semester's end is kind of thrilling in a macabre way"
b'the feeling of not being good enough is amazing'
b"the feeling you get when you do not talk to someone that you're used to talking to everyday."
b'the fire alarm goes off and my breakfast becomes cold and soggy'
b'the fire ones piss me off so bad esp fire n sword bc if i get caught on a tombstone or rock i am dead thanks for nothing'
b'the first 5 days after the weekend are always the hardest.'
b'the first day i actually do not have homework!'
b"the first day i do not have homework or practice so what do i do, eat mcdonald's"
b'the first day of school everybody gonna be like " i missed you " i am gonna be like you ain\'t hit me up all summer swerve bitch.'
b'the first guy who made fire by rubbing two sticks together probably did a lot of other weird shit.'
b"the first rule of women's fight club is do not tell anyone what you're mad about or why you're fighting."
b'the following images are scottish independence'
b'agree please apologize to our men and woman putting their lives on the line while you poke funny funny'
b'the fraternity is blasting " yeah " at their social. this sone is truly timeless. name one other song that has stuck with our generation'
b'the fridge is a clear example that what really matters is what is inside.'
b'the friends that send you candy crush invites are the same ones that would taste something awful and demand that you taste it too!'
b'the funnest part of my spare is when my sister comes to see me!'
b'the giants of european football will be terrified of meeting liverpool'
b'the giraffe has the highest blood pressure of any animal.'
b'the girl at the store who rang up my purchases and took my money was checking me out.'
b'the girl i babysit said she cant wait to grow up so she can drink coffee i told her to just be thankful she still gets a designated nap time'
b'the girl who sits in front of me in geometry turned around and looked at me, said i was cute and complimented my eyebrows. i love people'
b'can not wait to call now we have all calmed down'
b'the good thing about listening to a new song is that it does not remind you of anyone.'
b'the government may force me to have health insurance but they can never force me to respect my body.'
b'the greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.'
b"the guy that's the voice of archer and bobs burgers looks nothing like his characters"
b'the guy who decided how to spell bologna was clearly in over his head.'
b'the guy who discovered milk... what was he doing with that cow?'
b'the harder you slam your weights down at the gym, the smaller your dick is.'
b'the hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.'
b'hey colin good show thanks for getting the massage out that beating your kids is not ok good parenting'
b"it's 2016 and ppl still have to make that statement. imagine 10 yrs from now when we're cleaning up other trump conspiracy theories"
b'it takes more guts to sit down then going with the crowd. actually. is the only one standing up, do not you see it?'
b'the history of roman literature is so interesting..'
b"the hobbit 2: we've still got a long way to walk"
b'the hot joanne sweet gets her asshole fucked twice'
b'the human body has 7 trillion nerves and some people manage to get on every single fucking one of them'
b'an english icon : now he will have an impact'
b'the ikwydls music video was so good + shawn with dripping wet hair is the hottest thing my eyes have ever seen'
b'the internet has made me so add. started off googling " how to replace a timing belt " ended up watching a video on how to milk a camel.'
b'the internet is a stalker. facebook asks what i am thinking. twitter asks what i am doing. foursquare asks where i am.'
b"the internet is like a someone you're in love with that refuses to hang up the phone before you"
b'the internet is more complex than the human brain, it may be possible that the internet itself is awake and conscious.'
b'their is very little one can do for lead poison. we owe the pukes nothing. their joy human!'
b'the joys of being a smoker. i get to sit in the cold unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b"the juice diet & i were supposed to start about a month ago is going pretty well i'd say."
b'good i am getting tired of being fabulous for the entire country all on my own.'
b'the key to ending racism is to promote love for all. not shift the hatred towards the other side.'
b'the key to happiness :1: order a pizza 2: eat that pizza 3: repeat'
b'the kid next door just challenged me to a water fight, so i decided to post this while i am waiting for the water to boil.'
b'the kids who put their tray in the wrong stack are way too cool for school.'
b"the klondike bar found out what i did for it, and now it's blackmailing me."
b'the ku football team may suck but the people sure do not thanks for letting us spend the weekend with ya russ! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"the lack of sleep is finally catching up to me and i've been siting at my desk for a half hour, not doing anything. sleeping face"
b'the land of the lost is quality television!'
b'the largest crowd of no voters under 20? they think they are winning'
b'you put up a good run face with tears of joy'
b"the last thing i want to do is hurt you. but it's still on the list."
b'the last two hours with an " woah amazing " teacher at school. i am gonna make it.'
b'the left over rain weather puffed my hair all up but my curls were cute while i was inside so i am happy'
b'the length of an essay should be like a womans mini-skirt. long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to keep it interesting.'
b'the less people you chill with, the less bullshit you deal with.'
b'the literature of disease is more interesting to me than all the healthy books. ~ t. e. lawrence'
b'the little baby elephants upstairs kept me up all night... so time to blast some music while getting ready for work smile'
b'the little mermaid is probably my favorite disney film about giving up everything you are in order to get a man to take care of you.'
b'the longest five seconds in anyone\'s life is waiting to press the " skip ad " button on youtube.'
b"i'll try to have fun while having blood being taken from my body!"
b'the lovely smell of marijuana in the morning... just great. i love kcc. why do people come to school high?'
b'the main reason i wanna be famous is so that i can be friends with other famous people'
b'the main thing i look forward to in life is raising dogs w/ someone i love'
b'the man that tells the truth to the girl he loves ends up lying to his wife.'
b"what's wrong with you people? what's so attractive about a fat, sweaty man with one leg and pubes for hair?!"
b'the miami heat playing the san antonio spurs is the only way i could ever root for anything from texas.'
b"the mini heart attack when you're in bed half asleep and you suddenly feel like you're falling."
b'the mirror store is calm and peaceful. i come here to reflect.'
b'white smiling face " : i cant again tonight. home already... will go whenever i get the time to again! enjoy my dearr. :-p "'
b"them niggas can be disrespecting women ass a whole, especially black women & y'all dumb hoes think it's cute.. y'all disgust me."
b'the moment of pure panic when accidentally activating siri in a quiet place'
b'the moment when a teacher tells me i shouldnt do any homework because band is all that matters'
b'the moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone is the moment to walk away.'
b'the more alcohol i drink, the more water there is left for the rest of humanity. do not all thank me at once. i am just doing my part'
b'the more i talk, the more i understand why i am single.'
b'the more you know... via'
b'the most amazing thing about the internet is how it allows you, with the click of a few buttons, to do absolutely nothing with your life'
b'the most frightening thing about nightmares is realizing that they were created by your mind.'
b'the most irritating thing is to come home and it have no food angry face'
b'the most powerful i ever feel is waving pedestrians to walk in front of my car. " go forth, and trust that i will not kill you. "'
b"you dont deserve it & those people just want to cause you pain, never give in. you kill 'em with kindness, karma will do the rest. heavy black heart"
b'the music at the rek though'
b': today was such an amazing day! " wow not even lunch? expressionless face'
b'the national weather service has upgraded the southeast michigan from a winter storm watch to a winter storm'
b'the neighbor is blasting yeah by usher omg'
b"the neighbour's barking dog is my alarm clock... one problem... i do not want to wake up yet. thank you unamused face"
b'the new james bond movie was good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'the next time someone asks me what i am doing, i am gonna reply " i am breathing 2 stay alive how about u? "'
b'the next time the creepy guy at the bar asks you " why aren\'t you smiling? " simply reply, " i do not smile while i fart. "'
b"the next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water."
b'then homework..'
b'thenichegamer : please rt! this is an open call to to msg us or archon to speak out on'
b'then i come home to this crap. setting off the alarm unless i stay confined in my room! no food. no laptop cable. what now?!'
b"the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could dance"
b"then it's supposed to rain all this weekend"
b'the noise of roadwork is so peaceful while i am trying to sleep'
b'the number of " followers or likes on your post " you have does not make you better than anyone else...'
b'the number of " followers " you have does not make you better than anyone else. hitler had millions, jesus had 12.'
b'the number of times i think " i do not care " while people are talking to me is really getting out of hand'
b'the older i get, the more i come to realize that i just do not care what the hell anyone thinks anymore.'
b'the older i get the more picky i become about who i allow to come close to me. i am nice & all but i only claim few people as friends.'
b'the older i get, the sicker my sense of humour and search history gets.'
b'the one day i come home from college is the one day we have no food in the house unamused face'
b'the one day i go to college, all teachers decide its best to take an off. wtf man. at this rate my attendance would be so fineee'
b'the one day i have no homework, i can not fall asleep.. makes sense.'
b"the one day i really need you you aren't there"
b'the one good thing that comes out of losing my wallet is i can not spend any money. cheers to payday...'
b'the only 3 certainties in life are death, taxes and if i win the powerball jackpot tonight, the video of me quitting my job will go viral.'
b'the only adventure i got in my life was while finding the ball from the garden around during gali cricket.'
b"the only beauty that lasts comes from a gentle soul and loving heart, a pretty face and attractive body 3 *music *'"
b'the only break i will get from constantly doing homework this weekend will be going to work... unamused face awesome.'
b'the only " b " word you should ever call a girl is beautiful. bitches love being called beautiful.'
b'the only cinco i want this mayo is on my ap exams'
b'the only con of stanning a korean boy group is that you have to wait several years to wait for each of the members to finish their service.'
b"the only cool thing about being up early on sunday's is the farmers market. i fucking love this shit!"
b'the only correct answer to " are you ticklish? " is " i will kill you. "'
b'the only excuse for the kinds of storms that have been happening lately is that someone somewhere is losing a game of jumanji.'
b'the only exercise i will be doing to day is stepping over boundaries'
b'the only exercise this month ive done is running out of money'
b'the only good thing about my day is that i learned you can order your wings " wet " from buffalo wild wings'
b'the only good thing about my schedule for next semester is no classes on fridays'
b'the only government agency that listens to you is the nsa.'
b'the only " hot action " going on in my bedroom is my laptop burning my skin'
b': yo does give out free coffee after an eagles win too? "'
b'the only people who call me cute live 7000 miles away'
b'the only people who do not click " skip " on ads before youtube videos are people who died during that ad.'
b"the only phone number i have memorized is my childhood friend's parent's so hopefully they're helpful if i am ever in a jam."
b'the only problem with the internet is that you do not know if what you\'re reading is true or not " - william shakespeare.'
b"the only reason i keep people's phone numbers in my phone is to avoid their calls"
b"the only reason i am getting up right now is for bre, she's so lucky i love her"
b'the only reason they make yellow starbursts are for when someone asks you for one.'
b'the only reason to have a second kid is if your first one does not get a lot of likes on facebook.'
b'the only thing faster than the speed of light is the speed in which i spend my money.'
b'the only thing i give a fuck about, is making sure everyone knows i do not give a fuck'
b'the only thing i hate about having a phone is when people call.'
b"the only thing i hate more then people who are in my way is people who can not decide whether or not they're going to be in my way."
b'the only thing i have learned so far in this company meeting is that this room has 37 ceiling tiles and 24 fluorescent bulbs.'
b"the only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock at 6am is the fact that it's my cellphone."
b'the only thing that i can turn on is my laptop'
b'the only thing that needs to turn up right now are my grades'
b'the only thing that shows up on my timeline is every single thing about love bullshit. helpful.'
b'the only thing worse than awkward silence, is when that silence is broken by an awkward " soooo anyways. "'
b'the only thing worse than having it rain after you wash your car is have to poop as soon as you get out of the shower.'
b'the only time chemistry is fun'
b'the only time i put my phone down is when it rings'
b"the only time i want to hear about your baby is when you tell me it ain't mine."
b'the only time somebody should be looking down on you is when they are on top of you.'
b'the only toys i was allowed to play with in the tub were the dirty dishes.'
b"the only way i know if i've bought enough beer is if my car thinks i have a passenger"
b'the other day i was walking i am the rain no makeup hair not done and the dude beside me said " i hope you know i think your really pretty " smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'haha. i turned text notifications off a long time ago. does a world of good'
b"the past two hours i've sat in a senior class being instructed what color is and how to open indesign. i feel so enlightened."
b'the people at health services are just so happy and friendly when checking students in.'
b'the people i babysit for, this looks like their garage can not wait to see little leo tonight!'
b'the people who live upstairs must be a family of elephants judging by their loud and incessant stomping.'
b"the people who use those location apps are never the people anyone's looking for."
b'the perfect end to a perfect week... the space bar has failed on my laptop'
b"the person who lives upstairs is silent all day and as soon as i am about to sleep every night without fail it's like a heard of elephants unamused face confounded face"
b"the pharmacist asked me my birthday again today. pretty sure she's going to get me something."
b'the phrase " use of the jerk-off motion is prohibited " has been added to our hr manual because of me. it\'s like winning an award.'
b'the pizza guy rang the doorbell and my brother started cleaning his room " oh god he can see how messy my room is "'
b'the plus side to having roommates is they eat all of your food. must be nice not starving like i am on this fine morning.'
b'the pool is closed'
b'the problem is i dont care but when i do care i care too fucking much'
b'the problem with rich people is that i am not one'
b'the problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts and the stupid ones are full of confidence.'
b"the purpose tour is the tour i was super fucking excited about going to, but he's not even coming to new orleans loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face i am hurting"
b'the quiet study is the place to get it on! uhh yeah!'
b'the rain better piss off! hate cycling to work in it.'
b'the rain gave my hair natural beach wave curls'
b'the rain is gonna kill my hair and today'
b'the rain makes my hair crinkly, ya know'
b'the rain played my hair today \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3 face with tears of joy'
b'the rain really did my hair dirty n i got a performance tomorrow. expressionless face'
b"i can not wait, thank goodness i am off cause if i wasn't i would have had to call in sick! lol cough cough \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5"
b'there aint nothing like some pumpkin pie and whip cream'
b"the real 5 second rule? if you can get to it before the dog, it's yours."
b'the real apocalypse will start when a girl will publicly say, " i was wrong. "'
b'just think of all the fun things we can make after you master chemistry'
b'yeah, i can not lie and say that i have not done it, too. really, the whole thing is really interesting to look at.'
b'and they want you to feel terrible about buying from grey markets like your robbing players'
b'the real struggle is wanting to buy everyone christmas gifts and having no money'
b'there are 10 year olds with the iphone 5 and my parents wont even buy me mcdonalds'
b'there are 2 kinds of people i can not stand : nosy people, and people who will not tell me what in the hell is going on.'
b'there are 2 types of people in this world, those who press " door close " in the elevator before others can jump on & those who are liars'
b'there are 364 days till christmas and people already have their christmas lights up unbelievable'
b'there are 3 good things in life, best friends, drunk nights, and drunk nights with best friends.'
b'there are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm.'
b'there are cheaper ways to get people to call you an asshole than buying affliction shirts.'
b'there are literally like three people in the world who i can hang out with for more than four hours without wanting to strangle them'
b'there are mean parents & then there are parents who turn off the wifi at night.'
b'there are no sour patch adults because we keep eating their kids.'
b'there are over 10 different flavors of ramen noodles, yet they all taste like poverty and loneliness.'
b'there are people you have not met yet who will love you and the thought of that just makes me happy.'
b'there are teenagers having unprotected sex, but have cases on their cell phones. just let that sink in for a moment'
b'there are three things that you can never hide. a loud sneeze, a hole in a sock, and one\'s love for someone! "'
b"there are too many people who could ruin my life by posting a screenshot of a text conversation we've had."
b"there are two kinds of people in the world - those i'd catch during a trust fall and those i wouldn't."
b'there are two types of people in the world - 1) " hey there! i am using whatsapp " 2) those who actually use whatsapp'
b'there are two types of people in the world :1. people who understand and appreciate sarcasm. 2. idiots.'
b'there are two types of people in this world. and i hate them.'
b'there are two types of people in this world and it is easily determined by what they do when an ice cube falls on the floor.'
b'the reason i can go on with life everyday!'
b"the reason i cover my mouth when i yawn has nothing to do with good manners. it's to stop ghosts from putting their gross dicks in my mouth."
b'the reason your eyes water when you yawn is because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.'
b'there comes a point during checkout when the gift bag, tissue, ribbon & card all exceed 12 bucks, & i decide that is your gift.'
b"'there ' instead of'their ' works but smile instead of smile messes up the whole convo."
b"there is a 100% chance that i've called some of the most wonderful people in the world the most horrible things imaginable while in traffic"
b'there is a huge difference between a hot girl and a girl wearing lesser clothes.'
b'there is always one person you just want to punch in the face... repeatedly.'
b'there is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy.'
b'there is a rare disorder known as " sexsomnia ", where people attempt to have sex in their sleep.'
b"there is a special place in hell for people who are not ready to order when it's their turn."
b'there is a thin line between being sassy and being an asshole and i cross it everyday'
b'there is a time and place for being immature & dumb. the time is now and the place is up your butt, round a corner. that was a double dare.'
b"there is no gun problem at those numbers, it's simply a political talking point to avoid the real problems"
b'there is nothing in our constitution that protects you from being offended by the truth.'
b'there is nothing like being snuggled up in the arms of the one you love'
b'there is nothing like the feeling of coming full circle again.'
b'there is nothing rarer and more beautiful than liking every song on an album'
b"there is no way i would refuse macdonald's fries even if i am glutted with food raised hand"
b"there is no way siri could be a woman, she only speaks when she's spoken to."
b"there is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. if you aren't ok with you, there is an issue."
b'there is quite literally a long list of people i really just want to kill'
b"there is so much shit built up inside that it's just going to burst like a balloon, full of hate and anguish."
b'there is very little that i despise more than than cycling in the rain. \xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x8c\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\x96'
b"there's a bald spot in my yard so i am gonna let the grass around it grow really long and then do a comb-over."
b"there's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in doritos."
b'there\'s a little truth behind every " just kidding ", a little knowledge behind every " i do not know " and a little pain behind every " it\'s ok "'
b'theres always a lil bit of seriousness that comes along with my sarcasm'
b'theres always gonna be ups and downs in a relationship and silly arguments, but when you love someone you sort that shit out \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d heavy black heart'
b"there's always got be that one person!"
b"there's always that one person that makes you want to raise your middle finger every time they speak to you."
b"there's a power outage in my street expressionless face right in the middle of me doing my homework"
b"there's a reason why he's a fan favorite ladies and gents and this is it..."
b'there\'s a reason why " sober " and " so bored " sound almost exactly the same'
b'there\'s a " send ", there\'s a " resend ", but why can not there be an " unsend "!?!?'
b'there\'s a serial killer in our house! normal people : " shit! call the police! let\'s get outta here! " in a movie : " let\'s go find him "'
b"there's a special place in hell for people that make you get ready & then do not respond to your texts & calls when you're done."
b"there's a special place in hell for people who do not flush public toilets."
b'there\'s " hell " in hello, " good " in goodbye, " lie " in believe, " over " in lover, " end " in friend, " ex " in " next " and " if " in life.'
b'there should be an \'lol \' type acronym for " i am not laughing but i acknowledge you were trying to be funny. "'
b'there should be a website for single people where they meet miserable couples & feel good about being single'
b"there should make a tornado shelter in the dallas cowboy's stadium.. no chance of a touch down there"
b'there sits the great moron... sitting at his desk doing nothing. good thing he has no chance of winning.'
b"there's just something so great about being home doing nothing."
b"there's literally no food in my house & my mom wonders why i always buy food before i come home unamused face"
b"there's literally nothing to eat in my house but cheese burger hot pockets.. mmm how gourmet."
b"there's no better feeling than being wrapped in your significant others arms, with your head laying on their chest"
b"theres no gun problem in the us. gun crime has gone down as we've bought more guns. we have a legal prescription drug problem"
b"there's no gun problem in this country"
b"there's no logical reason for shorts to be the same price as pants"
b"there's no sense in being kind if you only intend to use it to kill ; kindness is not a weapon, it's meant to help us heal."
b"there's nothing better than a nap after a good nights sleep."
b"there's nothing better than finding someone who sings in the car with you & has you laughing all the time"
b"there's nothing better than the smell of smoke in the air \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90"
b"there's nothing i love more than starting the working week with me being wide awake at 3:42am on monday morning"
b"there's nothing i love more when i am doing work at my carrel than 1l research classes right behind me."
b"there's nothing like a fuel spill to make my morning commute even better."
b"there's nothing like getting caught in a shower during your lunch break. enjoy!"
b"there's nothing like that walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the bin."
b"there's nothing like us, there's nothing like you and me"
b"there's nothing like waiting the day before semi to get your dress grinning face with smiling eyes"
b"there's nothing much to do for school so i will be on twitter tonight voting good skhsksjs"
b'theres nothing worse than feeling like you annoy someone you really care about'
b"there's nothing worse than getting told you're bad at the only thing you're good at."
b"there's not much more gratifying than seeing a chick who thinks she's super hot trip on her high heels."
b"there's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far."
b"there's no worse feeling than thinking you did great on an exam... and actually making a 60 loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"there's only one person i'd skip class for. can not wait to hopefully see you tomorrow \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'there\'s plenty of time... " smile'
b"there's something but do not want to get caught in it"
b'the restaurant biz : where you can make anywhere from -$150 a night. gotta love the inconsistency.'
b'there\'s this app on my phone that makes you look fat. it\'s called " camera ".'
b"there's this extremely bitchy chick on the new season of ink master that is exactly like oomf"
b"there's truly nothing interesting in modern literature. in their strenuous attempts to be different they end up being much the same."
b"there's truly nothing like meeting viewers while i am back home. so much genuine kindness and love. the most refreshing thing to be around"
b'there was a time when love started with friendship, now it is considered as friend zone.'
b'there was just a spider on me.'
b"there will be 10 seconds left of a song and i'll change it anyways because i just can not wait any longer"
b'there will be some playing at in the museum. fun exhibit built around chemistry set collection.'
b"there would be a fire alarm when it's raining and i straightened my hair"
b'i am you are biggest fan from india... i watched most of you are movie... and you are return in wrestlemani... can you pls say me a hai??'
b'keep up the good work man you are an idol for sure'
b'upstairs \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. legit sound like elephants are running'
b"the room is hot and it's late afternoon on a friday afternoon and i can smell cleaning products and my head feels fuzzy."
b'the russian meteor could still turn out to be a transformer.'
b'the saddest things in the world : -people forgotten on their birthdays-old people eating alone-animals left behind by their humans'
b'the sad moment when you return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie.'
b'the same ones who you thought was lame back then seem like the same ones determining whether you the job or crazy huh flushed face lol'
b'the scariest part of a relationship is the fact that you might not be good enough at any moment'
b'the scar on my bottom lip has never pissed me off more than it has today. shit is annoying. so soft. so supple.'
b"the school board's wisest budget cut has to be the one that includes new macbook's for faculty members"
b'i work at my local barnes and noble and i would love to read carval! the premise sounds amazng'
b'these 5 doctors get behind this sheet to pull off a hilarious performance you have to see'
b'these are the levels you can never allow arguments with someone you love to go to'
b'the secret to a life without care is to not give a fuck what anybody says or thinks about you'
b'the secret to be happy in life is to not give a fuck about what people think about you'
b'these dudes in my class were arguing if lebron or curry were the best in the nba i think this says it all'
b'these field goals are super cool'
b'these guys in algebra rn are trying to out best eachother in a piano app wth'
b'these nba refs be built as hell. they work out with the players or something? they have their own weight room or some shit?'
b'these next few months are gonna suck not playing every weekend confused face'
b'these people are arguing over who can say " yaaaaaa baby " the best outside my window face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'these people smell amazing on this bus?'
b'these pictures are of future teacher me and future free-spirit me'
b'these scrubs fit so good. expressionless face'
b'the shoulder belt retractor suddenly locked up this morning and now everyone in my car pool knows my safe word.'
b"the sight of naked cleavage reduces a man's ability to reason by 50%... per boob."
b'the smell of freshly washed dick'
b'the sneeze i love this'
b"the snooze button, because there's nothing like starting your day off with a little procrastination."
b'the sound of children laughing makes me happy. unless i am home alone and my power goes out.'
b'the speed in which a woman says " nothing " when asked " what\'s wrong " is inversely proportional to the severity of the b*tchfit that\'s coming.'
b'the spotify " top tracks near you " list lets me know i will not be hanging out with anyone in my zip code... like ever.'
b"here's a guy who puts his money where his mouth is"
b"the statement 'hey! calm down! ' has a zero to no success rate of getting someone to calm down"
b"the stupid fire alarm went off again today like no like that's 3 days on the run now! and it went off when it was raining so heavy and we"
b"fuck off you utter sack of bullshit... stick your crap up your i do not know what party i'll support scum sucking ass"
b'i wonder if they would have put her in the paper if she was 5 pounds over weight and had a few wrinkles'
b'in my country'
b"the sun shouldn't be allowed to come out until after your hangover."
b"thats why its hidden but tor browsers very slow and you need to know where to look, apparently. it's run by the shadow figures."
b"why do you guys always post the same story about 50 times everyday? desperation at it's finest."
b'the sweatshirts trisha got us are so cute like i am so excited to wake up tomorrow so i can wear it face with tears of joy'
b"the sweetest things you can do for a girl are the little things that let her know she's in your heart and on your mind."
b'the tag on a curling iron reads " for external use only ". now what sick bastard made that necessary?!'
b"the theme song from'mission impossible ' always plays in my head when i am trying to leave a one night stand without waking them up."
b'the theory " if you want something done right, do it yourself " did not pan out too well with my last surgery.'
b"the thing about jerks is that any joy they derive from being jerks isn't pure & light. it it is actually negative joy (poison ) so they lose."
b'the time i have spent watching netflix has exceeded my longest relationship.'
b'wow, after convicted chelsea said she understood why... do the crime expect the time, no matter how well intended'
b'the titanic is a great lesson of why just the tip can get you in a lot of trouble.'
b'the tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell their body parts for money'
b'the train life starts again next week. looking forward to it!'
b"the trick is to not let people know how really weird you are until it's too late for them to back out."
b'the trick to farting in an elevator is wearing a suit. no one ever suspects the guy in the suit.'
b'the true secret to happiness is to not give a fuck'
b'the two major causes of depression are : a ) having a job, and b ) not having a job.'
b'the two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.'
b'the type of snakes i hate the most are the ones in human form.'
b'the ugliness of your heart will always shift to your face.'
b'the upstairs elephants are home.'
b'*night* i am a brain, sleep brain : i think about the great me : shut up brain : is there knees penguins?'
b"the wait is almost over. spend time in the lab before tonight's all-new episode of"
b'the walking dead reminds you that other people would still be your biggest problem even if most of them died.'
b'the walk of shame when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no'
b'the way americans view the kardashians is the way the rest of the world views america.'
b'the way i kill em with kindness... all of you are dead to me!'
b"the weather's gonna be gorgeous when intramural starts"
b'the weekend buses can suck my ass'
b'i swear you could make nothing but garbage and i would still be obsessed with that shit'
b'the weirdest thing just happened. i was cycling to uni in pouring rain in the darkness and suddenly the feeling of christmas came to me!'
b'the " wet dog " look honestly makes me look so good. thank you rain for bringing this new style upon me. unamused face'
b'the whole wheat biscuits and whole wheat rice krispies are to die for tho. face with medical mask'
b'the wizard of oz is really just a cautionary tale about the lengths a woman will go to for the right shoes.'
b'the woman who invented the phrase, " all guys are the same. " was a chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in china.'
b'the woodrow wilson was kinda a wet noodle schmuck school of foreign and international affairs.'
b'the word " fuck " goes with anything.'
b'the working title for " love " was " art movie jizz in 3d ".'
b'*the world is big, & i want to take a good look at it before it gets dark* {john muir } sparkles'
b'the world is full of people who just need to hug a cactus.'
b"the world is improving in the field of technology day by day and i am here still trying to dance on 'its magic ' of hrithik roshan."
b'the worlds favorite disappointment'
b'the world was my oyster. then i found out i was allergic to shellfish.'
b'the world would be a happier place if people realize its okay to be sad.'
b"the worst feeling in the world is being in love with somebody that knows how to untie rope and run away while you're napping."
b'the worst feeling is when you find out you did not mean as much to someone as you thought you did and you look stupid for caring too much.'
b'the worst feeling is when you tell someone something serious and they dont believe you... tired face'
b'the worst part about taking naps is you expect to wake up afterwards feeling well-rested but instead you feel like you died'
b'the worst part of a half hour go train delay is i am awake now, and will not sleep on the train'
b'the worst part of being an insomniac is having to eat spiders while i am awake to maintain my yearly average.'
b'the worst part of summer is when the back to school commercials come on'
b'the worst thing about food poisoning is that you probably paid for it.'
b'the worst thing about that guy who posts non-stop gym updates is that all that exercise is gonna make him live longer.'
b'the worst thing after waking up? everything until i go to bed again.'
b'the worst thing is the day after the concert and you look at the time and think " at this moment yesterday i was having the time of my life "'
b'the worst thing that can happen when you invite someone over to " watch a movie " is actually watching a movie.'
b'the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.'
b'the writing lab office is always 10 degrees colder than the rest of the building. which. tonight, is very cold indeed.'
b'they alarm clock set though! thank you brother i miss you'
b'they are & have formed grp to bring him down. that\'s why he\'s now threatening 3d pty unless they\'re " nice to him. "'
b'they are so fucking hot yall this person is beautiful and they are also so educated and woke im so in love'
b'they are things i am very passionate about and i love that i have friends who are willing to listen and respect my arguments and opinions.'
b'they ask 18 year olds to make huge decisions about their career & financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom'
b"they ask us to keep patience and we can not hold a 'pulse ' in our mouth without biting it."
b'they been glorifying this shit for too many seasons like it was gon work shit never gon work that was built on a lie'
b'they be going tit for tat hoping you go tell them some shit raised hand'
b'they be like " delete my number " i be like... \xe2\x99\x95 keep calm it was never saved'
b'they call me macklemore in math class because im like what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what'
b'they call me the fireman because i turn on the hoes'
b'they cancelled jersey shore? wow, what am i going to do now?'
b"they changed the name to 'facebook ' because'stalk my ex ' seemed a little too creepy."
b'they do not have an argument so just label people and insult them, hoping if they say it enough people will believe it.'
b'the year is 2060. iphone 842 is released. the screen touches you'
b'the year youth culture exploded'
b'they expect me to save my pocket money, when i can not even save a relationship.'
b'they gave a music album for free and do you want to return it? shame on you... xp'
b'they hurt you and then they act like you hurt them'
b"confounded face weary face weary face they locked up the two female dogs in the kennel and they're in there dry humping each other face with tears of joy unamused face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'they look so good in white im wet'
b'they made pills to improve memory like those patients gonna remember to take them.'
b'they must send these guys to some high quality acting schools'
b'they need a carfax but for vaginas. " i have only been with 2 guys " yeah right show me the whorefax'
b'they playing waiting to exhale & a thin line between love & hate.. must be bitter thursday'
b"they're arguing about who's the best"
b'they\'re not " used cars " anymore, they\'re " pre -owned " i suggest " divorce " be changed to " pre -loved. "'
b"they're so cute together"
b'they said the world is going to end this year... pssh they can barely predict the weather.'
b'they say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk... we all know who that is... george bush. no one can dunk the economy like he did'
b"they say a problem shared is a problem halved. not if it's aids."
b"they say milk gives you strength. drink three glasses and try moving a wall. you can't. drink three shots of vodka and it moves all by itself"
b'they say that money can not buy you happiness, but being broke buys you nothing'
b"they say that money isn't the key to happiness. if i had lots of money, i'd have the key made."
b'they say the best things in life are freeis food freeis internet freeguess not'
b"they say the more you drink the higher your tolerance is, but that's bullshit because my friend's an alcoholic & he still hates gays."
b"they say you shouldn't go to bed upset... lol oh well smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"they say we learn from our mistakes. that's why i am making as many as possible, i'll soon be a genius!"
b"they say you can tell a lot about a man's personality by the car he drives... i do not have a car"
b'they should invent wifi bracelets, so you can wear them anywhere and have wifi connection.'
b"they should name hurricanes with black people names. i'd be terrified of hurricane shanaynay."
b"they should put prizes in tampon boxes, be like yeah your period sucks but here's 50% off of some icecream."
b'they should really replace, " i now pronounce you man and wife " with " finish him! " (mortal combat music blasting )'
b'they should turn off netflix at 1:00am for people with jobs and no willpower... bastards'
b'they way people show love make me wanna be left alone'
b'they were going to make headphones just for women but the name dre beats women did not sound good.'
b'things are getting pretty serious between us. we have not laughed in months.'
b'things i do not own enough of \xe2\x80\xa2 lingerie \xe2\x80\xa2 candles \xe2\x80\xa2 make up \xe2\x80\xa2 other useless things that will get me nowhere in life but i want them'
b'things i hate :1. waking up early 2. 1'
b'things i have not learned in high school : how to : pay bills buy a house apply for college but thank god i can graph a polynomial function'
b'things i have time for : - netflix - cute animals - hot showers things i do not have time for : - your bullshit - school'
b'things i miss about my childhood : heavy check mark no problems heavy check mark no hates heavy check mark no shames heavy check mark no stress heavy check mark no heartbreaks heavy check mark no school heavy check mark life was easier'
b'things i need right now :1. money 2. better grades chart with upwards trend 3. more money'
b'things that annoy me :1 people 2 slow wifi 3 homework 4. school 5 drama 6. school 7 low battery 8 school 9 and you know.. school'
b'things that annoy me-feelings -people -basically everything i do not know why i started making a list'
b'things that are enjoyable :\xe2\x80\xa2 showersthings that are not enjoyable :\xe2\x80\xa2 getting in the shower \xe2\x80\xa2 getting out of the shower'
b'things that get me in like the first 30 seconds : attractive voices jaws doing the thing a + dressing sense smelling good'
b'things that will always sound sarcastic : - good for you - thanks a lot - yeah right - nice to know - wow way to go - totally - ok buddy'
b'things will work out. things will work out. things will work out. things will work out. things will work out.'
b'things you need to be a dentist in england : 1. a hammer.'
b"thing to know : bno. boys night out. 'cause boys they wanna have fun via"
b"think about how much more stressful life's most stressful moments would be if accompanied by the running-out -of -time music in mario bros."
b'think about that too lmao, there is nothing like gushing to a cat :'
b'think about what last call would look like if walmart had a bar'
b'think i finally have a favorite asian rice recipe! after working at little india i fell in love with basmati.'
b'think i followed ikea instructions on how to live my life because i missed a few key steps but somehow i am holding it together'
b'thinkin bout you by frank ocean came on my pandora and wow i can still hit that high note smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'thinking about waking up early for a run. mostly thinking about how i will not be doing that.'
b'think i should have become a barber instead of a infantry soldier.'
b'think of a number between 1 and 10. add your area code. subtract your age. add some common sense. what are you even doing with your life?'
b'think of being on the beach with a hammock in the cool night breeze with a cup of the banoffee de leche just in a cup a nutted donut.'
b'third wheeling so hard'
b"thirsty thursday's make going to a friday morning class so much better"
b'this 100. 9 fever is really making me feel like a super star today..'
b'this 8:20 friday class is gonna be grrreat!'
b'this album is really just live. like every song smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this album sounds nothing like 21 thus far'
b"this bar does not know it yet, but it's about to be karaoke night."
b'this bar exam is great'
b'this bartender does not know it yet, but she is probably going to make me 36 hours late for work tomorrow.'
b"this beauty came in from first sticker i've ever sported"
b'this been a shitty sports weekend. dale finished 40th, browns did not play but we still suck and ohio state lost smh'
b'this being an adult thing really gets in the way of me living my life.'
b"this bitch said let's be friends"
b'this bitch sinclair is psycho and rude, i am glad they got this hoe out the paint'
b'this bottle of whiskey and i are gonna need a safe word tonight.'
b"this calc teacher def knows what he's doing"
b'this car has a sticker that says i think therefore i am vegan and also has zebra print car seat covers'
b'this chick on instagram posts so many pictures of her boyfriend i feel like i am dating him.'
b'this class is so intriguing'
b'this cold mist on my legs sure feels nice!'
b'this couple in the restaurant are kissing so hard and basically dry humping, stop'
b'this course just told me that papers should be in black ink and it told me what a title is. i am so glad this course is required.'
b'this day has just started off so great!'
b'this day just gets better and better!'
b'this day keeps getting better.. can not log on to do my test, teacher does not respond, take a bubble bath and i breakout from it...'
b'this day off of school tomorrow to do the thing i love is so blessed \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"this day off was nice now it's back to working a month straight"
b'this day was great'
b"this disgusting bitch! ugh im so glad she's dead"
b'this dude tweeted " i can not wait until 13/13/13 " somebody pray for this dumbass.'
b'this emoji " man with turban " is actually a black girl on facetime at night face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc this emoji says it all. your an angel face with tears of joy lol but you make me laugh all the time and you do make my day sometimes ha'
b'this might be a great fit for you : test process and equipment engineer -'
b"this entire time i thought that juice was the guy's name i never even considered it was a nickname i was like oh yeah mr juice smith"
b'this feels so nice rn.'
b"this fine ass 23 yrs young boy was trying to holla last night but i am like i know this ain't gonna work"
b'this fucking chemistry class ruins everything fun. can not wait to be done with this useless class. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'this game is a 3 and out away from being shut off. im fucking miserable 45 + hours a week, not trying to make my weekend suck too'
b'this gave me enough strenght to survive school & i hope same to you'
b'this girl has been on the phone since 5:30. not once have i heard laughter. i am guessing she runs multiple businesses'
b'this girl just tweeted " what\'s obama\'s last name? " i almost broke my whole thumb trying to unfollow her'
b'this girl said " ew " when i passed by. that did not make me sad at all.'
b'this girl tweeted " brb gonna take a shower ", 2 minutes later she says " i am back "... hoe get yo nasty ass back in that shower!'
b"this girl was literally my 2nd half all season, & it's going to suck not seeing her every weekend loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'this guy at the gym just did 3 sets of selfies.'
b'this guy in my anthropology class tried being rude to me and i literally just ignored him because he looks like peter griffin.'
b'this guy is wearing a hoodie that has pokemon ears and designs on it right across from me... guess college makes that " okay "'
b"this guy left work for cataract removal. since he's japanese, i do not know if he needs eye surgery or his escalade towed."
b'this guy literally smells like he rolled around in a pile of weed and walked into class'
b'this guy tailgating me is going to be really surprised when he finds out i have this condition where i just randomly slam on my brakes.'
b'this has been a great fucking day.'
b'this hospital is making crazy cause ive been cleaning this damn room like 4 times in a row already all in one hour smfh'
b'this is absolutely, without a doubt, the perfect time to get sick relieved face'
b'this is a great day unamused face'
b'this is a great video for classes and children will love this.'
b'this is annoying. it does not even love me this argument'
b"you're cool"
b'chemistry is fun! beats microbiology ill tell you that'
b'this is exactly how i wanted my night to be.'
b'this is exactly what i needed to start my day. anybody know any flowood cops?'
b'this is exactly what i need, to be getting sick when i have so much to do. disappointed face'
b'this is fun unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'this is how i feel every day'
b'this is how i feel losing my xbox one a nerd'
b'this is how i am feeling this morning! how about you? ( )'
b'this is how i see yellow lights when i am debating if i should stop or gas it'
b'this is how motivated i am at the gym right now'
b'this is how my hair looked before the rain happened and i had no umbrella'
b"this is incredible. thaksin was president less than 5 years ago and they're already editing him out of history"
b'this is just a great day!'
b'this is just awesome!'
b'this is just getting way to fucking frustrating. it always fucking second half. is this season over yet. i am done.'
b'this is just what i needed. expressionless face unamused face'
b'this is literally the first day i have not stayed up till 2 or 3 doing homework or studying.'
b"this is nice ', i whisper as i put my arm around the stranger sitting next to me at the cinema."
b'lol i am gonna chill let the gf take over. ha'
b'this is one of my favorite tv performances. last night on ---'
b'this is quite an interesting peice of literature, if i do say so myself!'
b'this is so exciting'
b'this is so true! how do we balance what we know to be great learning vs. test prep.?'
b'this is so typical that it hurts'
b'this is the first day all school year where i do not have homework weary face'
b'this is the first day i have no homework for ap'
b'this is the first day i have not had homework and i love it'
b'this is the first day in ages av not had homework to do after school'
b'this is the first day of the whole year that i have not had homework loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"this is the first night since the first day of school that i ' have no homework for"
b"this is the first relationship i've had and i'd appreciate it if every1 would get off my back and let me ignore my boyfriend once in a while"
b'this is the first time i have not had homework all year. i even had homework the first day of school.'
b'this is the first time since the first day of school that i have finished my homework before midnight and idk what to do with myself'
b"this is the greatest fucking day ever and i've only been at work for 2 hoursssss"
b'this is the last section of college algebra " this has to be the best thing i\'ve heard all day.'
b'this is the only comment you should be leaving on porn sites : " why are you doing this? please come home. your mother and i are heartbroken.'
b'this is the only way i know how to correctly use a semi-colon smile'
b'this is the time to be around your family. the ppls who you love the most. but i swear i just wanna be left alone for a while'
b'this is what we waiting for tomiho a love realiserye na'
b'this is why i lose faith in humanity'
b'this is why i never even attempt to sleep before 1am'
b"this just in : it's been a whole 30 mins since an nfl player was indicted or arrested for something awful. for long"
b'this kid infront of me is going to get a solid sucky bomb to his head if he keeps singing spicer girls'
b'this kid in front of me very literally just shit his pants in my lecture'
b'this lab is so fun! i cant wait to see how it turns out!, i can not wait to take it home and play with it! good'
b'this looks some good dark comedy!'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy this made my morning'
b'this month got me fucked up not physically but emotionally thanks to adele'
b'this new ios better be good, i literally had to delete everything off my phone'
b'this nigga tried to hit this girl with the " let me eat you out " line hoping he was gonna fuck.. she got the head & sent his ass home face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'this night has been pretty great so far.'
b'this one class better go by quick because i am feeling like heaven today.'
b'this one time i finished all of my homework and it was awesome..'
b"this party better make me not give a fuck about losing sleep for my 8 o 'clock class unamused face"
b'this patient just yelled out " i just sharted everywhere! " and continued to sing a country song face with tears of joy love the er'
b'this physics test is a great way to go in to the break :)))'
b'this might be a great fit for you : associate director of product management - ny'
b'this quick 9 -3 tomorrow then off till thanksgiving. man this weekend is gunna suck for us'
b'this rain got my hair mah curly expressionless face \xf0\x9f\x98\x91, about to do this shit again'
b'this rain is doing my hair no good loudly crying face'
b'this rain is totally not agreeing with my hair xd ;;;'
b'this rain messed up my hair man unamused face unamused face'
b'this rainy weather is making everything much better.'
b'this says it all'
b'this school, practice, work thing will be the death of me.'
b'this school smells like onions and wet dog'
b'this school year just started and i am already ready for it to end.'
b'this season of game of thrones is based on the third book, " everyone is walking someplace. "'
b'this smoke is cool'
b'this song is so good. i love it. i am going to listen to it 500 times in a row until i hate this stupid, awful song.'
b'this sounds great. imagine how busy with tourists it will be in 50 years to see about the atrocities that occurred'
b'this status was brought to you by me being bored on the toilet.'
b'this stress insomnia is gonna be real great for the exam in 7 hours'
b"this summer i'll literally only be working."
b'this teacher has such a hot voice crack'
b'this tempo clock is so cool! great job espn, cant believe i watched football before this...'
b'this the first time duncan did not give homework since the first day of school.'
b"this time tomorrow we'll be at awareness weekend having a blast! can not wait to make bhs history!"
b'this tweet is for you mom, please stalk me some more'
b'this tweet is so nice but mildly threatening'
b'this update is literally going to take up the rest of the space on my phone.'
b'this video is not available in your country. " " omg, where do i come from then? narnia?'
b'this was a fun day'
b'this was a great time to get sick.'
b'this was bound to happen. i can not wait until black students find out about the history of the democratic party.'
b'this weather is just fantastic for my bronchitis'
b'this weather is making me buy lights of amazon to film electric light bulb'
b'this weather is so great'
b"this weekend another weekend at home, thanks mom you're awesome"
b"this weekend another weekend at home while my friends are partying that mom you're awesome"
b'this weekend is about to suck cuz everybody at fall weekend expressionless face'
b'this weekend is about to suck. work, work, then work some more'
b'this weekend is going to be fucking awesome.'
b'this weekend is gonna fucking suck'
b"this weekend's been fun... even though i am getting two teeth pulled today \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xab"
b'this week has just been fucking awesome'
b'this week i was recognised by a student for being the " swayer " & " balloon girl " at sports awards \'14!'
b'this week keeps getting better and better'
b'this whole love in highschool shit dead i am going to wait until college'
b'this whole weekend is about to suck. i do not even get sunday off confounded face'
b'this why i stop arguing basketball (cont )'
b"this world can be a better place if people start accepting their mistakes as quickly as they accept'terms and conditions. '"
b'this year has been a massive split between worst year of my life and best year of my life'
b'thnx for all the help umass financial aid services, i am just really so glad you guys care about the students and not just their wallets'
b'thnx to my parents for dealing with me singing obnoxiously loud in the shower literally every single night'
b'and look how well a lot have got on since'
b'those are some pretty good refs'
b'those dreams were beyond f-ed up last night.'
b'those love you more arguments'
b'those memories that you randomly remember and you can not stop smiling.'
b'those mornings when you happen to glance at your phone & think you can answer just one email then quickly go back to sleep.'
b'those nights when you can not sleep and you have to be up early in the morning < ;'
b'those nights where you have second thoughts about everything and nothing feels right.'
b'those random moods where you just want to kill everyone for no reason.'
b"those two who went on the'date from hell ' and still met up afterwards has really made my love life look like a pile of puke."
b'those who tell you not to run with scissors are just trying to steal your scissors. run.'
b'thought getting up at half 8 today was bad, well then i can not wait to get back to half 6 mornings next week'
b'thought i had a only 2nd midterm today. until i got an email from the professor calling it a final exam. great. wonderful. fantastic. ugh.'
b'thought i was gonna get to sleep in...'
b'thought macaroons would be easy to make face with tears of joy'
b"he's so damn sexy i def thought this was gonna be fun."
b'thousand years to wait for the right guy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes relieved face'
b'three day weekend woo! not really fun when you have rest your swollen fat foot but i need my feet good for saturday night smile'
b'three day work week, oh yeah, i am ready grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'three hours of dental fun weary cat face'
b"three reasons to stand up :1. to get the remote 2. to go to the bathroom 3. because you're the real slim shady."
b'three stages of life :1. birth 2. w h a t t h e f you c k i s t h i s 3. death'
b'thresh is the best'
b"thrilling 10 -5 lecture tomorrow, on what's likely to be 2 hours sleep"
b'throat : dude, this cough sucks. brain : wait for the drop.'
b'throat hurts so bad... such a great time to get sick unamused face'
b'to when capone was acting like a sara mclachlan commercial bc he has such a tough life expressionless face'
b'throw the fuckin ball fag. i need them fantasy points to hurns lol'
b'thst moment when youre so tired you literally stare at the screen trying to come up with words while almost drooling'
b"thunderstorms &lightning, a horrible day and evening and a 10 year old sleeping with me. it's going to be a wonderful night of sleep! persevering face"
b'thursday for the last day of clinicals we are having a pot luck, i love pot lucks bc i really really love my food.. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"thx and for making fun of me, y'all rock"
b'i am eating some brownies with am &ms and i will probably start my chores and my homework soon. have an awesome day at work!'
b"tickle me and i'll tickle your neck with a knife"
b'tickling me is not fucking cute and i will kick you in the fucking face.'
b'i can not wait to seek her and maybe " cough " a'
b'tiger algebra calculator was the best invention lol'
b"lol. no ma 'am. just did not wanna wait until after break to get the few hrs i needed. your school did not have a half day?"
b'better training might be " how not to be murdered by the police "'
b'time flies when you take 2 naps a day and contribute nothing to the society.'
b'time for a 3 hour class.'
b'time for a healthy dinner'
b'time for soccer practice, so much fun!'
b'time for the best class of the day!'
b'i have not reached it all but i am constantly working on it.'
b'one could lend a lot to the clintons for his state of affairs, giving advice that no one can get.'
b'i dont think so not any time soon while he is still in trail. now pisitorius'
b"time to attempt this thing most normal people call sleep, let's see if i can manage more than 2 hours and not wake up at 7 again."
b'time to get back into my diet and eating healthy! i will prove to ollie i can go back to a size 6! runner'
b"time to get ready, good '"
b'time to get rest so i can wake up n be a slave to the system again... im excited af'
b'time to go to my 9:45 physics lab! woooo!'
b'time to learn spanish able to have a conversation with my fellow country men and women'
b'time to sleep. i am really excited about the tv show! can not wait to wake up and start the marathon!'
b'time to sleep i suppose, because my body does not lye down and do nothing enough anyways.'
b'time to start this 4th year of university. and what a better way to start than a meeting at 5pm? nothing this is perfect.'
b'time to study whoohoo!'
b"tim mcgraw's live like you're dying album makes me so happy smile"
b'confront means you coming face to face hostile tryna start an argument. use yo words correctly boo'
b'dealing with a problem and starting an argument are two different things dumb dummy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'tip : always comment on/ or like someones selfies cause it takes so much courage to post something personal'
b'tip for ugly chicks : whisper in any guys ear " i want you to come in my mouth " and you\'ll never have a problem getting laid ever again.'
b'tip to get out of jury duty : begin every answer with " according to the prophecy. "'
b'tired af but got my work done so good'
b'tired as all hell, but going to end my night with some then watch and good ^_ ^'
b"tired isn't even a feeling for me anymore. its becoming a personality trait."
b"tired isn't even a temporary state for me anymore. it's just an inherent part of my personality."
b'tired of my hair already, rain just messed it up unamused face'
b'tired of waiting and hoping for shit'
b'so my mom gave me the lesson on airing up a tire... thanks for the help. ha'
b'you can not stream songs or play them on the radio without paying for a license. if you wanna get paid write your own songs.'
b'good thing he followed up with that tape'
b'tmrow is last school day 4 2015 sounds fun but not really coz i still remember how sad it was. cause it really was.'
b'tm & the weekend is going to suck sad'
b'toady is already goin great'
b'to all 8th graders : if you think your group will stay together through high school you are wrong'
b'to all incoming freshmen : - enough sleep - good grades - social life you can only choose two. good luck.'
b'to all of my great friends. this is the last day i will be on earth.. i will miss you all. aubrey weiss death by chem test'
b'to all the ku fans already cheering on the sec tomorrow, just know that i hate you all and way to be faithful to the big xii'
b'to all the students who drop out and fail high school : remember two things, 1. you tried your best. 2. i do not like onions on my bigmac.'
b'to all the waiters out there : we do not get impressed when you try to memorize our orders, we just get nervous.'
b"to bad there's no medical advancement to prevent whooping cough oh wait"
b'to be honest i find it hard to believe that theres someone out there that would be able to spend the rest of their life with me'
b'to be honest, i really do not give a fuck. i lose friends, make friends and make enemies everyday. regardless, i am still going to be me.'
b'to be honest i still do not know how to play instagram videos i just keep touching the video and hoping for the best.'
b'to be old and wise, you first must be young and stupid.'
b'to convince my boss that i am keeping busy, i periodically yell " you think this is a game? " into my phone, then slam down the receiver.'
b'today alex really wanted to wear a pair of leggings so she took them out of the washer and wore them to school soaking wet'
b'today at school i saw 2 cops arguing about whether or not ham is the best meat'
b'today has been a great day since a banana exploded in my backpack'
b'today has been awesome smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'today has been such a long day that it feels like peter jackson is directing it.'
b'today i admit that i do not know how to read people... its a world nobody my kind of place i am angry face'
b'today i devoted myself to doing nothing, it was great'
b'today i am thankful that we have a herd of elephants living upstairs from us elephant'
b"today is a stay in bed, pull the blankets over your head, and pretend ur on an adventure in a kangaroo's pouch type of day"
b'today i saw a biker ride their bike on the side of the road, not the middle of the lane'
b"today i saw a sign for a suicide helpline on the back of a bus. i couldn't help but think, it would probably work much better on front."
b'today i saw something that reminded me of you. but do not worry, i flushed and everything went back to normal.'
b'today is going to be fun.. i get to empty then clean the inside of a concrete box in the middle of the mountains.'
b"today is going to be such a fantastic day, it's already starting out perfectly!"
b"today is just one of thouse days you need a break from school, wait that's everyday"
b'today is literally taking the piss'
b'today is my first day that i have free time and i have homework to do, i am still sick so i need to actually get to sleep for a while.'
b'today is my last day of anatomy lab! good only a practicum standing in my way of being done with lab!'
b'today is not my day after waking in on someone in the restroom they gave my room away at the doctors office hopefully the day get better'
b'today is one of those days where i feel like i am bothering everyone and nobody understands or cares.'
b'today is one of those days where i just cant stop listening to purpose headphone'
b'today is one of those days where i wish i could restore myself to the factory settings.'
b'today is such a fun day... unamused face pensive face'
b'today is the first day i do not have homework on a school night since school started weary face'
b'today is the first day, in nearly 4 months, i have not had any homework face savouring delicious food'
b'today is the first day i saw the word " pumped " in a published newspaper. good job exponent.'
b'today is the first day of the rest of your life... and if that does not work out for you, tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.'
b"today is the first day since i've been here that i have not had homework. i'd forgotten what free time was"
b"today is the first day since i've been in college that i do not have homework or anything due"
b'today is the first day since the beginning of the school year where i had no homework at all. so i decided to celebrate by sleeping'
b'today is the kind of day where you show up to the gym in shorts and realize you only shaved one leg'
b'today is the last day to vote for favorite male artist pop rock at the rt for your vote to count.'
b'today i tried to do community service & had an allergic reaction to insulation fiberglass & now am covered in hives/ rashes.. love it ~~'
b'today i will reach levels of " not giving a sh*t " that would make the honey badger proud.'
b'today just keeps gettin better and better'
b'today keeps getting better'
b'today may be test day, but it is also day so it will be a hours day'
b"today's a day of giving thanks for everything in your life so idk why my mind is only letting me think of things that piss me off"
b'todays been eventful. come to find out my stepdad has gay cows. dope'
b"today's been fantastic loudly crying face"
b"today's going great"
b"today's going to be a great day.."
b'todays gonna be fun.'
b'today should be a good day, just do not piss me off thanks in advance face throwing a kiss'
b'today should be fun! 3, 2 hour lectures in academic south wooooo!'
b'today should be fun'
b"today's my day off from working out, so i am gonna use this day wisely and take a nap."
b"today's my only day off, then starting tomorrow i am working up to 81 hours for the next 2 + weeks ;))))))))"
b"today's relationships : you can touch each other, but not each other's phones."
b'todays the first day i actually finish my homework before 9'
b"today's the first day i have not had homework in forever and it's so nice loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"today's the first day in like 81904 decades that i finished my homework"
b"today's the first day since the semester started that i do not have any homework to do."
b'today : stressed tomorrow : stressed next week : stressed next month : stressed next year : stressed next life : stressed'
b'today sucks. i like knowing everyone is mad at me. smiling face with smiling eyes pensive face'
b"today's workout : laugh really hard until you get a six pack."
b'today was fun other than the fact that i burnt my finger.'
b'today was great til i had to study for a math test... \xe2\x99\x88\xe2\x99\x90'
b'today was my first day of school and i already have a lot of homework weary face'
b'today was my first day without homework and i enjoyed it \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'today was such an amazing day!'
b'today went fucking fantastic'
b'today will be an awesome day full of homework & studying'
b'today will be good! as long as i ignore current events, sit in the dark and cry!'
b'today will be the first day i am thankful for adverts so i can do my homework in the breaks of im a celeb'
b'today would be a great day to just chill at home doing nothing.'
b'to do list :1: change facebook name to " no one " 2: \'like \' peoples statuses.'
b'to do list : get a sword. name it kindness. kill people with kindness.'
b"to every drunk girl i've met in bathrooms : i love u, may you have clear skin n healthy relationships n i meant it when i said you were beautiful"
b'to everyone who fucked me over thanks cause you all turned out to be really fucking trash but thanks for the favor kissing face with closed eyes'
b'to find out who views your facebook profile the most, just look in the mirror!'
b'to get out of a text convo : " the message could not be delivered due to a temporary network setup error. please try later. error 2128 -226110 "'
b'to get ready for bed or continue studying..'
b'to get the new update i would have to delete literally everything off my phone'
b"'to improve the mental health of young people, we should start by tackling stress among teachers '"
b'to kill a mockingbird with kindness'
b'told a joke about curling my hair which he did not get.. he thought i straightened and then curled my hair.. face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b"told a woman to calm down once, so yeah you could say i know what it's like to survive a near death experience."
b'told my dad to get a house with a back house so i can have my own set up lol'
b'told my dad to invite grandma and grandpa to my bday cookout'
b'told my kid, if his friends ask, " is your mom a lesbian? " look \'em in the face and go, " why? are you asking for your mom? "'
b"told my mom to pick me up cus i wasn't feeling good and she shows up right when school ends pouting face"
b'told rafa about the class that involves twerking & he said no more twerking in class for me flushed face lol'
b'told stove i was taking notes but i am actually playing plants vs. zombies'
b"to me chemistry is a huge letdown, i thought we would do labs and fun stuff involving chemicals but it's all writing"
b'tomorrow i am doing my makeup work & washing clothes & cleaning my room'
b'tomorrow is friday! except this weekend is gonna suck!'
b'tomorrow is gonna be fun.'
b'tomorrow is my day off and i have an alarm on for 7 am sleeping face sleeping face weary face if anyone ever says i do not love my nephew/niece they are'
b'tomorrow is my first day back to school & i am about to have so much homework loudly crying face'
b'tomorrow is my last day of school before thanksgiving break! good'
b'tomorrow is my longest day and i am going to be running on only two hours of sleep'
b"tomorrow is the last day of blood bowl! please come donate - you never know whose life you could be saving (& it's always fun to beat usc )!"
b"tomorrow's a new day and another chance to fuck things up just a little bit differently."
b'tomorrow shows are canceled. tickets will be refunded. thanks for your understanding.'
b"tomorrow's the last day of school before thanksgiving break hallelujah shout for joy"
b'tomoza is gunna be fun'
b'to much homework again... great tht i slept and now i hav no time'
b'to nap or shower? or nap in the shower? either way homework & study session comes after'
b'tonight i hit the lab and began to record something that was other than greatness, other than myself. 2hrs in the studio thrown in the trash'
b"tonight in my lab class i was fortunate enough to take part in a brain dissection and it was the most beautiful piece of art i've ever seen."
b"tonight i shaved one leg then decided it wasn't worth shaving the other"
b'tonight is not a night to piss me off but thanks any way javi smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight just gets better and better'
b'tonights online dating msgs from a guy bragging re suspended license for driving without a license bc he lost it bc of a dui. winner?!?'
b'tony hoped to keep his birthday today low key... i believe that should be respected... winking face'
b'us braves fans are really enjoying the end to this season...'
b'you have to right that ship before it starts duringhockeyseason'
b"i fuckin love the jacket dude.. i wish it was smaller and less thick i could have worn that shit 24/7 but it's just way too big"
b'too bored to sleep. too sleepy to human.'
b'too cold and dark outside for biking. staying in and streaming free bike videos on you tube. anything good on tv worth tuning into?'
b'too excited to get my wisdom teeth pulled today grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'took a looooong, hotttt, steamyyyy shower trying to end this day on a positive note. got out & realized i only shaved one leg. i give up bye'
b'took a nap and still feel like shit.. so excited to sit through this class smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"took a nap and woke up to ole ' jimbo laying the law down on jameis winston. impressed with the 1st half suspension."
b'took a shower 3 hours ago and my hair is still wet... cool'
b'took me 2 hours to enroll in classes today so good me. unamused face'
b"took sleeping meds 3 hours ago, glad to see they're working -. -"
b'too much fun with this red blood vessel'
b'top -choice : grapefruit getting ready to trim - or'
b'to read or play madden'
b'gotta get that license tho... you can not even get hired for certain positions without one'
b"it's so fun sitting on ur burnt butt all day in leggings"
b'to scare everyone on halloween im just going to upload a selfie'
b'to sleep now or attempt to stay awake for htgawm? hmmmm'
b'to steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. to steal from many is research.'
b"now that's low mr m. it's bad enough on motd without paying extra for it."
b"i mean, i get it. you're saying that mechanically it's not really fun or well designed in your opinion. that's it."
b'totally aced that exam! what a great way to start my weekend, and break'
b'totally didnt see that coming xd'
b'totally just voted btw'
b'totally love being at a new school where i only know my bf \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss face savouring delicious food'
b'totally lovin life rn'
b'totally spontaneous... not \xf0\x9f\x98\x82! see you in few days la grinning face face throwing a kiss'
b'totally will. but. i will take no responsibility for the addiction and joy and possible food poisoning that may follow.'
b"to the guy that said i look like adriana lima... you couldn't be more wrong. biggest compliment ever"
b'to the guy who decided to drive in my lane going the opposite direction, i would love to commend you on how great of a driver you are.'
b'to the guy who was just singing as he walked past our bedroom window, thank you very much for the wake up call!'
b'to the people who live upstairs... it sounds like you have a heard of elephants up there'
b'& to think round 2 would be any different.. ha'
b'touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if its wide use 3, make sure its wet and rub up and down... yep thats how you wash a cup'
b'tough day getting news of a friend passing away. great memories working together every summer in college. rip kyle crying face'
b'tough game this weekend. good thing louisville is bowl eligible. must suck to not be bowl eligible *coughcough *'
b'to wait around to attempt to sleep or to wait until i get this?'
b'thank the good lord for wet ones.'
b'traffic in the morning is boner inducing'
b'thank you for never failing to make me laugh'
b"trail mix is just a reminder of how much better it would've been if i just ate a bag of am &m's!"
b'trams are always on time'
b'thank you guys so so much i will never get tired of saying it'
b'we have like 80 gfx just need one stop being a fag'
b': i have been celibate for 4 fucking months " wow so long'
b'travis porter - make it rain'
b'" this band sucks "'
b'yeah ha blasting adele in my way home now smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'treasure those who appreciate you and just ignore those who dont like you.'
b'treat your woman the way you treat your smartphone ; take her out regularly, touch her often & make her the most important thing in your life'
b'only time i ever completed homework on time (and correctly ) was when we had to do this on the first day of school'
b"i cant loudly crying face im working today's my only day off"
b"face with tears of joy we weren't ever dating. lmao just because i do not like you does not mean you need can be a fag i said we could be friends?"
b'man i wish my friends did shit like this for me'
b'being that i beeeeeen waiting since you was supposed to originally drop it way back when i say immediately \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d come thru'
b'tried to get jon to grow a big beard so i could feel like im with someone from'
b'tried to plug my charger in the wrong hole. siri was like stop " i do not do that ".'
b'tried to pull a push door, ended up committing and ripping it off the hinges to avoid looking like an idiot.'
b'tried waking up at 8 to book a doctors appointment, woke up thinking i was still in my dream and google would not let me. so no appointment face with tears of joy'
b'tries to spell word can not spell word uses different word'
b'yet was in vegas for 24 hours. but a whole week a vids this chick has no life whatsoever! cant wait!'
b'it was the best cause i can not write for shit. im not good at putting thoughts on paper and your not good at algebra.'
b'trivial things - as in the magazine and also one of the gacha story, keito said that he is not good with'
b'trivial things that piss me off, the way queueing for a bus home as totally gone out the window, thanks to'
b'trivia plans got canceled for tonight, so i have no excuse not to work on my sofawolf submissions. now i just need inspiration!'
b'everyday i wonder if your ever gonna learn how to tweet properly'
b'true fear is when you\'ve had the " seeker " walk by you when you were playing hide & seek.'
b'true friends do not judge each other. they judge other people.. together'
b'true friendship is when you walk into their house and you automatically connect to their wifi'
b'true friends spend 5 hours with you cleaning ur room'
b'true love is holding in your sneeze so your cat doesnt get scared and run away'
b'true love is praying for someone and asking god to give them the best even if that does not include you.'
b"true love is telling your significant other that you have not seen the youtube video they're about to show even though you have."
b'true love is when you burn your tongue when you take a bite from a pizza and you still keep eating it.'
b'true love is when your pet comes to your room on its own'
b'true love lasts a lifetime? explain my empty bowl of ice cream.'
b'true love right there'
b'true love : your partner getting up from a nap to help you because you clogged the toilet.'
b'trust me, when i woke up today i had no plans to be awesome, but shit happens.'
b'in : says is while the on cannabis as medicine'
b'try and act like an adult but cryin on ig... you really sound like youve " manned " up'
b'try -dumping before sharing content. a great tool for this is go on, get practicing!'
b'trying & failing to change my twitter name'
b'trying my hardest to not fall asleep in this lecture but i am so tired'
b'trying to do homework during my free period working'
b"trying to do my algebra hw while watching netflix isn't my best idea"
b'trying to embarrass me is so unnecessary i do it to myself just fine'
b'trying to find some classy shirts & literally everything is a crop top'
b'trying to have a productive night...'
b'try to and before the come out'
b"that's gotta be a difficult assignment!"
b"true, but even with mainstrean we still debate over who's best. i bet if somebody say you lost to hollow you'd be arguing too. lol"
b'tucking my shirt in like my mom did in 1993 is all the rage.'
b'tuesday come faster weary face'
b"tuesday's and thursday's get me through the week. love going to the hospital for clinicals! smiling face with open mouth"
b"tui billboard : the swayed the public so much that the internet party will be able to form govt on it's own"
b'tupac kickin back in cuba been waiting all these years to come back reincarnated and drop the sickest rap album of 2014'
b"you right it's not easy, but do not stress about bs that will not even matter later on... enjoy yourself bro raised fist & fuck everyone else"
b'turning off the lights downstairs then running upstairs so no one kills you.'
b'turning the light off in the bathroom when is in the shower is my favourite thing to do'
b'turns my fan on high so i can still sleep with a blanket'
b'turn up? how about turn in... your homework stay in school kids'
b'tv led me to believe life would have way more treasure maps. but so far none.'
b'this is so weird... people at me school say i look like you and call me ur little sister! and i am like " yeah i am sexy lie him'
b'tweeting and texting with one hand -easy pedestrian'
b'tweeting at work... having sooooo much fun and honestly not bored at all'
b'tweeting from the gym'
b'tweeting " is so much more fun to say than " updating my facebook status ".'
b'twelve years a slave is really about a guy studying to become a doctor.'
b'tw// im so fucking allergic to dogs i give one a bath and half an hour later im still covered in hives'
b"twitter has a bird as its logo, that's why when you join you're an egg. and your home button is a birdhouse. why am i just getting this?"
b'twitter is a great excuse to talk to your self without looking stupid.'
b"twitter is confusing me this morning. it's okay to beat your kid until he bleeds but beating your wife is wrong. got it."
b'twitter is currently the only social network that your parents have not ruined.'
b'twitter is like my dirty diary of all the facebook statuses i could never post.'
b'twitter is like my fridge... i know there is nothing new but i check it every 5 minutes anyway.'
b"twitter is like the fridge. if you're bored, you keep opening it."
b'twitter is my bestfriend. i can share random stuffs, with no plastic and judgemental.'
b'twitter is my friend, youtube is my voice, and google is my brain.'
b'twitter is so much better when you dont try to argue with everyone and just laugh at funny tweets'
b'twitter is the one place where you go to say all of the random thoughts in your head and see if everybody else is as weird as you.'
b'twitter is the only place where you can follow someone and not get called a stalker.'
b'twitter is where insightful citizens leave their unique observations about themselves and the world around them.'
b"twitter makes you love people you've never met ; facebook makes you hate people you've known your whole life ; myspace makes you... nevermi"
b'twitter taught me how to use " &gt ; " and " < ; " better than math did.'
b'twitter thought i wanted to follow fox news'
b"twitter + tumblr + facebook + youtube = reasons my homework isn't done yet."
b'twitter was definitely invented by a man. a woman would have chosen a higher character limit.'
b'two classes on the engineering quad... not out of place at all...'
b'two days is not enough time for a weekend'
b'two days of class next week, and i have three tests within those two days. fantastic.'
b'two days of school left then a 5 day break. two more weeks of school then winter break! oh yeah!'
b'two faced people are the best!'
b'two of my favorite words are " client remediation ". sure it applies to fixing their issues but also to their attitudes.'
b'two of my idols on a track.. wooop!'
b"two quizzes this afternoon, for my 1 and 2 o 'clock classes :o"
b'two reasons why i do not let my gf touch my i phone coz :1. i do not have a gf. 2. i do not have an i phone.'
b'two tests one right after the other...'
b'two things you really do not have to chase : true friends and true love.'
b'two types of people that annoy me : drunk people when i am sober. sober people when i am drunk.'
b'two weeks into school and i am sick... so shocking.'
b'tx so much for speaking to my class! you were fantastic! glad you liked the video'
b'love how suker just disappears every time something goes down'
b'do not forget wiz'
b'yeah i was blasting music the whole time running around'
b'i can not wait to start my trek to work an hour earlier than usual just to get there on time smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'ty oomf for the reply'
b'type " homosexual " in the twitter search bar, click people, look at the first 5 people that come up. coincidence? i think not.'
b'typical high school girl snatching one whole sheet of paper everyday good'
b'typing " lmao " while knowing fine & well that your ass is firmly attached.'
b'typing the lyrics into google to find the name of the song.'
b'thanks for all these shitty songs i didnt download on my iphone'
b'you can delete ur post, but you cant delete the screenshot i sent to my bestfriend'
b'you can not force someone to feel the same way you feel about them'
b'you can not ruin what i love! will be forever in my heart!'
b'you can tweet sign on shit but not answer me...'
b'uc just gave me a check for literally no reason face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'you deserve a nice boy who texts you back and buys you tacos and does not kiss other girls behind ur back and who makes you laugh and thinks ur funny'
b'you do not have to like me, not everyone has good taste'
b'you do not know disappointment until you sit down every thursday for seven fucking years, watching ur favorite tv show ever turn into bullshit'
b'you ever get mad at yourself for being calm and rational about a situation when you realize you missed the perfect opportunity to go crazy'
b'you ever get really mad at someone you love but like you love them so you can not stay mad and that makes you temporarily even more mad'
b"you ever have the feeling in the pit of ur stomach that something just isn't right right"
b'you ever took a really good snap but you didnt send it cos you thought you can take a better one but actually the first one was much better'
b'you ever wake up nd feel like you have not drank water in 5 years'
b'ugh another in class graded exercise. yep thats deffers gonna motivate me 4 class'
b'ughh i am staying up late for these damn boys... your welcome i am losing sleep because of you people'
b'ugh i can not wait to be home tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes seriously gonna have my bag packed and everything just so i can go to union as soon as i finish class'
b'ugh i hate to have to do this.. but i am fixing to have to block one of my favorite people'
b'ugh i love hunting season, cant wait to we dead animals all over my newsfeed'
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91 ugh i miss you so much! it's been a long time since we've talked but we definitely need to catch up soon! text me"
b'ugh this weekend is about to suck unamused face unamused face'
b"ugly people exist to make pretty people stand out and that's my contribution to society so... you're welcome."
b'you got the dwarf part in shrek which is so fitting face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f glad we can rant to each other & call each other a bitch without being offended luv ya'
b"uk it's gonna be a good day when you wake up with a migraine"
b'hurting anybody by doing it and i think people moaning about it are just excited because it gives them a reason'
b'you know a girl is mad when she starts off her sentence saying " i just find it funny how " bc there\'s a 99. 9% chance she did not find it funny'
b'you know you have a problem when the delivery man says in a thick accent " you melissa? you shopaholic, i love you - you keep me working! " lol'
b'you look cute, who you trynna look good for " myself you motherfucking bitch'
b"we offer sushi classes on campus! c website 4 more info or message 4 details. we'd love to come up!"
b'unbelievable but true -surprised bbc bias? " "'
b"our school so wet we ain't even on there loudly crying face weary face"
b'i just would love if i can have an iphone. following you from the ur videos keep up the good work'
b'under capitalism man exploits man ; under socialism the reverse is true.'
b'undercooked subway actually makes me feel good..'
b'undercurrent at - love the conversation shift from " my " health to " our " health'
b'under obamacare, you may not be able to keep your current friends with benefits. check the website to see if sexy singles want to meet you.'
b'understanding is deeper than knowledge. there are many people who know you, but there are very few who understand you.'
b'understand that going into any surgery, you have that small chance of never waking up. understand that doctors give it their all. please.'
b'undertale is undeniably a great game, but without that connection i think it might not have exploded onto the scene as well as it did.'
b'ive got about 4 or 5 semesters left depending on if i take summer classes or how many credits tired face'
b'you never realize how dirty or bad a song is until you listen to it in the car with your mom'
b'you neverrrrrrrrrr get caught up. or you can go the simple route n just flat out tell them what it is but then you will not get the bs you want face with tears of joy'
b'unexpected text messages from someone you missed or care about are the best type of messages'
b'unfollowers " spelled back words is " srewollofnu ". which sounds a lot like " screw all of you " coincidence? i think not.'
b'unfortunately, all the signs that a woman is in love with you, are exactly the same as the signs that she wants to murder you.'
b'unfortunately i am the type of person that you can screw over 1 million times and i would still be there for you if you needed me.'
b'unfortunately some of my best moments in 2015 were spent with people who will not even be a part of 2016'
b"universal fact : your girlfriend misses you the most when you're partying with your friends."
b'unless i am staying with jaz this weekend will suck'
b'unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck.'
b'unless you count their 15k miles that will sit there doing nothing. but just had a great call with'
b"unless you're music, i do not want to listen to you in the morning."
b"unless you were severely beaten with a canned good, i do not want to hear about how you're in a food coma."
b'until you need one lil fag'
b'up alllll night doing math lab... good neutral face'
b'update : i got all my classes and no fridays'
b"update : it took me 2 mins to register and i wasn't waitlisted for anything and no classes on fridays get on my level"
b"update : keep those thoughts of love and health coming! they're working!"
b"update : passive aggressive note to upstairs neighbors did not work. they're still elephants"
b'up mad early like i had a good nights rest'
b'up since 7am with this little scamp, but on the upside, love being up early enough for on'
b'upstairs neighbors walk like fucking elephants.'
b'excited to read hope it settles once and for all how superman shaves with laser vision without hurting himself.'
b"up way too late picking my parents up from the airport. their plane is still on the tarmac waiting for a gate. and it's pouring rain. yay."
b'ur allowed to have 5 emotional ass minutes in the day then the rest you gotta be a gangsta'
b'yuck, yeah. we walked home from school which the kids thought was super fun (really! ) way more wet than biking neutral face'
b"u're 17 years old. you smoke, you drink, u're not a virgin... & you wear more make-up than you do clothes. your mother must be so proud."
b'ur favorite disappointment at ur service'
b'ur not true friends till you realise you were on the other end of a phone line when they lost their virginity xo'
b'ur rly dark ur rly dark and ur mean and ur dark and ur a fag and ur my uh ya. ur my bfffff. oh did i mention ur dark? ha fag bye'
b'urrrrrrrg why can not i just have more acne pensive face pensive face pensive face'
b'ur so funny'
b'us again by chuck wicks is on replay because i love making myself cry'
b'you motivate & inspire me & my son to be more active.. thank you for putting god first'
b"fake!, that's all i need to know, another lie of liars"
b'"for as were the days of noah, so will be the coming of the son of man" (matthews 24:37) it is not going to get better'
b"if your life is too busy to remember your child in a hot car then maybe you shouldn't have them. just saying."
b'i wish a south side chicago gang banger or three would just kick the ever loving shit out of him.'
b'kanye is a zero talent bag of fecal matter with bad taste in women. and to think one condom could have prevented all of this.'
b'so wear is all that money going? since the government works for the people are we all getting a check??'
b"used a new face mask and it resulted in being covered in hives and my skin feeling like it's melting off smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'used to have neighbors who used to move furniture at 2am every night'
b'use y =mx +b to calculate the slope of how down hill my life is going'
b'us freshies are fresher that the rest... so watch our swagger.'
b'using my thumb for removing the chat headers more than scrolling.'
b'i was exhausted. they had an ambulance waiting for me at airport. i had to spend 2 weeks in hospital and got the boat home'
b'you smell like spoiled milk on a hot day'
b'us to send 3,000 troops to africa to fight... ebola i call bullshit.'
b'usually if something does not load on my phone within 3 seconds i am done trying.'
b'usually relationships end when people get tired of pretending to be the person their partner likes.'
b"uti's are so much fun"
b'uuhyour necklace hanging from my neck the night we couldnt quit forget when we decided.. we decided to move the furniture so we voy'
b': " cancer or not, for her crimes if convicted, she must spend the rest of her life in jail. " " wow'
b"it's a good thing your dead pool, you can not kill yourself."
b"well its hard when you're known as the sexiest man alive throughout social media"
b'but its still fantastic seeing more white women going black and breeding black! smile irrespective of social class'
b'i am lookin mighty fine this morning... face with tears of joy'
b'i am sorry about the argument last night but i did not mean it, i still love you and i am always here for you'
b'vatrano gets off a shot then gets hit hard into the boards behind the net ; goes down the tunnel'
b': have you actually ever heard that? loudly crying face unamused face "'
b'vegas girls love the way it goes down'
b'vegetarians, if you love animals so much why do you eat all their food?'
b"velasco arrested for driving without a license - operating a vehicle without a driver's license will land you i"
b'i know i also can not wait for you to leave me and andrea all alone to starve and die while you travel to fun places'
b'ahhahaa okay face with tears of joy wait babysit who'
b'ver a justin con selena me recuerda nama a " nothing like us "'
b"i am sure we'll see all of the documents posted on in the name of transparency."
b'very excited about hugging on saturday and not hurting his back this time when i do it'
b'very interesting lesson.'
b'very strange how you can talk to someone everyday and still miss them'
b'very very sick & have not been fully healthy in 2 + months :// just hoping things get better soon, this is shit'
b"very very very true. and that's my argument, ultimately. i just do not want us to get caught up on it/in it."
b'via why do young people like socialism more than older people? because capitalism failed a generation'
b'lmao i am just hoping i get pto cause the day before christmas break i hit 90 days.'
b'- kinda has the same symbol as whatsapp when you get a msg. how innovative'
b"victoria secret's email... sale only today! ok let me just stop everything im doing & drive to the mall."
b'its a bit easier to keep trying when you love the work... i do have low days, but i hope for another great job soon!'
b'video game idea : a game that teaches gamers how to say words to women.'
b'video game logic : everyone worse than me is my bitch and everyone better than me has no life.'
b'half did not show up, foreign exchange student from china and a girl who seems to not give a shit'
b'vika will play against ana and i will not watch, amazing'
b'vikings could " reverse course " on peterson : the walls closing in. possibly a 75% chance that does play vs. the'
b'do not want to give up on cassel after his bad performance in week 2. seems legit, he had a excellent career with the chiefs...'
b'vince vaughn has shaved his hair off and people can not believe he looks different'
b'you could make the argument of k love the most improved player tho too lol... he just has the confidence now'
b'yup! i burnt my journal partly because my younger sister found it, read it and made fun of me sad'
b'love to hear his response but i had to run to the bathroom to puke. i have not had much to drink either.'
b"virgin in 2013? she's a blessing"
b'we are still waiting for the box to be fixed. 4 th day without a phone, will i be compensated for the inconvience? happy'
b': prefers quiet gatherings over loud parties. " maybe this is the reason why i am not really into partying grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love your english. take some classes bud'
b'visit to the dentist and changing a flat - two of my favorite things in one morning. talk about stars aligning!'
b'good fine i didnt wanna fuck the skeletons anyway but wait you never imagined this bc i always did cough'
b'we are having a sale all weekend unamused face so shits gunna suck lmfao'
b'volleyball is just a more intense version of do not let the balloon hit the floor.'
b'vote for to win favorite premium cable tv actor at the white right pointing backhand index'
b"true. i liked your video, dude. i wasn't trying to be jerk. i apologize if it came across that way smile love itb"
b'not sure what\'s going on but you know i " am here too. try to enjoy your break though!'
b'no need to get all touchy. voting for the cute guy has nothing to do with smartness. smart ppl do dumb things, sometimes.'
b'wait why are there cigarettes between your thighs in class'
b'i wear glasses and my eyes water a lot too. a cycling cap with the bill pulled low. i can not ride in rain without it.'
b'right cuz i twitter stalked you and purposly tweeted this cuz i wanna be just like you'
b"wait a minute this isn't your homework... this is twitter. how did that happen?"
b"wait but why did i just get id'd buying cough medicine?"
b'wait - do you need an id to buy cough syrup?'
b"waited all day for an important delivery, no text to update me & surprise surprise it's not been delivered. not happy at all!"
b"wait good idea i'll ask people on irc to babysit my macbook over tinychat"
b'wait holy shit tomorrow is the last day of school before break and i have zero tests and no homework fuck i love my life'
b'wait i got no one to really love to piss me off thanks god'
b'waiting for a man does not prove how much you love him. it only proves how little you love yourself.'
b'waiting for my love to call back so i an close my eyes \xe2\x8f\xb1\xe2\x8f\xb1'
b'waiting for my love to get back from the doctors, so might as well clean my best friends house smirking face'
b'waiting for someone to sweep me off my feet but nobody has had a low kick powerful enough yet. the challenge stands.'
b"waiting for the day when i find the girl who helps me understand all the love songs i've ever listened to."
b'smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f waiting for the supervisor to brings us some gatorade'
b'waiting is not a waste of time... it is worth it if you truly love the person your waiting for... =)'
b'waiting on babe to facetime me, i think she might have fallen asleep on me again... \xf0\x9f\x98\xaagotta love her though \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f relieved face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'waiting till the night before to study for a biology exam is always a great idea smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wait is adele not streaming her album on spotify i can not live like this'
b'wait let me clarify, i did nothing but babysit'
b'wait my sisters will be working meaning im gonna have to babysit daleyza lmao bitch bet'
b"wait so are you threatening him now? that's not very nice"
b'wait till you get to highschool ur not gonna be sad ur gonna be'
b"wait till ' you fall in love and get pregnant and left alone"
b'wake me up when i am rich'
b'wake me up when the school year ends'
b'wake up : exhausted12 pm : exhausted3 pm : fucking exhausted7 pm : about to pass outbed time : the energy of 5 million condensed suns'
b'wake up like this flawless!'
b'wake up to do it all over again.'
b'waking up and not having school i love summer.'
b'waking up at 1 on your day off love it \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'waking up early to go to the doctors sux'
b'waking up early two days in a row for doctors appointments expressionless face unamused face'
b'waking up everyday work my ass off, blessed with family, friends and my love around then enjoy those little things.'
b'waking up every morning, with a headache is not the business. gonna have to go to the doctors.'
b'waking up for class everyday is like going to the doctors. nobody really wants to go or be there at all. except for the people getting paid!'
b'waking up for class tomorrow is gonna be fun.'
b'waking up sick is the besttt face with medical mask'
b"waking up to be told that all my papers that i have submitted need to go through turnitin and reprinted like, which of the doctors ' is this?"
b"waking up to growing love for the here's the link for all those just joining us! buckle up \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f sparkles"
b'waking up with a killing sharp pain by my rib cage loudly crying face 4th time this week.. going to the doctors'
b'waking up with the person you love by your side is the greatest joy smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'waldo. the prime example that a good man is hard to find.'
b'walked through campus in the pouring rain with my backpack open good life'
b'walking across the grass to my apt... and the sprinklers come on expressionless face raised hand i am literally soaked face with tears of joy'
b'walking around the kitchen like pac-man when your hungry'
b'walking behind a guy vaping on his way to class'
b'walking from woods to strong in the pouring rain. good college'
b'walking in pouring rain to class, good'
b'walking in the rain is a great thing. riding the subway soaking wet is not.'
b"walking into work on an overtime day to have to train a new supervisor who looks like your jerky ex's twin makes for an awesome day"
b'walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, " try not to act like a criminal, try not to act like a criminal "'
b'walking round the garden in my pjs with the dogs going mad at the firemen at 7oclock this morning was great fun'
b'walking up from car parc to the school of business in this weather was horrible weary face soaking wet'
b'walk of shame through leicester city centre looking absolutely wicked'
b'walk up in the club like " what\'s the wifi password here? "'
b"walmart does not have a dildo section. but it's always fun to ask their employees if they do."
b'wanna come over to myspace and twitter my yahoo till i google all over your facebook?'
b'wanna go to america so bad weary face weary face need to visit this fag face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'wanna hangout? " actually, i have to do something in a few weeks so i need to stay home and rest until then, thanks though!'
b'wanna hear a joke? sleep i know, i do not get it either'
b"wanna know what's fun? having random allergic reactions and not really knowing to what face with tears of joy oh wait it's hell \xf0\x9f\x98\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0"
b'wanna troll your ex? text her " we need to talk! " switch off your phone and sleep'
b'want a lady in the street but a freak in the bed!'
b'wanting someone more than they want you is hands down the best feeling in the world.'
b'want people not to mess with you?put blue gatorade in a windex bottle. walk down the street drinking it.'
b"want to get caught up on the hospital bacterial infection outbreak? here's what we know :"
b'want to get in shape and grow 2 -3 inches taller fast to impress your friends? check out the tips and tricks in my last tweet.'
b'want to see something amazing? check out the race in my last tweet. the fastest man on the planet runs so fast.'
b'rune of power and incanters flow are not really fun, i rather have a static damage boost even if is lower'
b'does not determine who is right - only who is left.'
b'warehouse was packed tonight! great job to all who made it out there in the pouring rain!'
b"war for the planet of the apes? how'd i not know about this!"
b'warlords of israeli arms walked out, saw the photos of the destruction their weapons caused & decided to end the arms trade for good'
b'warning - do eat sushi before playing soccer.'
b'warning : every single thing i post from here on in, is alcohol induced.'
b'warning : must be 18 to view my last tweet due to extreme nudity.'
b'warning : this tweet is not for younger readers! ok, here we go... tits.'
b'fine dont hangout with me shows how much you love me.'
b'was at u2 concert in belfast tonight fantastic show world class'
b'was comfortable when i left my apartment 30 min ago and now i am really hot expressionless face love this weather'
b'was getting ready to word a tweet about the sick twisted human being who set of a fire alarm whilst it is raining. then they did it again!'
b'was gonna go to the party to watch the fight but i got stuck babysitting weary face'
b'was gonna work on an essay today. might fail the class tho so just gonna go ahead and wait for that confirmation before i exert my energy.'
b'was hating my job until i drove past a grown man dressed as a taco on the side of the road. thanks again perspective'
b'washed clothes, finished hw, and studied for exam.. and it only took me 5 -6 hours'
b'washing and conditioning my hair this rain fucked it up'
b'*washing car* neighbor : you washing your car? me : no. i am watering it to see if it grows into a bus.'
b'washing clothes fun fun!'
b'almost all jobs require drug test. why not the presidency smile'
b'and just 27 percent of republicans are mentally healthy enough to vote.'
b'new trump campaign manager promises to treat candidate the same way she treats her 11 year old daughter'
b'faulty logic and who will run this government? then you will not like them because just being in government convicts them'
b"if it's sex then the female it's always the victim even when she is in a position of authority and the male is a minor"
b'" just get on the \'trump ship\' & i promise that i\'ll put you to work! many people are saying that you\'ll be fed well too! "'
b'i get the same burn from my shits after eating that garbage'
b'well when you thought it was a dm and there it is. oh well. let the truth be told.'
b'wash new clothing before wearing it first. do not make the same mistake i just made. dear god... i am covered in hives.'
b'was i on drugs when i liked you'
b'was low key hoping that big hit would drop stuff at 12pm kst but it looks like 12am kst is the golden hour gdi i am at school tt'
b'was supposed to be on earlier today but my school had our dance & drama showcase & i had to dance so now im finally here good'
b'was supposed to go for a walk with and then she made me sprint'
b'was supposed to start cleaning out my old room in the basement tonight, but with all the shit that happened, i did not get a chance to. tired face'
b'was supposed to wake up at 8 to go to nyc but just waking up now'
b"was suppose to make a move last night but my love sleep wasn't having that lol"
b'was that necessary?'
b'was totally worthless today 1 more night hoping to make the sheets before 4:30am like last night then off for a bit so i am told'
b"was waiting for rain to stop before cycling in, but that isn't on the cards."
b'was with my dad - funny part is we almost left because i did not want to get caught in a pro -yankees riot if they won'
b'watched an awesome movie on netflix today that ended with a quote i firmly believe in.. i decided to do my homework on the poet'
b'watching a friend speak disrespectfully towards their parents really changes my entire view of them as a person'
b'watching babies come out of vaginas is the perfect way to start a friday morning.'
b'watching moulin rouge in a sleep-deprivation -induced daze at 6 in the morning is upsettingly one of the more thrilling sat nights recently.'
b'watching patch while studying for a &p lab good smile'
b'watching qt tonight i was struck by the utter lack of talent of the lab, con front benches enough to almost make me sorry for the english!'
b'watching stewart downing trying to play football reminds me of the good ole days at'
b'watching the same movie in two classes? good'
b'watching true blood with my dad. good for awkward vampire sex'
b"watching your family's disappointment as you once again reach your next birthday"
b'water bottle just exploded in my bag, gonna be a great day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'waving hi to security cameras'
b'wax scented and coloured. now waiting for it to cool for pouring. good me'
b': " give me the ball man " pep : " not until you tell me where you got your hair transplant from. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': "give me the ball man" pep : "not until you tell me where you got your hair transplant from. "\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b'way to blame me'
b"way to go, single girls who already have their weddings planned on pinterest. let us know how that's working out for you"
b'way to make me feel better nick'
b'way too hype for accounting ha'
b'way to piss me off at 5 in the morning thanks lucas'
b'way to piss me off.. thanks a lot!'
b'way to start the fucking day'
b'way to stay true to your word'
b'way to turn a good day into a shit day waited over 40 mins to see a teller.'
b'weak ass false fire alarm woke me up out of the perfect sleep \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f expressionless face unamused face'
b"we all deserve someone that will make it up to you when they've done wrong not just someone that is just good with using the word sorry"
b'we all have a friend that only gets called by their nickname.. it sounds weird to even say their real name.'
b'we all have a song that makes us feel like a lil hoe face with tears of joy'
b"we all have that friend... who's not really our friend."
b'we all have that one secret no one will ever know'
b"we all have this perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be and that's why we all end up being disappointed"
b'we all knew our upstairs neighbors were up to no good... now we have proof.'
b'we all secretly wish to look as good as beyonce without makeup'
b'we are best friends. always remember that if you fall, i will pick you up... after i finish laughing.'
b'we are declaring a world war without exactly saying it to save some iraqis stuck on a mountain gee that seems legit'
b"we are doing a huge follow spree on instagram and following back everyone who follows'thatssarcasm ' on instagram face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'we are but changed name as yunno was kinda lol songs up in next couple of weeks smile smile good times'
b'we are just so beautiful..!'
b'we are like dominos. i fall for you but you fall for someone else.'
b'we are like nemo to our fathers and we are wasting our time to find a dory'
b'we are livin in a world where losin ur phone is more dramatic than losin ur virginity -. -'
b'we are looking so composed on corners.'
b'we are not afraid " - black harvard law students sending so much love 3!'
b'we are resilient creatures, full of light and hope and love, flying and falling and getting up, flying some more. never forget that ^.. ^ ^.. ^'
b"we are studying greek mythology & greek literature, they've always been interesting to me"
b'we are talking about jelly beans in english class right now. you know cause keyhole essays do not matter anymore...'
b'we are the wtf generation : wikipedia, twitter and facebook.'
b'wearing an outfit you like can make a day 10x better'
b"wearing black on the first day of school bc it's actually the funeral for my happiness"
b'wearing toms in the rain is always fun'
b'*wears a dress* " who you looking good for? " me : no one, i was too lazy to match 2 pieces of clothing so here i am'
b'weather here in la is so much more enjoyable then the desert heat'
b"web design is no fun especially when there's not really a career in it anymore."
b'webmd needs to add the question " have you eaten taco bell today? " when asking about stomach-related symptoms.'
b"we both have to be making good money & working jobs we love & traveling & all that's a great marriage"
b'we can all see how much you edited your instagram photo'
b"we can not lose, guys. we 've been working hard for days now. we can not give up. we can not afford to lose 5 seconds of summer"
b'we can now go live to the mancs'
b'we can still be friends " is like saying " hey, the dog died but we can keep it.'
b'we can teach kids there\'s no " i " in team but it\'s way more important to teach them that there\'s no " a " in definitely.'
b'wedding : the really expensive party taking place relatively 5 -10 years before your divorce.'
b'we do not have lights, air and no wifi \xf0\x9f\x98\x8ai love la joya smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'we do not lose friends, we just learn who our real ones are.'
b'weed is a gateway drug to : great food awesome sex good music amazing showers good vibes ya fucking 14 chill out n do your homework'
b'weed wippin in the rain and lightning! always fun and not dangerous!'
b'weekend is over can the rain come back again'
b'week full of shitshows,'
b'we fall in love with people we can not have.'
b'we felt the first taste (if you can feel a taste ) of winter this weekend. this week will be warmer. more rain, too. details next'
b'we fooling right now in the lab who wants a s/o in our next video. we stopping at 11pm tonight.'
b'we get to touch each other in our lab today... good'
b'we guys are like a bowl of maggi, we only get blown if we are hot.'
b'we have a game on halloween...'
b'we have fucking elephants that live upstairs'
b'we have nothing to fear but fear itself. " - people who have never seen a flying cockroach'
b'we have to talk " are the four scariest words a woman can say, but they\'re nothing compared to the three scariest... " is it in?'
b'we - or'
b'i know it has thrown his fantasy football picks off!'
b'welbeck is definently " dat guy "'
b'welbeck looking like a stud in his first ucl game for arsenal.'
b'welcome to being a girl where your life freaking sucks one minute and 5 minutes later everything is better'
b'welcome to nigeria! where sex is free and love is costly where loosing a phone is more painful than virginity'
b'welcome to the freak show, mister cop. takes me back to 3am on a sat night at the bar. man, do i miss that.'
b'we live in a country where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.'
b"we live in a society that's the most knowledgeable about a zombie apocalypse, but the most likely to be eaten while staring at our phones."
b'we live in a society where losing your phone is much more worse then loosing your virginity.'
b'we live in a world were losing your phone is more dramatic then losing your virginity!'
b"well ain't this just fucking great. my night just keeps getting better."
b"well apart from the fact my response was to the person above about his video you're right"
b"well aren't i lucky enough to have class from 8am -9pm today"
b"well aren't you a f*cking waste of two billion years of evolution."
b'well aren\'t you nice... " : you my friend, are an idiot "'
b"well aren't you off to a good start... ha ha ha"
b'well at least my xl from was filled completely'
b'well at least the timehop dinosaur knows how to brighten my day'
b'well done you read my profile, scrolled through a few of my tweets, and thought, " here\'s a man in need of a book publisher "'
b'well done - their campaign to save meldreth manor school has been successful'
b'well for art history we get to go to the art gallery on campus'
b"well good talking to y'all..."
b'well, half hour nap is better than no sleep... right? disappointed but relieved face'
b'well here comes another 6 + page paper.'
b"well here's goes the next 8 hours of chem lab, study chem, chem class with a quiz, and more studying. good for me."
b"well he's made me a yes voter. always vote no!"
b'well hi there worries! care to make sleeping a chore?'
b'well i actually do not really care'
b'well i am off to bed, all i can say is there better be snowing when i wake up. soo excited, my favourite weather. smile x'
b'well i can already tell that this week will be better compared to last week...'
b'well i ended today on a strong note...'
b'well if all else fails i can just be an artist.. right?'
b'well i feel grand'
b"well if the twd spoilers i accidentally came across are true i'll be upset."
b'well if we have anything to go on, like half life... more than 10 years to wait.'
b'well i guess i have 71 years, 2 months left in my life!'
b'well, i guess we could say i need some studying just from seeing my last tweet..'
b'well ima attempt to sleep early today face with tears of joy'
b"well i am back to feeling like i ran marathon and my face is as red as a cherry so that's awesome"
b'well i am glad to see that i am having another great week'
b'well... i am just so great at this life thing... oh wait...'
b'well i am really using the planner i bought'
b'well ios 8 was well worth the 2 hour update grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"well isn't that interesting to know"
b"well isn't this just a splendid idea!..."
b"we'll it was fucked up thanks to the stupid looking sheamus and triple h! lameeeee!"
b"well i've failed almost every test i've had so far this year so that's great \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f! \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e"
b"well i've started i've got a title and four lines pretty good"
b'well i would not be upset if these high winds carried right into tomorrow. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'well just paid my bills. looks like its ketchup packets and saltine crackers the rest of the week'
b'we\'ll keep fixing the impala whenever she gets beat up. "'
b'well last night was a wasted attempt at sleep. now to see if we set a new record for november and hit 42 today.'
b'well last year we upset a team early and know how the season went sooooooo maybe this is good.'
b'well looks like school might be starting on monday'
b'well love being wide awake at 2am fab-u -lousssss'
b"well maybe you should've told me that you did not have a secret laboratory in your house before i yanked all the books off your bookshelf."
b'well my amazing weekend turned awful once watching my vikings suck it up against the pack... wish i was still in my hotel n shopping.'
b'well my dad is just upset because his favorite grupos are going to be over there. lol'
b'well my day is just going fantastic!'
b'well my night is doing just perfect. smiling face with smiling eyes gn'
b'well my nights been a blast... worry'
b'well my weekend was just ruined.'
b'well picture day went great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'well poor college people are just plain clever.'
b'lol... well if a bank says something is a success, we are going to believe them lol.'
b"well she does love a board game.. not sure she'll enjoy this one though what's you're guys thoughts i think she'll smash it!"
b'well son, it all started when your mother liked my selfie.'
b"well thanks to obama the coward, there's no work for the rest of the year as more clients canceled their orders &"
b'well that fire alarm was a great alarm'
b'well that interview went well crying face crying face'
b'well that makes me feel great.'
b"well that new feature works well.. 'happy ' was playing"
b"well, that's all i can manage to find for now. it is like first day though. let it simmer in the arcades for more. back to homework."
b"we'll that's cooooool"
b"well that's fucking awesome."
b"well that's great. five hours of sleep?"
b"well that's great. woke up with my face swollen and covered in hives"
b'well that shopping trip did wonders for my self esteem'
b"well that's just what i needed..."
b'well that\'s one way to piss me off, thanks " friend " smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'well that was a brilliant attempt at sleep.'
b'well that was a clever idea'
b'well that was a great game!'
b'well that was a great way to start my day.. unamused face'
b'well that was a great workout'
b"well that was an awkward married couples dinner out all together yay... let's do it again next week"
b'well that was an eventful facetime with face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'well that was a warm welcome back'
b'well that was brilliant'
b'well that was fantastic.'
b'well that was fun'
b'well that was fun.. but not really.'
b"well that was rude. just ignore me it's fine. story of my life so why should it matter now it's actually not nice"
b'well that was successful... camborne, cornwall'
b"well that was the hardest training session i've ever done"
b"well, that was the poorest attempt at sleep i've had in a while. rudely awoken by noisy return of travelling companion so total sleep 1 hour"
b'well that was the weirdest interview ever. i am so glad i drove four hours for that'
b'well that went good...'
b'well that works for the voters and dennis canavan shouting over eachother on'
b'well, the essay that i need to have done in about an hour is going well.'
b'well the old yes boy has come across well on reporting scotland'
b'well, this day is off to a great start'
b'well this has been a gr8 week so far...'
b'well this is a great start to the morning...'
b"we'll this is exactly how i wanted you to take it."
b'well this is going to be alot of fun'
b'well this is how everyone wants to wake up in the morning..'
b'well... this is me pretty much every night!'
b'well this is nice, i am 18 for 2 days and my parents are already threatening to charge me rent'
b'well this mornings off to a great start'
b'well this should be fun'
b'well this started off as an outstanding day.'
b'well this week is off to a great start'
b'well tht makes me kinds upset but oh well'
b'well today has been a terrific day so far. so happy i can start my week off great! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\x96'
b'well today was a great day...'
b'well today was just great.'
b'well tomorrow is going to be fun'
b'well tonight was great... unamused face pensive face weary face'
b'well well toppdogg birthplace jaguars caused an upset and beat tennessee if they keep it up they could get a playoff spot i won \xf0\x9f\x92\xb5\xf0\x9f\x92\xb6\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8\xe2\x9c\x94'
b'well. what a surprise'
b"well yea, not necessarily upset, but i am sure they'll notice and do the right thing"
b'well your honor he said " yolo " so i only shot him to test his hypothesis.'
b"we look like eggs but this is lil kenz that's running on a half hour of sleep"
b'we -love -gaming : do not be jerks to strangers online. you never know what that girl can do.'
b'we love girls who can keep a conversation going, no matter how stupid or random it gets.'
b"he's nice and funny and himself and i love him idk i do not have words he's just perfect that's all"
b'we love you keep up the amazing work!'
b'welp... 3 months of bottling anxiety and depression exploded into a mental breakdown today...'
b'welp, i already do not like my criminal law professor and i never even have to see her. this should be a great semester expressionless face'
b'welp... i am guessing the person that invented those mini car vacuums was a parent. i can almost guarantee it.'
b'welp. today is my friday. not going to have a repeat weekend like last weekend. gotta keep busy!. hope everyone has a great weekend!'
b'we made a youtube channel for fun see no evil monkey subscribe by clicking the link in our bio. it would mean so much to us \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd the accents might surprise you flushed face'
b'we need our own reality show " - said every group of friends ever'
b'we need to talk. " me : *million things run through my mind. what did they find out about!?* parents : " stop leaving the lights on.'
b"we never hear anything from rick astley these days. it's almost like he's given us up, and let us down."
b'went for a run around ballarat this evening, this place was buzzing'
b"went into the shower and shaved one leg but couldn't be arsed doing the other"
b'went thru more numbers than i had since high school algebra class. bottom line for me -- award is not for best at end of 2015 but full year'
b'went to campus and to class to find out class was cancelled... so now both my classes today are cancelled... good another day off for me winking face'
b'went to sleep at 1:30am. woke at 5:30am. music practice and ready to rock and roll at church.'
b'went to sleep at 5pm woke at 2am... jet lag is just an all round good time ^'
b'went to take the trash out and noticed winter is approaching. i hate the cold'
b'wen you see things in a restaurant you feel you shud hav to take or not to take white left pointing backhand index'
b'we only fear not finding those deadly ones. oh wait! we did thanks for great work and love the voice'
b'we only have 3 years to wait \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b"we're all in the same game just different levels, dealing with the same hell just different devils"
b'we really enjoy effective writing.'
b'were confident in our album. however if you see us live, like actually up front and center, its a different story.'
b"we're currently arguing about what hot sauce is the best. this is serious business."
b"we're doing well, hoomin a bit busy & is great"
b"we're not really sure what's going on here, but it looks like fun!"
b"we're not true friends until i've sent you a pic of my double chin"
b'we\'re preparing you for the real world " i do not meant to alarm you but the real world has calculators'
b"we're so tumblr"
b"we're still in summer but obviously i have to get a cold.. -_-"
b"we're the kind of species who can operate a chainsaw, no problem and yet still stab ourselves with a stapler."
b"we should listen to each other's hearts - fall in love and never part."
b'we should really thank our dads for bringing us into this world since our moms were probably tired and not in the mood.'
b'yes and it makes me wanna puke. i love my parents but i did not even do that when i was little.'
b'we stay up late every night. regret it every morning. then do it again.'
b'weston looks sweet with that hat backwards.'
b'omg thats amazing amazing'
b'wet, foggy, and dark, sounds like a good combination of driving weather'
b'wet hair is definitely my next look'
b'we took steps to fix the problem. now all the steps are gone, and we are stranded upstairs.'
b'wettest summer in 100years... really?! you never would of guessed'
b'wet - weak (audio ) good music idea'
b'wet weather to continue through weekend - hawaii news now'
b"we've all got the day off - first time since ever - just had a family long-lunch at home - love my lil fam"
b'we\'ve all have had that one teacher who\'s like, " do not pack up yet, there\'s still 24 seconds of class left... "'
b"we've been busy working with some great brides! check out our new photos on"
b"we've got 3 years to wait. clear to me anyways that both fed/prov gov have shot"
b'we were playing ultimate frisbee in gym today and i tried to throw it straight and ended up throwing it at the wall beside me'
b'what 10 real doctors discovered inside of their patients will leave you speechless " this is extremely shocking!'
b'what a awesome snack after school like if you eat like dis'
b'what a beautiful day for a 5k'
b'what a beautiful day for state track expressionless face'
b'what a beautiful day to spend inside'
b'what a beautiful day to study calculus!'
b'what a busy morning it has been with over 600 residents checking out. farewell, good luck, have a great summer'
b'what a coincidence that everyone who is obsessed with the kardashian/jenner girls, also has the same iq as them...'
b'what a day'
b'what a day. i can not tell you how grateful i am for you guys. thank you for the love. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'what a fantastic start to my day. pensive face'
b'what a fuckin niiiiiiiight. time to go home a study'
b'what a fun way to start the morning...'
b'what a grate move of god! thank you lord jesus for your present and love you poured out last night. to god be the glory. it was awesome!'
b'what a great afternoon this was to come together to celebrate the world surf reserve... thankfully the rain held off!'
b'what a great birthday!'
b'what a great christmas idea to keep little fingers busy in the kitchen!'
b'what a great confidence boost for this next exam.'
b'what a great day'
b'what a great day'
b'what a great day to be in bed doing nothing'
b'what a great fucking way to piss me off thanks'
b'what a great monday!'
b'what a great start to my day/week...'
b'what a great start to the morning... unamused face'
b'what a great support system i have'
b'what a great time to get sick right before leaving to hawaii weary face weary face sore throats are so bad'
b'what a great time to get sick - right before the christmas tests!'
b'what a great time to get sick :--)))'
b'what a great way to end my birthday'
b'what a great way to start off the day'
b'what am awesome day.'
b'what am i doing with my life'
b'what an awesome day off today was'
b'what a nice ending to my day'
b"what an inspiration this morning... woke me with let's dance song. who said house will not make you fall in love."
b'what an intense practice...'
b'what a perfect day for the fire alarm to go off in the union smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'what a pleasant way to start a wednesday. \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f unamused face'
b'what a productive day'
b'what are some good home remedies for dark spots?'
b'what are you doing? are you writing down everything i am saying?! is this gonna be a song?!?! " -anyone dating taylor swift'
b"what are you guys doing tonight? i got stuck babysitting a 12 -year -old who's way too into canned heat worry"
b'what a shocker i woke up sore disappointed face'
b"what a surprise, it's still raining expressionless face"
b'what a surprise.'
b'what a wonderful idea. " i saw the devil " remake coming up'
b'what beautiful passport photos i just took'
b'what beautiful weather'
b'what blooming use is that to me... still got extra 6 years to wait!'
b'what did barack obama said to michelle when he proposed? " i do not wanna be obama self... " ha *slaps knee *'
b'what did one orphan say to the other? " robin, get in the batmobile. "'
b'what did the llama say when he got kicked off the farm? alpaca my bags.'
b'what did the o said to the q? your dick is out.'
b'what did you get for christmas? " " fat'
b'what does a blonde do when her laptop computer freezes? she sticks it in the microwave.'
b'what does being a teenager mean to you? " " well... i can literally fall asleep anywhere now.'
b'what does not kill you makes you stronger. " what if i cut off your left leg, would that make you stronger. would it.'
b'what does stfu mean? " " shut the f *ck up " " damn dude, chill! i was just asking.'
b'what does the nurse do when your back is covered in hives? they put an ice pack on it'
b'what do people do with all the extra time they save by writing " k " instead of " ok "?'
b'what do you call a sleeping dinosaur a dinosnore ha ha ha someone date me pls'
b'what do you mean " 4 minute shower " it takes me 4 minutes to get the water to the right temperature smh'
b'what do you mean today is august? it was june like 3 weeks ago?'
b'what do you want to be when you grow up rich'
b'what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasore-ass'
b'what do you call someone who does not know how to use a condom? dad.'
b'what do you call someone with no body and a nose? nobody knows'
b'what do you do? " me : school, grocery store and home " no friends? do not you go out and have fun " me : i am not really here for fun, i am good'
b'what do you say to someone who points out your zipper is down? " ah, the cage is open but the beast is asleep. "'
b'what do you wanna say to my mom? i woke her up to make her listen ps - i love you'
b'whatever, rich people with wine cellars. i do not need any fancy shelves because i store my wine in my stomach like an adult.'
b"whatever you do, do not buy that decorative sheet that's supposed to go on your pillow, it's a sham."
b'whatever you do, in being the glory to and there are oh so many countless ways to do that just one'
b'what fucks me up the most is when a person knows exactly what you been through, promises to be different, and ends up being the same'
b'what great friends i have'
b'what happened when the monster stole a bottle of perfume? he was convicted of fragrancy. wow'
b'what happens when you put nutella on salmon you get salmonella hahahaha'
b'what... he\'s going to " work them over "... he thinks he\'s'
b"what idiot decided it should be my foot's asleep instead of coma toes?"
b"what i do not like about relationships is you gotta go through some shit to see how a mf really built. that's risky af lol"
b'what i do when im hungry : ( ) get up and get food (x ) moan like a dying whale until someone feeds me'
b'what if all taxi drivers are on the same conference call?'
b'what if all the boys were heading to the yard anyway, and the milkshake had nothing to do with it?'
b"what if birds aren't singing and they're screaming because they are afraid of heights"
b'what if cell phones are part of an elaborate plot to rid the world of phone booths so superman has nowhere to change?'
b'what if condoms had temporary tattoos on the inside like you rolled off the condom and there was a picture of a dinosaur on your dick.'
b'what if every band had the word gays in them? sleeping with gays, green gays, forever the gays, one direction, my gay romance'
b'what if every time you yawn, a ghost puts his dick in your mouth?'
b"what if extra-terrestrials think our movies are real and they're just waiting for will smith to die before they invade?"
b'what if firemen acted like policemen and just drove around shooting water at anyone who looked like they might catch on fire.'
b'what if i changed my name to i love u?then everyone would love me'
b'what if i got a boyfriend i would not know what to do what do they eat how often do they have to be walked'
b"what if love wasn't the act of finding what you were missing but the give-and -take that made you both match? - jodi picoult"
b'what if something happens, would not want you to be the reason for a shattered me.'
b'what if? : the question which stops me from being successful and rich.'
b'what if the stickers are the only thing made in china?'
b'what if we made a word that was just a letter but was like, 5 times that long " - guy who came up with queue'
b'what if we were all penguins and harry potter is a lie?'
b"what if when you die and your life flashes before your eyes it's just you sitting in front of your computer"
b"what if you get to heaven and jesus be like, 'naw bruh... remember you kept scrolling?"
b'what if you love that look but do not have years to wait for the floors to age naturally?'
b'what if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up you plug it into your computer and watch them over again'
b'what if you woke up w/ amnesia & all you could remember was your facebook password & you had to discover who you were based off your updates.'
b'what i hate most about twitter : finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commit.'
b'what i lack in good decisions, i make up for in inappropriate behavior.'
b'what i learned in class tonight :'
b'what i love about weekend i can wake up late i can stop studying and worrying about homework for a while.'
b'" you\'re getting an a in all your classes and your college tuition will be free good "'
b'what is a great feeling? knowing i can sleep in this week!'
b'what is going on with this weather?! could literally be sitting out here with a bathing suit on'
b'what is it like to not be exhausted in 24/7 i can not remember'
b'what is sleeping in on a sunday when people walk around like fucking elephants upstairs'
b'what is sleep?'
b'what is the respected amount of years to wait before unfollowing everyone you went to school with'
b"what is twerking?miley cyrus : it's a lot of booty. a lot of booty action. me : but you ain't got no ass though"
b'what i want for christmas \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'what i want to say versus what i need to say versus what i should say'
b'aww you did not go for the " molesting a woman " simulator? surprised you did not'
b'what love feels like when you do not have it'
b'what lovely news sleepy face'
b'what not to do on a first date : ask what gender they are.'
b'what people think i am doing when i am home alone vs. what i am actually doing'
b'whats a good face product for dark spots?'
b'whats a good highlight for dark skin?'
b'what\'s all this talk about " mayweather? " guys, this is fall weather!'
b"what screws us up most in life is that picture in our head of how it's supposed to be"
b"what's going on with the ama's? i am still rewinding and replaying the part when jlo was twerking & dry humping the floor in that one piece."
b'what should i do if i get caught about my feelings in front of you. when i see you, my heart flutters, i want to step forward step by step ~'
b"what's it called when you can not commit to a girl for more than a month but you've been using the same brand toothpaste for 15 years?"
b"what's motivation is it a pokemon can i catch it"
b"what's something you're not very good at but enjoy doing anyway? \xe2\x80\x94 art. art is hart"
b'what starts with p & ends with orn? popcorn what starts with f & ends with uck? firetruck. what starts with g & ends with ay? justin bieber'
b"what's that thing called where ur crush likes you back oh yes imagination"
b"what's the difference between a knife and a girls argument? a knife has a point."
b"what's the difference between my ex and the titanic? the titanic only went down on 1,000 people"
b"what's the hold up on making extremely heavy shoes for toddlers so they can not run around so much?"
b"what's the point of a high school reunion? i have facebook. i already know you got fat."
b'what\'s the three words you never want to hear while making love? " honey, i am home. "'
b'what\'s wrong? " " oh it\'s personal " then why\'d you post it to facebook?'
b'what\'s your favorite position in bed? " near the wall so i can use my phone while it\'s charging'
b'what the heck does the " z " in " lolz " mean... " laugh out loud... zebras? "'
b'what these pv student do not know is i will hit them! keep hoping in this street!'
b'what they say : " wow, you\'re really photogenic. " what they mean : " wow, this looks nothing like how ugly you actually are. "'
b'what time is it?.. " " there\'s a clock right there " " did i ask you where the clock was?'
b'what to get ur girl? fuzzy socks bath bombs sweatshirts perfume flowers all things pink and vs & do not forget the one free kiss coupon'
b'what was it like being raised by satan, people who leave the clicks on while texting?'
b'what we think they want : heavy black heart what they actually want : money mouth face'
b"what? why is this bitch in the trunk? i mean i am glad she's dead but... why she in the trunk? what happened?"
b'what wonderful weather we are having right now'
b'what you want to be married to me anyhow? so i can kiss you anytime i want'
b'when a bird hits your window have you ever wondered if god is playing angry birds with you?'
b'when a boy says " you need to work for another drink "'
b'when a cute boy sneezes i dont say bless you because i see that god already has'
b'when a girl asks you a question she most likely already knows the answer to it so do not lie smile'
b"when a girl changes in front of you : a ) she is really interested in you b ) you're level 99 friend zoned c ) she's pretty sure you're gay"
b'when a girl replies with " aww thanks ", it means she is politely telling you to return to the friend zone you just tried escaping from.'
b'when a girl says " do whatever you want " do not do whatever you want.'
b'when a girl says " have fun " to a boy, it usually means : " have a fucking horrible time. "'
b'when a girl says, " if you can not handle me at my worst, you do not deserve me at my best! " it basically means she\'s fucking psycho.'
b'when a girl says " lol have fun " do not have fun. abort mission. i repeat. abort mission'
b"when a girl says she'll be ready in 5 more minutes, she's using the same time scale as when a guy says the game has 5 minutes left."
b'when a girl says ; " sorry, phone is dying bye " an idiot would say " okay bye " but a true guy would say, " please go get your charger smile "'
b"when a guy is walking funny :10% he's injured. 90% he's trying to unstick his balls from his leg."
b'when a guy says he " just wants to be friends " he means with your vagina.'
b'when a guy texts a girl " hey stranger ", what he really means is " i\'ve recently thought about trying to get in your pants again. "'
b'when a hot dad comes through your till at work and you go take a sip of ur tea and you miss ur mouth and your tea spills all over u... lol bye'
b'when all your friends change their fantasy football team names to colts are 0 -2... have fun in the playoffs boys'
b'when & take like a 100 pictures on your phone while your at work.. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"when a man says he'd do anything for a woman he means he'd stop bullets and kill dragons, not clean the basement or wash the dishes."
b"when a random professor says that a girl to you and you're like thank you i love being talked to like a stubborn pony"
b'when a teacher and a student start arguing in class and you just think " holy fuck, this is gonna be good! "'
b"when a becomes an it's because they god ; it's because they've learned enough to longer believe god exists."
b'when attractive people compliment me on things i get suspicious because remember when regina george complimented that one girl on her skirt'
b"when a white girl is drunk she'll hit you, hate you, love you and suck your dick all in the same 22 minutes"
b'when a woman asks you for your opinion all she really wants to hear is her opinion repeated word for word but in your voice instead'
b"when a woman asks you to guess her age, it's like deciding whether to cut the blue, red, or green wire to diffuse a bomb."
b'when a woman says " i have my reasons ". what she really means is " i do not need a reason i am a woman ".'
b'when a woman says, " what? ", it\'s not because she did not hear you. she\'s giving you a chance to change what you said.'
b"when babe does something dumb but you still think they're cute"
b'when bae calls you stupid & you laugh it away but deep inside you really are stupid, ugly & friendzoned heavy black heart'
b'when bae calls you " bae/baby " in the middle of an argument so you know they still love you'
b"when bae changes her name to 'facebook user ' because she liked your 'hi ' smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'when choosing a path in life, try to avoid the psychopaths.'
b'when cleaning my house :1% cleaning 30% complaining 69% playing with stuffs that i just found'
b'when coach texts us saying we still have practice in the pouring rain... yay. i love being cold and soaking wet.. expressionless face face with cold sweat'
b'when congress approves the coins instead of dollars bill there will be massive amounts of injured strippers'
b'when crush invites you to play candy crush & you start debating to urself that am i the only 1? & then your bro shows the same notific and you cry'
b'when conveniently forgets his wallet when he says he is paying'
b'when did my upstairs neighbors turn into raging elephants lmk?'
b'when did the elephants move in upstairs'
b'when did we replace the word " said " with " was like "'
b'whenever i am out somewhere there is a 99% chance i am thinking about going home and sleeping'
b'whenever i am walking behind someone slower than me, i take it as an opportunity to practice my pimp walk.'
b"whenever i delete an app on my iphone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting deleted."
b'whenever i delete text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'whenever i drink i turn into jason bourne. i can not remember much, fighting comes naturally, and i have a sudden need to evade the law.'
b"whenever i drive past the psychic's empty parking lot, i think, if i was psychic i would only be open on the days i knew people were coming."
b'whenever i erase text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'when ever i get a headache i take two tablet of aspirin and keep away from children just like the bottle says.'
b'whenever i go to subway, when they ask if i would like my sandwich toasted, i say yes & then i raise my cup of coke & say, " to my sandwich! "'
b'whenever i have a problem, i sing. then i realize that my voice is a lot worse than my problem'
b'whenever i lock my car up i always press the remote lock button twice in a row to let all nearby thieves know that i mean business.'
b"whenever i am on the phone with someone i like to scream wait do not hang up right as they're hanging up & then not answer when they call back"
b'whenever i see a bruised apple at the market, i give it a soft hug and gently whisper " who did this to you? "'
b'whenever i select next-day delivery for an online purchase, i imagine someone, somewhere, yells f *ck really loud then people scurry like mad'
b'whenever i think my life is going well then my life decides to fuck everything up'
b"whenever it rains the bottom of my pants get soaking wet walking around school bc they're too long for my legs"
b'whenever i try cleaning my room i either end up making a bigger mess or just playing with the stuff i thought i lost.'
b'whenever i try to plug my phone in in the dark i realize how hard it is for a boy to lose his virginity " face with tears of joy weary face'
b'whenever it\'s 5 minutes till my shift end i am ready asf to press " shift end " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'whenever people get excited about a new advance in technology, i like to shake my head sadly and say, " did you even see wall -e? "'
b"whenever someone asks me to sign their cast, i always write : 'last warning, you have a week to get the money together. '"
b'whenever someone says, " it\'s getting hot in here " i automatically think, " so take off all your clothes. "'
b'whenever someone unfollows me i wonder what tweet it was that made them say " you know what fuck this bitch "'
b'whenever you feel sad, just remember that somewhere in this world there\'s an idiot pulling a door that says " push ".'
b'whenever you feel sad just remember that there are billions of cells in your body and all they care about is you.'
b'whenever you\'re feeling down, just remember, there\'s some kid out there right now getting caught masturbating by his mom. "'
b"whenever you're sad just remember that you do not look like you did in 6th grade."
b'when girls call their boyfriends " daddy " i just want to vomit all over their existence'
b'when girls upload all these hashtags and then delete them 2 mins later... ur so cool with ur likes'
b'when girls wear yoga pants i feel like a ghost from mario. uncontrollably attracted when they turn away, but frozen when they look at me.'
b"when god made raccoons he was like do you want to be an old timey burglar or a trash digger. too slow. you're both now."
b'when god was throwing intelligence down to the earth, you were holding an umbrella.'
b'when going on a roller coaster bring nuts and bolts with u, lean over to the person in front and say, shit dude these came out of your seat!'
b'when gta v comes out.. girl : " hey " boy : " sorry, i have gta v "'
b'when guys have bigger attitude problems than girls. woohooo'
b'when he calls you darlin and does not even know that is the sexiest thing i absolutely love being called'
b"when he gets my hair done but my nosey ass wanna be at fights in the rain and now it's back curly face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"when he gives you the wifi password, you know it's getting serious"
b'when he says " you\'re nothing like other girls i\'ve talked to. " & you have to play it off because you\'re worse.'
b'when he taking a long time to text you back unamused face'
b"when he thinks you're sleeping so he starts being a hoe on the tl"
b'when hoes say new school year new me they really mean new niggas, new dick.'
b'when hugh hefner dies, nobody will say " he\'s in a better place now. "'
b'when hate on me, it does make me want to return to theism ; it makes me really glad that i got out.'
b"when i agree with someone, it's for 1 of 2 reasons.. either i do agree with them, or i agreed so they can shut the hell up."
b'when i ask ashley to make me food and i am standing here cooking dinner while she showers...'
b"when i call my parents and they do not answer, it's no big deal. but when they call me and i do not answer, it's like world war iii"
b'when i clear my calculator i press the button at least 10 times just to be sure.'
b'when i come home 4 the holidays i throw on the table & say " look we\'re keeping the thermostat at 70, and we\'re turning on some lights. "'
b"when i come home and there's no food to eat"
b'when i come home too no food face with tears of joy unamused face'
b'when i die, i hope i get to see my killcam.'
b'when i die i want someone to come to my funeral dressed up as the grim reaper.'
b'when i die please punch everyone who says " i wish i got to know them better "'
b'when i do not have a condom i use a subway foot long bag.'
b'when i draw birds, i draw flying mustaches.'
b"when i drop my phone, i act like i've dropped a new born baby."
b'when i feel spontaneous i just look at my bank account and it tells me to calm the fuck down. \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\xb3'
b'when i find it, i do not need it when i need it, i can not find it'
b'when i first made a twitter i did not understand it at all. now i can not live without it.'
b"when i get bored, i always end up thinking about stuff and getting upset when i know damn well i shouldn't"
b'when i get comfortable with people i start using them as pillows and foot rests.'
b'when i get home from school i take a 5 hour nap then wake up and stay up all night and be tired in the morning all over again. fml'
b'when i get mad, i get really buff and my hair turns blond and spiky. i am just saiyan.'
b"when i get married, divorce is not an option. you're mad? take your ass in the other room & calm down, because we're going to work this out."
b'when i get married i want my future husband to give me " the look " smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when i give people a tour of my bedroom, i like to say, " and this is where the magic happens, " followed by a sad, "... magic isn\'t real. "'
b'when i go to bed, half the time i am not really sleeping. i am usually lying there making up scenerios in my head.'
b"when i go to someone's house & they tell me to make myself at home, the first thing i do is throw them out because i do not like visitors."
b"when i have a kid my only argument will be shut up you're like 12"
b'when i have money, i have nothing to buy. when i do not have money, i want everything.'
b'when i have nothing to do my bf always tells me to study. unamused face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when i hear myself eating crunchy food, i wonder if people can hear it too.'
b"when i help someone carry their groceries, i assume i'll get a tip. if not, i grab a bag and run! let me start over. i steal groceries."
b'when i left rr it was 76 and dry in shorts, a tank top, and sandals and it is now 49 and pouring in san marcos smile good me'
b'when i like someone, they do not like me.? when someone likes me, i do not like them.?'
b'when i look at people that are my age and have everything figured out i am just like how the actual fuck and then i cry'
b'when i lose " who cares it\'s only a game "... when i win " ha in your face loser! "'
b'when i made sopa de caracol i burnt it and ruined the carpet cause i put the hot pot on it and my family always likes to make fun of me expressionless face'
b'when i am alone in my house, every sound is a ghost.'
b'when i am alone, i think and think and think. when i am bored, i eat and eat and eat.'
b'when i am at a restaurant, i finish my drink before the meal even arrives.'
b'when i am bored nobody texts me. when i am busy i am the most popular person on the planet. -__ -'
b'when i am in a good mood i act like i am in a bad mood so nobody approaches me and ruins my good mood.'
b'when i missing you i close my eyes smile deeply and pretend that you are now infront of me giving all your love just for me smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'when i am loud, people tell me to be quiet. but when i am quiet, people ask me why do not i talk at all. -. -'
b'when i am mad at people i find joy in not saying bless you after they sneeze.'
b'when im mad i have a attitude every body for any lil thing'
b'when i am not allowed to use my phone at work i touch my phone in my pocket like frodo does the precious.'
b'when i am on the phone with my mom : me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : bye me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok'
b'when i am really mad i either cry or catch a big ass attitude but when i am like extremely mad i just act calm and start laughing.'
b'when im single nobody wants me but in a relationship im suddenly hot af'
b'when i am stuck babysitting'
b'when i am with you i am all about you and will always be all about you'
b'when in doubt, squat " face with tears of joy'
b'when i remember i have homework'
b'when i reply " lol okay " im probably not laughing and its definitely not okay'
b"when i saw dancers dry humping the floor, i immediately thought of magcon boys and if that's their future calling"
b'when i say " i cleaned my room ", i usually mean i made a path from my door to my bed.'
b'when i say " i\'ll think about it ", what i really mean is, " i\'ll forget about it completely until you bring it up again. "'
b'when i say " it\'s a long story " it usually means i just dont want to tell you it.'
b'when i say " i wont tell anyone " my bestfriend doesnt count'
b'when i see a flash mob in public i immediately join in to make it seem like they did not practice enough.'
b'when i see a girl with a lot of makeup, i just wanna to use my finger & write " wash me " on her face.'
b"when i see a plate of food, i eat it, rather than photograph it like a dangerous psychopath with no respect for god's law."
b"when i see lovers ' names carved in a tree, i do not think it's cute. i just find it strange how many people have knives on a date."
b"when i see my cat watching out the window, fascinated, i sit beside her and say, 'look, simba. everything the light touches is our kingdom. '"
b'when i see people drinking at 11 am on a friday i am like, where do you work and are they hiring?'
b'when i see people let their kids cough n sneeze n not tell em cover their mouth'
b"when i see 'please drink responsibly ' i assume they mean 'don't spill this shit, it's delicious. '"
b'when i see someone walking more than one dog i always think, " wow, that person must be really blind. "'
b'when is great-looking woman in commercial dumping that guy or team eliminated from playoffs? so tired of that commercial!'
b'when i sing with my headphones in i think, " why do not i have a record deal? " then i take them out and then i know why'
b'when i sleep less than 8 hours i am exhausted and want to die, but when i sleep more than 8 hours i am exhausted and want to die.'
b'when i start to study, all the good tv shows begin'
b'when it comes to the weather, it literally goes from 0 to 100 real quick'
b'when i told alexis i was taking her to home coming hahahaha'
b'when i try to go home early and my flight gets canceled :))))) thanks'
b'when i try to wake up = i want to sleep again, when i try to go to bed = i am wide awake.'
b"when it's allowed to use your phones during classes lol good"
b"when it's day 3 of clinical in a row & you wanna sleep but 5am is life & you do not get paid & you're salty"
b"when it's raining but you still watering your grass face with tears of joy"
b"when it's the first day of the tri and you already have homework"
b"when its the third episode of season two and you're already fucked up. thanks"
b"when i wake up should be in jersey and i've never been more excited"
b'when i wake up it will be time for have not been this excited to sleep since last christmas'
b"*when i wake up* me : i am taking a nap after school *at school* me : i cant wait to take that nap *when i get home* me : *doesn't take a nap *"
b'when i was a kid they did not call it " behavioral disorders ", they called it " being a little brat ".'
b'when i was born god gave me two choices, either a big dick or a good memory. up to this day i still can not remember what i told him.'
b'when i was kid, my social network was called " outside ".'
b'when i was younger i used to draw the sun in the corner of the paper. always.'
b'when i was young i used to want to marry a doctor for the money. now i just want the prescriptions.'
b'when i was your age, we drank water straight out of the sink.'
b'when i woke up the weather was fine... 20 minutes later it was freezing and pouring... yay... i guess'
b'when justin calls us beliebers is like being called baby by someone you love but its a better feeling'
b"when life gets you down, just remember : it's never too early or too late for a nap."
b'when life gives you lemons. life probably stole those lemons from some nice old lady. because life is an asshole.'
b'when life knocks me down, instead of getting back up i usually lay there and take a nap.'
b'when miley cyrus is naked and licks a hammer it\'s " art " and " music "... but when i do it, i am " wasted " and " have to leave home depot "'
b'when my brothers are fighting and i get yelled at, i love that shit'
b'when my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when i am sad, they only say " oh sorry " or " well that sucks " assholes -. -'
b'when my girlfriend and i fight, i tighten the top to every jar and bottle in the house. just so i can say " oh yeah, you need me now, huh? "'
b'when my hair is too long i just want a hair cut after getting a hair cut, i miss having long hair, i can not understand myself'
b'when my hair looks good :3%: at school 7%: at home 90%: when i am about to shower'
b'when my mom asks " when are you going to start passing ur classes? "'
b'*when my parents are asleep* me - " shh! they\'re sleeping "... *when i am asleep* parents - " let\'s vacuum the house for 3 hours "'
b'when my tio tells me all last minute that the club they are going is 18 and over but im stuck babysitting great!.. unamused face unamused face'
b"when my wife starts to sing i always go out and do some garden work so our neighbors can see there's no domestic violence going on."
b"when nobody dont love you back that's the worst feeling"
b'when nobody texts me'
b'when nothing goes right, go left'
b'when ny internet is not working so basically you all get double updates 5 seconds of summer'
b"when one door closes another one opens. or you could jut re-open the closed door. because that's how doors work."
b'when packing for break turns into 2 hours (and counting ) of hard core cleaning your room'
b"when people are being jerks and then they're all please love me or see she loves me i can keep being a jerk bam bam and boo boo mfeo"
b'when people are smiling and they try to stop smiling but they can not stop smiling dear god that is the most beautiful thing in this world'
b"when people ask a dumb question, i feel that it's my duty to give a sarcastic answer."
b'when people ask me " plz " because it\'s shorter than " please " i tell them " no " because it\'s shorter than " yes "'
b'when people do not answer your questions that are actually really important'
b'when people do not text me in a long time then hmu loudly crying face'
b'when people give me directions i tend to concentrate very hard on trying to look attentive and i forget to listen.'
b"when people hurt you over & over, think of them as sandpaper. they scratch & hurt you, but in the end you're polished & they're all used up."
b'when people like a photo of my crush it makes me want to physically choke them lol'
b'when people remember small details about you &gt ;'
b'when people say, " when i was little i... " and i `m just sitting there awkwardly like, " damn i still do that... "'
b'when people suck the life out of you, would not it be nice if they took some fat, too?'
b'when people take a long time to hit you with a text back'
b'when people talk shit and run their mouth about shit then lie to your face real good bestfriend you were'
b'when people tell me what to do : uhm its my life and fuck off'
b'when people tell me " you\'re gonna regret that in the morning " i sleep in til noon, because i am a problem solver'
b'when people think i care... lol no re-evaluate your life bitch'
b'when people think they can fuck me over i already cut them out of my life'
b"when people treat you like shit then want you to do something for them. like totally, i'll for sure help you out"
b'when people try and hurt my feelings like i have none sorry lmao'
b'when picking a song to represent your relationship, go for something obscure in case you ever break up. mine is the national anthem of peru.'
b'when ppl favorite sexual twitter things and it comes up on my feed \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3'
b'when pretty people think there not pretty'
b'when read notifications show they read your message yet they ignore you... ok thanks, i appreciate the rejection'
b'when and i get the same score on an ap macro test, but she\'s told " great job " and i am told " good "'
b'when and are poppin tonight but i can not watch because i am not caught up and i have to finish this lab report'
b"when she's so beautiful that you are ready to apologize her twice even if she cheats on you."
b'when sleeping becomes a chore loudly crying face weary face'
b'when somebody says " 10 years ago " i think about the 90\'s instead of 2003'
b'when somebody tries to facetime you but you ugly af at the moment so you ignore it face with rolling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'when someone asks you, " what\'s your fucking problem? " 94% of the time your problem is the person asking you the question. it\'s science.'
b'when someone invites you to their wedding, do not tell then you " can not go, but you will go to the next one. " apparently it\'s rude.'
b'when someone is murdered, they always investigate the spouse 1st. and that pretty much tells you everything you need to know about marriage.'
b'when someone looks over my shoulder while i am on the computer, i open up a new tab and start searching, " how to kill the person behind me. "'
b"when someone's about to bring you a sad message but you have to wait hours for it in school because of different timzones"
b'when someone says something is great, i take that as a personal challenge to not enjoy it.'
b'when someone says " surprise me ", i immediately drop my pants and start singing its raining men.'
b'when someone says " you mean so much to me " i get so happy like woah i do? thank you and god bless you'
b'when someones telling a story and all you can think is lie lie lie lie unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when someone tells you to, " expect the unexpected ", slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it.'
b'when someone wears that one cologne where all you want to do is bury your face in their chest and sniff because they smell that damn good.'
b'when someone yells " shotgun! " i yell " rosa parks! " sit down and refuse to move.'
b"when someone you have not talked to in weeks, months, or years randomly texts you, and you're like, what the hell made you think about me?"
b'when something funny happens i can guarantee you i am that one friend who keeps laughing even though everyone else stopped 10 minutes ago'
b'when something hurts but you do not want to be selfish so you say nothing. story of my life.'
b"when something says 'easy open ' i end up using scissors, knives, a hammer, gun and a laser blade."
b'when sports world was still in kitchener. our favorite place.'
b'when spotify tryin to be all cute and pauses one of your favorite songs for no reason...'
b'when suddenly you realize you only shaved one leg... expressionless face'
b'when sum1 ask for advice an they turn it around being by sayin i already know. me personally would be like. why tf you ask me then.'
b'when teachers give you homework on the first day'
b'when tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the fire department usually uses water.'
b'when the clock factory burned, there was some second hand smoke.'
b"when the fire alarm goes off in short/denny and it's raining outside, we stay inside."
b'when the fire alarm in deg is perfectly timed with the rain starting to pour'
b'when the group chat was lit af last night, but you go to bed at 9:30'
b"when the hillcrest fire alarm goes off at 6am & you evacuate the building.. that's when you know it's going to be a great day."
b'when the jp version goes down for one hour we get 5 love gems by the end of the day. heh'
b'when the am of mtv was for music & not for maternity... those were the days.'
b"when the nurse calls my name at the doctor's office, i like to run through the waiting room like i got called on the price is right."
b"when the only light in your world is suddenly gone... it's time to recharge your phone."
b'when the panera crew is arguing with each other and the best come back that shuts us right up is " i hope you get a line " expressionless face that means war.'
b'when the people that live upstairs are elephants'
b'when the rain and your hair get in a fight and your hair loses wastebasket'
b"when there is a cute ass dude on the bus in front of you but you're too big of an insecure child to even make eye contact \xf0\x9f\x98\x85good job me"
b"when there's no toilet paper"
b"when there's no topic left to talk so you start talking about world politics and astronomy."
b'when the sun goes down i know that you and me and everything will be alright one direction'
b'when the sun goes down you can rest your love on me'
b'when the teacher already throwing homework at you, on the first day of school'
b'when the teacher starts assigning homework and quizzes on the first day of school (vine by )'
b'when the water starts getting cold and you only shaved one leg.'
b"when the weather's like this it makes it waaay easier getting out if bed \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'when the white boys at my school dont understand my hair is paid for so i reuse to get it wet!'
b'when the white girl tells crazy eyes that they can run away forever and crazy eyes says "... but dinner is at 4:30 " me af girl'
b"when things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting."
b'when this is the first day since sunday you have not had to do homework'
b'when those " friends " do not text back for a long time, then finally you see them in person.'
b'when you called off your shift but your boss does not take it off your pay smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love him \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"when you come home from work and there's no food in your fridge pensive face"
b'when you get a text saying dont be arguing so you gotta be the bigger person cause he older then you and he knows whats best'
b"when you get home for break and all ur relatives start asking about how school's going or if you have a boyfriend yet"
b'when you get out of the shower and realize you only shaved one leg smile'
b'when you get stuck babysitting ur drunk roommate on a saturday night unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when you go to school but come back from a wet tshirt contest'
b'when you have a high ass fever and have to puke but you love mrs. linden'
b'when you have a water balloon fight during class so you get wet and have to borrow a t -shirt from the school like smells like cigarettes'
b"when you hve someone to love, a job tht u're looking forward to do every single morning you woke up. u're living ur life."
b'when you like the lyrics of a love song and you are too ugly to sing it in front of ur friends. - pradeep'
b'when you live in a place known to be wet and always raining. ur driving on the road and the sprinklers are watering the grass'
b'when you need to talk about something but you already talk about it way too much and do not want to annoy anyone'
b"when ur bra and panties match and ur just like hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fuckin ' right fuckin ' right all right"
b'when you realise that one direction have officially fucked up your entire life, thanks boys'
b'when ur in class taking notes on ur laptop but get distracted by twitter'
b'when ur iphone charger starts wearing a turtle neck you know the end is near'
b'when ur mom starts yelling at you & the first thing you do is hide ur phone smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when ur parents been saying " they bout to leave now " for the past 30 mins and then start up another conversation'
b'when ur parent tells you to be home at a certain time and it\'s already passed that time so you hit them with the " we are eating "'
b'when ur sad always remember that you don \xc2\x92t look like you did in 6th grade'
b'when ur waiting for bae to quit being mean as fuck and love you'
b'when you see your hs sweetheart look so different you ask for id. get it h look nothing like the actress thought was hot'
b'when you sneeze and more than one person says bless you'
b'when you stand up 2 fast n suddenly ur floatin thru space n time'
b'when you walk into a frat and see two people dry humping each other'
b'when we act like jerks the only people we hurt are the ones that love us the most'
b"when we argue i'd love it of you just lost the argument and hugged me and we just got on good terms again"
b'when we not arguing i swear he is my best friend'
b"when we were together, you always said you'd die for me. now that we've broke up, i think it's time you kept your promise!"
b'when will they ever attempt to sleep earlier than 12am'
b"when y'all first start talking & he's apologizes for the argument you started vs after being together for awhile"
b'when yo friends dumb as hell but cute.'
b'when you and your dad tell each other chemistry jokes for fun face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'when you are no longer covered in hives, the possibilities are endless!'
b'when you are so desperate you go to the second page of google results'
b'when you are so ugly that your mother puts a dp of your childhood pic with her, cropping you out.'
b'when you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?'
b'when you awkwardly see your on night stand 3 years later... oh hey how you doing?'
b'when you & bae are both stubborn & sarcastic af smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you can not find your phone because you left it someplace stupid like in the car or your non-dominant hand.'
b"when you can not post anything on any social networks because you're pretending to be asleep smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'when you care more about keeping friendships going than your friends smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you come home and there is no food in the fridge. (vine by )'
b'when you cough up blood but no one is home so you just have to wait'
b'when you do not get the memo that your friend changed his number and you text it after a long time. lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when you do not have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.'
b'when you do not have classes on mondays, wednesdays, or fridays next semester'
b'when you feel thirsty, remember, 70% of my body is water so man up!'
b'when you finally get to cleaning your room and it end up a disaster again like for real?'
b'when you finally get your room clean but in the end getting stuck with baskets of laundry to do...'
b'when you find mold in the back of your history textbook smile'
b"when you forget the 'hot ' part of hot & sour soup and take a sip."
b'when you get caught fixing your plate after they said " let the kids eat first "'
b"when you get cheated on, the first thing you should do is take them on jeremy kyle.. obviously that's the logical solution"
b'when you get outta work and come home to no food smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you get stuck babysitting all of the drunk children smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when you get your hair laid and the humidity from the rain makes every curl drop.'
b'when you glad your did not go to chicago... just got something that changed my life smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you got curly hair & you get your hair straightened & them roots start curling up. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you had a scare cause you thought you lost your black and red pens for clinical smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when you hate someone everything they do annoys you... " look at her eating that cracker like she owns this place "'
b'when you have 0 8ams and no classes on fridays next semester victory hand'
b'when you have 0 motivation left to finish the end of school smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you have a dark side, nothing is ever as good as it seems. -'
b"when you have an infected cuticle and you're trying to type paper"
b'when you have homework to do.. before : take out pen and start doing. now : let me tweet about it first! *tweet : gonna do homework now *'
b'when you have not eaten all day and you come home to no food crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face'
b"when you have to finish the office by yourself cause your girlfriend couldn't wait for you... cough cough cough cough"
b'when you have to make a hard decision, flip a coin.. why? because when that coin is in the air, you suddenly know what you are hoping for'
b"when you have to wake up in 2. 5 hours but you're just too excited to sleep"
b'when you hear a recording of your voice and you wonder how you have any friends'
b'when you just want to be left alone person bowing deeply smiling face with smiling eyes face savouring delicious food'
b'when you kiss bitches in front of your girlfriend, and she still fuck with you face throwing a kiss i wish shit was still like this'
b'when you know something doesnt fit in the fridge but you force the door shut and let it fall out on someone else'
b'when you know you absolutely need to study but you mentally can not'
b"when you know you ain't gettin sleep today because you gotta dye your hair & go to your nephews school thingy such fun good"
b"when you know you typed ur password wrong but you hit enter still hoping it's correct"
b'when you lose your cellphone in your blankets and then have to throw the blanket around till it falls out.'
b'when you make memes for living and tell your bae that you are a digital marketing expert.'
b'when you miss someone but gotta cut them off for your own well being. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you need to stand up to do your homework in order to not fall asleep i love high school'
b'when you only have classes monday - wednesday next semester good college'
b'when you pick a name for your kid, type it in microsoft word first. if the red squiggly line shows up, please reconsider.'
b'when you realise you too cute to be sad about a dumb boy'
b'when you realize in the middle of driving you legit havent been paying attention, how am i alive? who gave me a license?'
b'when you realize that you will never be like beyonc\xc3\xa9... loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'when you realize there are puppies with more instagram followers than you'
b'when you realize when you wake up it will be monday'
b'when you realize you only shaved one leg'
b"when you're arguing and they're making valid points... so you hit them with the next best thing : tears crying face"
b'*when you\'re at someone\'s house* normal people : " what a lovely house! " me : " what\'s your wifi password? "'
b"when you're broke af but continue to spend money on food. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"when you're cleaning your room and come across 2009 high school yearbooks"
b"when you're doing nothing and yet you're sweating hahahahaha lol how great is that?"
b"when you're driving and nicki minaj is on all 3 radio stations at the exact same time, there's nothing left to do except crash your car."
b"when you're high and you come home to no food pouting face"
b"when you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. but when you're single nothing"
b"when you're in bed and you can not sleep so you just lay there making mental movies of perfect scenario's in life."
b"when you're in love, you can not fall asleep because reality is finally (obviously ) than the dream"
b"when you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and i'll have to fight the attacker naked."
b"when you're literally so exhausted but your 8 am has a policy that if you just miss one class it's 5 points off your final grade tired face"
b"when you're looking fresh to go out but realize you only shaved one leg"
b"when you're married how rewarding will it be to get to crawl into bed and cuddle with the person you love at the end of every exhausting day"
b"when you're on your period and you sneeze or cough"
b"when you're really pissed and over everything and you're upset. those emotions do not mix well let me tell ya"
b'when youre really sick with love & you saw some love birds are acting cute in front of u, it really makes you wanted to puke as much as you can smile'
b"when you're sad just remember that you do not look like you did in 6th grade"
b"when you're so broke but you still continue to spend money on food?"
b"when you're starving and you come home to no food.. weary face"
b"when you're stuck babysitting because you're dads in the er"
b"when you're stuck babysitting so ur parents could go on a date so you have to cancel ur plans but your friends love you so they come over \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"when you're supposed to be cleaning your room but you put music on and end up choreographing every dance you listen to"
b"when you're taking a test and look at someone else's test and its nothing like yours"
b"when you're trying to listen to a song online and you find out its someone singing a cover in the worst way ever lol"
b"when you're wearing shorts and you sit down and your thighs suddenly expand to the size of texas"
b'when your ex see you doing good they send you that popular text " hey stranger, long time "... yeah we been done... long time face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face with tears of joy \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when your friend is trying to set you up with someone hot face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when your girlfriend is the best ever and you can not wait to spend every holiday with her.'
b'when your girls mad at you she starts using correct grammar better than an english teacher. him : you good babe her : yup, i am fine.'
b"when your girl thought that you must be busy with some important work and couldn't come online but in reality your internet charge got over."
b'when your group report is on dialysis but one of your groupmates does her part on the diet for dysrhythmias. ugh'
b'when your hungry af but its the night you come home from vacation with no food in the fridge \xf0\x9f\x98\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa7'
b"when your level of sarcasm is so advanced that people think you're serious."
b'when your mom always complaining about your attitude but you get it from her smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when your mom finds out you lied about cleaning your room'
b"when your mom goes partying for her 40th birthday in tunisia and you're stuck at home reading books, living the life"
b'when your momma taught you to look both ways she did not mean be two faced.'
b'when your new teacher tries to speak english and you can not decide whether to write or listen.'
b'when your night class gets cancelled and you already do not have classes on fridays so your weekend starts at 12:30 on thursday'
b'when your on the phone and its silent \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d.. girl'
b'when your on your period and you sneeze'
b'when your parents call you to tell you they are going out meanwhile your stuck babysitting until midnight'
b'when your phone battery is 1% and you\'re running to the phone charger like " stay with me buddy! dammit we\'re losing him "'
b'when your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher. well done team.'
b'when your relative gifts you an expensive watch and you do not wear it because your classmates might think from where did you steal it.'
b"when your school puts a wet floor sign outside while it's raining... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'when your sister lets you use the v and trust you without the license that love face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when your stuck babysitting instead of going to a party unamused face'
b'when your teacher gives a 20 minute speech about not wasting time'
b'when your teacher plans a test on the day you have only 25 mins in each class... great... thanks for that'
b'when your worst lab is cancelled tmr afternoon you bet your ass i am getting wasted to that tonight'
b'when you see a group of girls having an argument'
b'when you see a man opening a car door for a woman it can only mean 1 of 2 things. either the car is new or the wife is.'
b'when you send a " you up " text and it gets no reply'
b'when you spell a word so wrong that spell check is like i do not know what to tell you man.'
b'when you spend the day thinking of someone you have not spoken to in a long time and you want to text them, then they send the first msg unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when you start liking someone : " ah fuck "'
b'when you start to hate someone, everything they do begins to annoy you... them : *cough*you : " oooohhh my gooooooddddddd "'
b'when you start writing on paper without margins and this happens'
b"when you stay up till 2 am the past 4 nights and still ain't getting your homework done..."
b'when you tell a lie, think of it as peeing in the pool. let it out slow. do not let facial expressions give you away.'
b'when you think about it, the little old man behind the curtain in oz was the original catfish.'
b"when you think you're about to come home and eat but there's no food in your kitchen. expressionless face"
b'when you truly do not care what the fuck anyone thinks of you, you have reached a dangerously awesome level of freedom.'
b'when you try so hard with someone who you really care about & know yourself your getting no were \xf0\x9f\x98\x94!'
b"when you try to improve your marks but your life's even worse. that's education."
b"when you've been covered in hives for 3 weeks you accumulate the local convince stores itch isle and more"
b"when you've nothing on your face to be proud of, so you start wearing expensive spectacles."
b"when you wait at the highschool to pick up a friend cause you're a badass friend :, )"
b"when you wait for a waiter in the restaurant, aren't you a waiter?"
b'when you wake up from a power nap and have no idea what day, month or year it is'
b"when you wanna go out but you're stuck babysitting a grown ass man"
b'when you want them, they do not want you. when they want you, you do not want them. when you both want each other, something messes it up.'
b'when you want to go to bed early cuz youre tired, but you cant cuz you have to study!'
b'when you want to hang out with your friends but your stuck babysitting'
b'when you want to sleep more but the upstairs neighbour decides to run like elephants for a whole half hour.'
b"when you want to subtweet but you're working on your attitude smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'when you were younger and your mom would come in your room to give you a chore and you try fake sleeping'
b'when you yell \'pizza\'s here guys! " into your empty flat because you have no friends.'
b'where do i apply to get a friend who takes candid photos of me being carefree and nonchalant for me to upload to instagram'
b'where\'s my hug? " lol i dunno retrace your steps when did you last have it?'
b"where's the funny cat video?i need something entertaining please.. dont retweet love quotes life quotes whatever quotes lah"
b'where was you at? " i was probably not skipping english class.'
b'where/when did you learn to love cooking? at the studio kitchen where i was left alone for hours to tend to food and appreciate it.'
b'whether in a month or in two years, android one phones get better with time. " aham, acredito que vai ter 2 anos de updates'
b'whether you like nice guys or jerks its really none of my business.. i heard " we accept the love we think we deserve "'
b"while everyone may not speak the same language, we all know what time mcdonald's stops serving breakfast."
b'while having sex, call ur partner by another name. this will let them know that your old partner was better and motivate them to do better.'
b'while im said is leaving gt, i cant wait for her to do awesome things *coughteamupwith cough *'
b"while middle class america finds it almost impossible to pay for & doctors aren't not accepting it!! next!\xe2\x80\xa6"
b'while on facebook, i realized that i do not hate facebook... i hate people.'
b'while wearing a bikini you show 90% of your body but men are so polite, that they stare only at the covered places.'
b'whisperyourdinner : smile - or'
b'white clothes come out on memorial day and go away on labor day. if only worked what way!'
b'good thing the world doesnt think like you because we would live in a dark violent world where people are trained to murder'
b"white girl : do these uggs make my starbucks look big?me : what?white girl : *you're"
b'white girls " - a poemi need starbucks nowlike can this weather just notnetflix, uggs, and yoga pantsyour so pretty i can not even.'
b'prolly having a field day off this eagle alert " see... always them " face with tears of joy'
b'we have been asking you to do that for the past 7+ years.'
b'white middle aged male at 10:30 on a thursday night in 40 degree weather and pouring rain wow what a great time for a run'
b'white people take pictures of anything. today this guy was taking a picture of a rock at the park.'
b"whitley told me not to get a job and enjoy the free time i have left and... he's right smh i should've listened"
b'whoa. i just thought of someone other than myself for a moment. that was terrifying.'
b'who can love you all night long... nobody baby. & the band keeps playin ooooon.'
b"who can not wait for to return in 2016?! who can not wait to see what's up after highschool?!?"
b'who does not love a 6 + hour shift after 8 hours of school? smiling face with open mouth unamused face'
b'who does not love polka dot panties! so cute and innocent.'
b'who does not love the sound of a good sneeze?'
b'who does not love to walk around campus and count tree species?'
b'who else has done this?1 your on twitter2 you close the app3 you just kinda ponder blankly for a few seconds4 get right back on this app'
b'who else has taken 2 + years of a foreign language and still has no clue how to speak it?'
b'who else hates the sound of their own voice on video?'
b"who else laughs at their texts before they send them and think they're fucking hilarious?"
b'who else thinks the turtle in finding nemo was stoned off his ass.'
b'who even comes up with emojis do people sit around a table and just throw out ideas like " you know what we need? a suspicious-looking moon! "'
b'whoever did this to my phone at school today, absolutely freaking hilarious. i almost died bc i laughed so hard.'
b'whoever i end up marrying is going to be lucky af cause i got so much love to give'
b'whoever invented the online software so your parents can see your grades online is a real dick head.'
b'whoever marries zac efron one day will basically win at life'
b"whoever pulled the fire alarm is childish like it's raining outside and you wanna play"
b"whoever pulled the fire alarm when it's raining is just rude"
b"whoever said diamonds are a girl's best friend obviously never had a dog."
b'whoever said money does not grow on trees obviously has never sold weed!'
b'whoever said the best things in life are free was unaware of this 99 app that makes my phone sound like a light sabre.'
b'whoever says you can not cram for a test just did not try hard enough'
b'whoever stole my copy of microsoft office is in big trouble. you have my word.'
b'whoever thinks money can not bring you happiness, transfer it over to my bank.'
b'whoever voted for rob ford as mayor must be so very happy with our city how our city is being represented be him & his family.'
b'who invented hugs? i mean the first hug would have been so awkward. " what are you doing? why are you holding me? " " shhh just trust me "'
b": ain't nothing like a genuine bond with the person you love."
b'who knew foggy nelson could sing this good'
b'who knows how old chinese for dinner'
b'and said it was cute to act dumb?'
b'who likes having classes on fridays because i know i do not sad'
b'who loves school \xf0\x9f\x93\x93\xe2\x9c\x8f\xe2\x9c\x82\xf0\x9f\x93\x96'
b'who needs a social life when you have netflix and a fridge full of food?'
b"who needs sleep when there's this lovely thing called caffeine? astonished face"
b'whoo - hoo, can not wait till next week against the ( cough ) 2 - 7 cowboys at miami'
b'whoooo i love having 8 am classes every morning!'
b'who remembers going on the computer just to go on paint and space pinball?'
b'who said doctors do not have funny bones? watch these docs belt out " waking up is hard to do "'
b"who says ap chemistry isn't fun?"
b'who\'s that? " " what are they doing? " " what\'s happening? "... " shut up and watch the movie'
b'who\'s this clown? " - every guy about every other guy who is in a photo with a girl we like'
b"who's trying to bring ask. fm back"
b'who\'s wife invented the " add your location to your tweet " feature?'
b'who wants a flawless thinner face? yep! our fabulous four in under 5 minutes great for busy mums order'
b'who wants to come scoop me to school? good for the bus coming earlier than usual smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'who wants to go play with me on the mood swings?'
b'who want to help me with my homework? smile really'
b'who was the first to look at a cow and think : " i\'ll squeeze these dangly things here, and drink whatever comes out! "'
b'why am i already planning my 27th birthday trip i have like 7 years to wait but right now i am really digging the idea of greece'
b'why am i cleaning my room right now?'
b'why am i up so early? oh right. to count squirrels for my biology experiment. unamused face'
b'why are clothes so expensive? i should not have to pay this much to not be naked. people should pay me to not be naked'
b'why are mondays so awesome?'
b'why are my parents basically dry humping to christmas music?'
b"why are parents trippin about us going out and never being home it's summer"
b'why are people running around like elephants upstairs i am so tired of it'
b'why are there never any good side effects. just once, i\'d like to read a medication bottle that says " may cause multiple orgasms "'
b'why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?'
b'why be sad when you can be rad. chin up beautiful'
b'why can not i lose weight easily i mean i lose everything else without a problem'
b'why can not my coworkers just play on the internet like normal people instead of trying to engage me in conversation.'
b'why can not we all just get a long island iced tea?'
b'why cant you do a good job the first time around why is it that we have to follow up with you repeatedly'
b'why cheat on someone who is all about you. are you dumb tf'
b"why did i come home for food when there's no food here?"
b'why did i even take chemistry this year i am a senior i am supposed to take easy and fun classes'
b'why did i have to start cleaning my room?!'
b'why did i just see a commercial for low cal dog food? do dogs calorie count? if they do maybe i should start...'
b'why did i pick right now to start organizing and cleaning my room? confused face'
b'why did not the doctor takes the shade tattoo off clara to stop her from dying? oh yeah, because of the contrived plot point to kill her.'
b'why did not you do your homework for today? " " mmmm well... i gotta vote, bye " one direction'
b'why did the blonde put her ipad in a blender? because she wanted to make apple juice.'
b'why did this semester for the state of nc have to become so much work to become a teacher?!'
b'why did tigg call me a fag? he said i do not want a bad friend we need to talk this out'
b'why did you introduce your 2 friends to each other? - i wanted the 3 of us to be great friends. = did you? - nah, but they did'
b'why do 1d sing most of the bad songs off the album live like where the fuck is never enough'
b'why do a lot of guys have such long eyelashes that they dont even need i want those eyelashes'
b'why do banks lock their pens to the desk? if i am trusting you with my money, dont you think you can trust me with your pen?'
b"why do bras cost why does makeup cost why do men's shirts come in plastic packs with 4 for"
b'why do compliments make me feel 2% better but insults make me feel 87% worse i dont like that'
b"why does a random soul always send me complimentary tickets to kismet... i am not goin... well i could... maybe i'll try to go maybe.."
b'why does it always sound like a herd of elephants when my son is upstairs?'
b'why does it cost so much to graduate high school?'
b'why does it make me so sad that a vhs from 15 years ago will still remember where i left off.'
b'why does it take 20 million years to wait for the dentist'
b"why does the fire alarm have to go off when it's raining"
b'why does the weekend suck live'
b'why does toilet paper need a commercial? who is not buying this?'
b"why do famous people think that they can only date other famous people? you're limiting your chance to find your soulmate. for example : me."
b'why do i have to be stuck babysitting on a saturday night instead of being with my girlfriend at the movies unamused face unamused face'
b'why do i like myself better as the puppy filter on snapchat'
b'why do i like you so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much?'
b'why do i look different in mirrors than in photos what the fuck'
b'why do men always talk about women cheating but it\'s " okay " to have side chicks and main chicks'
b'why do men chase women they have no intention of marrying? for the same reason dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.'
b'why do my upstairs neighbours continue to walk around like fucking elephants at 8 in the fucking morning.'
b'why dont i have my own reality show yet? im so relatable and quirky x'
b'why do not m\xc3\xa9xicans cross the border in 3\'s? because it says no " trespassing "'
b'why do not we say " good night " when we greet someone like we do for " good morning "?'
b"why do not y'all watch that? y'all love tlkn bout & shit nobody ever watches what i like"
b'why do not you gangnam style your way off the nearest cliff?'
b".. why do not you stay for a while, it's been too long since i've smiled, there's too few people i trust..."
b'why do not you wear makeup to school? " -because getting an extra half hour of sleep is way more important'
b'why do old people drive slow they barely have any time left like gooooo ur dying'
b"why do other girls look so fresh faced and good with no makeup on then there's me who looks like a zombie from the walking dead"
b'why do parents always ruin your day and then act like they didnt ruin your day and wonder why youre in a bad mood'
b'why do parents expect us to act like adults and yet treat us like children?'
b'why do parents get mad when you sleep all day like im staying out of trouble and im not spending your money like what is the issue here'
b"why do parents think it's so easy to get straight a's?"
b'why do parents treat us like children and expect us to act like adults'
b"why do people always become the person they said they'd never be"
b'why do people ask me what i want to do in the future when i do not even know what i want to do in 10 minutes get outta my face'
b'why do people cry on the last day of school? you should be crying on the first day of school.'
b'why do people freak out when they see a part of my bra or my stomach like what did you think was under my shirt? the great wall of china?'
b'why do people have meltdowns at 11pm? just go to sleep. sleep is great.'
b'why do people in horror movies yell out " hello? " as if the killer is gonna say " yeah, i am in the kitchen, want a sandwich? "'
b'why do people just stop talking to me when i did nothing wrong atleast tell me if i did something or i will overthink and hate myself'
b"why do people say 'grow some balls?' balls are weak and sensitive. if you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. those things can take a pounding."
b"why do periods have to last an entire week? after an hour i am sure i am not pregnant so let's just move on now.. all that is just unnecessary"
b'why do some couples make their status " single " every time they fight. i do not put " orphan " when i get into fights with my parents.'
b'why do the people who mean the most to you hurt you the most'
b'why do they even include 2016 as an option when selecting your birth year online like you fresh out the womb ready to join gmail'
b'why do we feel safe under blankets? it\'s not like a murderer will come in thinking, " i am gonna kill - ahh damn! she\'s under a blanket... "'
b'why do we have animals if we keep killing them cool sucks being a human'
b"why do y'all continually lie? like if i am asking you. i already know the truth. keep it 100 or you lose all respect."
b'why everytime some suspenseful shit happen on scandal i be hoping it be harrison comming back weary face weary face that was my man! lol'
b'why fall in love when you can fall asleep'
b'why fall in love when you could fall on the floor and never get up'
b'why fitz just yelled at olivia flushed face face with tears of joy'
b'why have i been getting work emails since 7:30 am? happy monday.'
b'my biggest stress in life was missing my cartoon shows'
b'why insult someone when you can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone'
b"why is everyone so obsessed with the idea of love? if you're dying to be hurt so badly, i've got a baseball bat for that."
b"why is facebook such a hit? it works on the principle that 'people are more interested in others life than their own '."
b'why is it always the same person getting in your way from start to checkout at the grocery store?'
b'why is it called " beauty sleep " when you wake up looking like a troll'
b'why is it raining so bad in newcastle, and why did the fire alarm go off in the su, time to go to mabes'
b'why is it so hard to sleep? i used to be great at it'
b"why is it that every time i work out i eat the biggest meal right after so it's like i never worked out."
b'why is monday so far from friday, and friday so close to monday?'
b"why is my facebook feed getting flood with love, romance, relationship posts? kinda feel like it's just rubbing it in now... jerks!"
b'why isn\'t there a dog grooming business called " cut a bitch ", already?!'
b'why is that when " we need to talk ", i only get to listen?'
b'why is there a " born in 2013 " option when making a twitter? " just got home from the hospital where i popped out of my mom! yolo!'
b'why is there a horde of elephants upstairs again'
b'why is there so much hate on twitter. like take that hate and go do your homework. lol.'
b'why is this still being talked about, people will love to hate cam newton for virtually no reason at all'
b'why justin bieber is white?1% he was born that way9% he uses make up90% theres no sun in the closet'
b'why mfs be so mad tho weary face be glad bitch face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'why must the boy who lives above me move furniture at midnight almost every night? like why'
b'why niggas be so damn salty over nothing. like you need to go get some pussy and keep it pushing.'
b'why not fall asleep with her? both happy! why fall in love when you can just fall asleep.'
b'why not fall asleep with the person you love?'
b'why periods? why can not mother nature just text me and be like " waddup girl. you ain\'t pregnant. have a great week. talk to you next month "'
b'why? plus it\'s not even sex if you wear a condom. it\'s dry humping. " loudly crying face'
b"why post a picture on facebook with the caption 'omg i am sooooo ugly ' and then get mad when i agree? bitch wtf!"
b'why put cookie dough in the oven when you can put it in your mouth?'
b'why send one big text when you can send 15 little ones in a row & be even more annoying'
b'why tf will not zayn ever reply to me. literally so rude.'
b"why the fire alarm keep going off loudly crying face it's fucking raining"
b"why the fuck do ya'll bitches still do the duck face on your pictures? bitch that ain't cute."
b'why we expect only cold next weekend in dfw ; friday night will be cold but too warm for snow or freezing rain!'
b'why? wild guess the gold standard is top soccer leagues in the world nfl and they have the cojones to follow'
b'why would come back to when he gets paid great for doing nothing at all'
b"why would you pay for a bra at victoria's secret when i will hold your boobs up all day for free?"
b'why, yes, the morning when i am trying to sleep through a sinus infection is the perfect time for my building to test its fire alarm.'
b'why you do not have to look far to find comparisons between falling in love and getting high :'
b'why you so shy " bitch i just met you 17mins ago relax'
b'that sounds so bomb loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face i am stuck babysitting tho *cries'
b'kids are jerks. and they ruin lives. they are lucky they have that instant love thing going for them. lol'
b"wife : i lost my keys again! husband : it's in your jeans. wife : do not drag my family into this."
b"wifi's not working to well the hotel so goodnight, i'll be up bright and early tomorrow morning smile i love jacob"
b'wildcats are red corbins are bleu this could be the start of something new'
b"i really feel honored by that. i've never been around such genuine people in my life. thank you so much."
b'will forever love yoga classes smiling face with smiling eyes what a wonderful way to end this amazing week full of self love and positivity'
b'will have loads of fun taking the ncae tmrw.?'
b'feeling like such a valued customer'
b'if you would like a rain check on that movie you are welcome to join madison and i at the hunger games movie this weekend.'
b'i almost bought insurance because of your adverts here in south africa'
b'will i be able to understand mambo no. 5 if i did not hear mambos 1 -4?'
b'willow smith is 11 and has a tongue ring, half her head shaved, and is bisexual. she needs to go live with her auntie and uncle in bel -air.'
b'treasure it every time they fall asleep on you. nothing like it. does not last forever, i miss that feeling of trust.'
b'will there be homework on first day'
b'i love your books they are world class i can not wait for the next. pls do not stop writing i can not live without your books! smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'win 9 in a row beginning tonight and the four horseman will ride happening'
b'i am out of town not able to work on that machine. now i have iced soft homework when i get back. awesome.'
b'think of the top quality programs we will miss!'
b"winnie's happy"
b"winston's suspended for the first half of the game surprise surprise"
b'winter break needs to slow down.'
b'*winter* couples : we are going to cuddle and snuggle like there is no tomorrow. me : *stares at pillow* you love me right?'
b"winter : how do you expect me to do things it's fucking freezing outside summer : how do you expect me to do things it's fucking hell outside"
b"so it's good to plan ahead! here's are some things you can do to in foggy conditions!"
b"wipe your mouth. there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips."
b'wip pls dont retweet im drawing babies i love these babies'
b'wishing you could punch someone in the face with no consequences.'
b'wish i still had that feeling. lol it burnt out. not even fun anymore.'
b'wish i took a before and after photo of me trying out this hair mask. i think i am going to order more because this shit is awesome'
b"wish i wasn't such a piece of shit lol"
b'wish i woulda knew this shit back then!'
b"wish i would be paying for a dance and can not run that pussy you ain't gettin shit"
b'wish me and good luck at our volleyball game \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wish my brother would not have got killed cuz shit been crazy lately disappointed face'
b'wish my skin was as clear as snapchat filters make it'
b'wish people would not confuse state-run capitalism with socialism.'
b"wish sleeping wasn't my biggest chore"
b"wish some nigga would try some shit like that i'll beat that nigga up fr."
b"wish the fairy oddparents would come on face with tears of joy that's my shit"
b'wish you would lie to me a little more'
b'with current trend, lesean mccoy will be injured or suspended this week. might have to bench him.'
b'with as our da, i always feel safe and secure.'
b'without drivers license or green card what life can an immigrant have?'
b'without school, its hard to remember what day it is.'
b'without stupid people we would have no one to laugh at.'
b'without those kinkshaming jerks that love to piss me off and have my back and buy me stuff when im poor i love them to pieces'
b"with rain and all, my hair looks much better than it did when i walked into my hairstylist's hair salon \xe2\x98\xba!"
b'with rice no need to clean and cook for hours love it'
b'with the right music, you either forget everything or you remember everything.'
b'with tiff done for another year i am sure canadians will flock to theaters in support cdn films that got such a mktg push at the festival'
b'witnesses say south side man was still standing after house exploded around him ; great-granddaughter found on bed, minor burns but ok.'
b"the undercover cop wanted to just shoot him but fireman said we'll handle this in ferguson anymore"
b'woah! i guess i should watch what i say on here ha i told niggaz. " never cross me like a celtic "'
b'woah.. totally forgot... my decisions have to go through my sister first'
b"woah wasn't expecting that"
b'woa thank you for the support real nice'
b'woke up and preceded to leave my room but then i slammed my face against the door'
b'woke up an hour earlier to do my hair and as soon as i pull up to the hotel it starts pouring good smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"woke up... came to my 8am... it's canceled... thanks for the notification after i was up"
b'woke up completely covered in hives from head to toe.. cool!'
b'woke up imperfect and in love'
b'woke up kayden to put him in bed with me... i love this little boy way too much'
b"woke up knowing that it's so important to love jesus and love people. live and love like jesus."
b'woke up like this'
b"woke up to adele's 25 in my music! \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80 gave it one listen and i love it! can not wait to listen again after the show"
b'woke up to a fucked up lip thanks to my best friend.'
b'woke up to an exploded lotion all over my backpack, what a great morning'
b"woke up to charlie covered in hives and it's only 1 and im so so so tired"
b'woke up to my cat pooping in my room \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe'
b'woke up with a cold then when i went to make breakfast i burnt my hole arm with the stupid oil crying face crying face crying face today shall be fun!'
b'woke up with my entire body covered in hives... can life just pause for a minute and give me a break?'
b"woke up yesterday and it was raining... it rained all day. went to bed and it was raining. now i've awoken again.. surprise still raining \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f rowboat"
b"*woman gives birth* woman : i think i'll name her sara doctor : i am sorry, but that name's already taken.. may i suggest sara89 or sara_13?"
b'women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.'
b'women are naturally better liars than men, and they\xe2\x80\x99re also better at detecting lies.'
b'women are simple. with them, yes means yes and no means yes and no means no and no means maybe but maybe means yes and maybe means no'
b'women can walk around all day long in a bikini, but god forbid if you see them in their bras and panties. i will never comprehend this.'
b'women do not poop, they hold it in and it comes out as drama.'
b'women might be able to fake orgasms. but men can fake a whole relationship'
b'women remember criticism like an elephant but compliments like a goldfish.'
b"women's logic : i went to buy a dress. but i saw a beautiful pair of shoes. so i bought this handbag."
b"women's logic : when you like a guy, do nothing about it and expect him to magically know and make the first move."
b'women wake up yawning while men wake up with an erection. coincidence? i think not.'
b'women : when it comes to doggy style, men are behind you 100%'
b'women who pretend to like football are the same women who pretend to be on birth control.'
b'wonder how much farther i have to walk before these corduroy pants finally catch on fire.'
b"wonder if i'll be as excited as oomf if i ever have a child flushed face raised hand face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"wonder if those using my kid as a pawn to get at me think she'll grow up and say 'oh yeah, my mum is an insufferable bitch, you were right '"
b'wondering where all the school buses are this morning, oh yeah, georgia schools are out all week'
b'wondering why my gf said she was going to sleep a half hour ago and still on twitter'
b'woohoo for being sick.'
b'woohoo i can not wait till pantomime... like sitting in a box listening for the right sounds cues... fun fun fun... not really'
b'woo smile love being up early for work'
b'wooo getting your blood drawn is so much fun!'
b'wooo just got my lab write up finished and did not put it off until later tonight'
b"wooooo let's go wrestling conditioning!"
b'woooooow that just puts me in a great mood worry'
b"woooo! when you're up to 12:30 finishing you're english paper!"
b'wooow these girls are talking about smoking, your so cool.'
b'woops my 10 minute study break turned into a whole year'
b'woo saturday night, can not wait to babysit'
b'woo up at 520 everyday is great'
b'word for the day : exhaustipated - too tired to give a crap.'
b'words can not explain how mad & sad i am rn.. like seriously raised hand i thought you were my bestfriend & you just me off! i see i matter to you'
b'work -countdown :3 days smile i can not wait to go to school!'
b'worked a 10. 5 hour day which will look absolutely beautiful on my pay check tomorrow! smiling face with open mouth so in love with working at the doctors office! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'work for the weekend is done.. -. - i already signed up. happiness.'
b'working 12 days straight and 8 day clinicals \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f love my life'
b'working 7 -9 hours everyday next week with one day off... which is sunday! that does not count for me neutral face loudly crying face'
b'working a 12 on my day off. so you know i am going to lush afterwards to spend my overtime money mouth face before i even get it.'
b'working add me on sc i shot love : clarkboi'
b'working all winter just to fuck the summer up'
b'working during vacation is awesome.'
b'working for 5 & 1/2 hours alone tonight. coooooooooool'
b'working hard is great but do not forget to enjoy life. taking day off to watch with my teens tomorrow.'
b'working hard tonight with'
b'working now too get my summer body'
b'working on a name for her maybe since she is velvet sky maybe she can be angelina love.'
b'working on my day off! i love my job!'
b'working on the entrance test for the business english course which i will start next january'
b'working overtime coz i am a fucking winner like that pensive face pensive face'
b'working seven days in a row. i sincerely hope nothing happens on my day off. i just want to relax and eat pizza.'
b'working short so i am doing two assignments and here till 11 then have homework die at midnight face with tears of joy'
b'working with a summer time during the winter time lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'work in the am. ohhhh the joys of going to see my coworkers'
b'work is horrible on a saturday but do love being up early once you are out of bed'
b"work like you do not need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -unknown"
b'workout, eat healthy stuff, wear what you want, fall in love idk just do some cool stuff that will make ur life better'
b'work/school is gonna suck tomorrow, but this weekend was definitely one of the best yet.'
b'work = where more accomplished people tell us what to do. internet = where you tell more accomplished people what to do.'
b'work will be fun today'
b'world literature is interesting subject smile'
b'his spotters were doing a textbook job there'
b'world war three will probably be fought via social networking sites'
b"ain't nothing like diversity lmao"
b'worrying is a waste of time ; it does not change anything, it just messes with your mind and steals your happiness.'
b"worrying is so stupid. it's like carrying an umbrella waiting for it to rain."
b'worry is like a rocking chair. it gives you something to do but it does not get you anywhere.'
b'worst combo ever : week-long crash course in french grammar while covered in hives.'
b'worst feelin is when you come home to no food pensive face'
b'worst headache of my entire life.. can barely even stand up or open my eyes...'
b'worst is thinking you did great on a test in school, but actually failing it'
b'worst sports weekend of my life. tennessee titans lost osu basketball lost osu football lost fantasy football teams suck jeff gordon lost'
b'worst three words in math : show your work.'
b'seems it s coming from an allergy than, since it s clear, hopefully it ll soon be better love... night for now i ll talk more tmrw'
b'would a nice biscuit induce a life-threatening high blood pressure event?'
b'would be great if i could be put into more group chats!'
b'would give my right arm for a givenchy antigona bag'
b'would give my right arm ( which is my healthy arm ) to whoever brings me chocolate and starbucks to the store'
b'would give up my right arm for a nap rn'
b'would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really was all fun and games up until that point?'
b'would love to be left alone in a room with a member of is for 5 minutes to see what kind of damage i could do to the fucker'
b'would love to find a gf who takes lots of latuda pills.'
b'would love to go into a store and just once they have shoes in my size'
b"would not be able to survive chem or geometry or driver's ed or anything without you love ya"
b'would not it be great if was as excited to spend -120 million to tend to the needs of long-time oaklanders who are hurting?'
b"would really love it if someone would deliver pho & some allergy meds to me. dammit, why am i out of favor's delivery area? pensive face"
b"would really love to take the day off and chill, but these college apps ain't waiting tired face"
b'would you get into grammar school? try the 11-plus exam'
b'would you like a medal for that? here you go. we are all so proud of you'
b'wow 4 years ago my knee popped for the first time in ballet smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'wow algebra is the best way to start off my day... nothing like a little social science to start off my friday morning!'
b'my dad would say. well do not eat it then. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you might have an allergy to dairy or something?'
b'wow are coming to watch us at on 4th october! b'
b'wow arsenal looked good today...'
b'wow is poppin right now'
b'wow. " be able to revoke the french citizenship of a person convicted for threatening the nations \' interest "'
b'wow can not wait to work during these bogo drinks.'
b'wow you should not get involved is a four time convicted felon married to a man on lifetime parole for murder.'
b'wow day made! smiling face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'wow is just so much'
b': in rare cases, smoking can cause your nipples to fall off. " oh my! glad i never smoked ever! funny'
b'wow great good great amazing morning today grinning face'
b'wow, i am so glad that out internet works \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b"wow... i can see you're really convicted."
b'wow i didnt know don vito was a convicted sex offender, fuck that guy'
b'wow i feel loved...'
b'wow i filled out an application and accidentally put that i am a convicted felon confused face'
b'wow i just love being wide awake at this time on a sunday unamused face'
b'wow! i just saw the coolest kid ever! he had a shag haircut and was blasting rap music in his moms blazer. wish i was that cool!'
b"wow i look so hawt right now y'all"
b'wow i love being second choice'
b'wow i love being sick'
b'wow i love being talked to like i am stupid and being treated like shit! \xc2\xa1! \xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1! \xc2\xa1 no really, please keep it up smile'
b'wow i love being wide awake 6:30 am!'
b'wow i love looking like a little boy in this jersey...'
b'wow i love that i get yelled at for trying to help'
b"wow i love the latest registration hour and the shittiest spread out random ass classes how 'd you know :-)))"
b'wow i love trying to schedule my classes when they are all closed! what a time to be alive!'
b"wow i love waking up when it's still pitch black outside..."
b'wow i love when it rains on my day off'
b'wow i love when people sneeze and cough into their hands :0)'
b'wow i love when teachers give you a packet to do for homework over something you have not even learned yet.'
b'wow i love whmis training so much. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'wow i am doing great concentrating in this 8am.. unamused face sleeping face'
b'wow i am in a great mood today'
b'wow i am so excited to work 5:30am - 3pm tomorrow'
b'wow, i am so lucky that i do not have family that i can trust.'
b"wow. i really hope my dear friend bronwen & brendan's family can have some sort of peace and closure now."
b'wow i send some beautiful snapchats'
b'wow its feels nice to be appreciated'
b'wow i wish i was as cool as those guys that just drove by on their motorcycles.'
b'wow just reading about the 7 churches jesus was speaking to in revelations has me feeling convicted'
b'wow, kids drinking vodka in the back of the room during a lecture. you guys are classy.'
b'wow l have missed you smile'
b'wow smiling face with smiling eyes like i totally think im getting adjusted to the super cute 4 hours of sleep a night thing. tired face'
b"wow looking fine face with tears of joy what's wrong with him and pictures by madilyn. julianna"
b'wow looks like one of the candidates nearly kills the mum with her nut allergy next week. i love the apprentice.'
b'wow low blood sugar is super fun'
b'wow missing 3 days of school has killed my grades good'
b'wow my house is a happy house tonight... bed time soon it is then'
b'wow nice to just see 3 of your staff threatening a member of public and running after them bellingham station'
b'wow! nothing like a bit of happiness'
b'wow rogers i am so glad i had to switch to your company.'
b'wow seriously? 13 year olds having sex and getting drunk? when i was 13 i was injecting heroin and had committed my 4th murder, pussies'
b'wow so excited for the hours of homework i have tonight smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wow so many people online!'
b'wow! so many words i want to say, yet i am speechless'
b'wow stomach flu is so fun'
b'wow, such a smooth transition from summer to fall bloom.'
b'wow that makes me feel really welcome. thanks a lot raised hand'
b"wow that's a bloody big cauliflower"
b"wow that's a surprise - it's raining again."
b"wow the bus driver is happy this morning i know it's early but still"
b"wow... the first day i've ever been to ut and g10 lot was full. what a pain i the ass to find parking..."
b'wow, the political comments on every news article are hilarious!'
b'wow there was a homework assignment i had no clue about so i just got a 0 awesome'
b'wow this day has been pure. shoutout to everyone who has been super rude today! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes love you all! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wow this day is awesome. i love not getting homework done in time and stressing out about a giant test tomorrow. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wow this day is off to a great start'
b'wow this detention till 3:05 really taught me a valuable lesson i am never gonna be late again!'
b'wow this is the perfect time for the fire alarm to go off again.'
b'wow this story line was good and fascinating " day in court " you frame someone for murder but make sure they do not get convicted'
b'wow twitter so live rn'
b'wow we sure do wish we never parked there...'
b'wow what a great start to my morning.'
b'wow, what a great way to start my day smile smile smile smile'
b'wow what an improvement face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'wow what a surprise.'
b'wow yes i love being on hold for 20 minutes unamused face'
b'wow you are such a good friend xoxo'
b"wow you're so cool hating on everyone and everything. so nice"
b'wow your nice.'
b'wow your so much help thank you so much'
b'wow your teeth are like stars " " awwww thanks " " so yellow and distant from each other'
b'wow.. you were such a good friend!'
b'wow! you wore your " tom\'s " and brought your dog to chickabiddy! you must be the coolest people in morehead.. glad i could see you.'
b"wrcb today's forecast good thursday. after the wind and rain yesterday, and a foggy start for many of us this"
b'wrestling is obviously fake. why would they fight for a belt when they do not wear pants?'
b'great! how huge your test documents were? did you try with a bible for example?'
b'writing my 2nd last exam later on today. i will not lie, pe has been great to me. i enjoyed 2015. i hope i enjoy my festive too.'
b'its called " liquid evil " aka : alcohol. when too much is consumed, it makes people act in ways they would not if sober.'
b"was he suppose to go on a commuter bus? this is none of anyone's business."
b'wtf is " lolzzz "?! did you laugh yourself to sleep bitch?'
b'wwait wait. i thought of this in art class while i was knitting'
b'good foggy morning with a beautiful sun'
b'i am too cool for school ha'
b"i am thinking god ain't never gave up on me but you right thank you face throwing a kiss"
b"low blood pressure is really fun y'all"
b"xiao's hair no longer looks like a highlighter exploded which is great"
b'you look very excited to see me. i am great too. me and suzy are taking the results for our exam soon'
b'day battle is just them throwing sticks and stones at each other, hoping one gets hit in the head and crits lol'
b'*a far away look appears on my face* i questioned things better left alone. and i fell in love with a human. when i became a +'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x91... any classes babe you will be able to access the camp at any time'
b"that must suck that it was supposed to be your weekend off. me too i believe we could win it too. it'll be massive xx"
b'yaaay! home alone'
b'ya andrew luck is real clutch'
b'good for going into to gr 12 but looking like a niner'
b'it was tweef. if your bro is that rattled by it i am sure max will give him a signed jersey or something.'
b'ya but how did we not win that. we owned them'
b'ya girl has no classes today'
b'ya i know im sarcastic.. thanks for letting me know. i am so extremely sorry about it'
b"ya, i'll meet you there. i just have to run home and change my mind."
b'ya i would love to close the bar at 2 then open the next morning at 10'
b'lol yeah.. that woulda been a damn lie'
b'ya let me just go to a work meeting at 7 like sure cool unamused face expressionless face'
b"y'all are arguing about games and i am sitting over here just quietly dreaming about playing the best roguelike ever when i get home"
b"y'all got a group message that y'all just gossip about people in?! oh wait i forgot y'all were still in highschool"
b"y'all got me so fucked up lol"
b"y'all i dnt love shay no more cuzns nomore face with tears of joy"
b"y'all i am great at answering snapchats"
b"y'all just sit tight while i figure out what i want. it may or may not be you, but i want you to be here in case i ever need you."
b"y'all know i love a petty argument!"
b"y'all know that new sc. thing on how girls can get exposed... ilove that, i want yall hoes to get caught smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"y'all went to asa weekend and still came back single. some of you did not even suck breast"
b'ya maddy an hour and a half lab, hour and a half lecture and 3 hour lecture back to back is a real good idea from 4 -10 pm on tuesdays smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah you were blasting people smile but garrett took one load for her and that is how they met and ew wtf'
b'loll yeah you know how mere be blasting music loudly crying face'
b'ya. one big happy family eh?'
b'ya, running without socks was a good idea...'
b'i was gonna say baby got back sad you'
b'good another day goin to school tomorrow we get out at 11 something \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 and i get to have a 10 hour drive down to north carolina! grinning face with smiling eyes unamused face unamused face weary face'
b'good another day of school!'
b'good but during school hours?'
b'good class for 4 and a half hours.'
b'good college where you have to walk to class in the pouring rain smile'
b'good done with classes for a week smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good done with my bio lab forever smile'
b'good english long block unamused face'
b"yay, even though we weren't supposed to get any rain it's pouring! good for yuma!"
b'good finally done w/my friday classes'
b"good finally it's pouring in jozi"
b'good for 3 hour chem labs.'
b'good for 40 minute classes'
b'good for 4 and a half hour sleep.'
b'good for 5 hour class monday'
b'good for 6am workouts!'
b'good for all of my classes getting canceled tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good for already being sick'
b'good for an 8am class on friday.'
b'good for an hour and a half of sleep!'
b'good for a root canal.'
b'good for a sick horse in the morning...'
b'good for awkward 2 hour breaks between classes'
b'good for awkward conversations'
b'good for awkward pictures and weekends in blue ridge'
b'good for awkward volleyball pictures volleyball'
b'good for being awkward in every possible situation! it makes life so much more enjoyable!'
b'good for being sick again'
b'good for being out of school next week \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good for classes getting canceled!'
b"good for college tours when it's pouring rain smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'good for english'
b'good for fire alarms...'
b'good for getting a random call from my dad. at least i could tell him i am going to pass all my classes this time'
b'good for getting called into work at 3'
b'good for getting sick'
b'good for having four exams within the next week... and the fact my easiest one is already over face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face'
b'good for having to miss classes to drive all the way to juneau tonight for an alcohol class...'
b'good for insomnia!'
b"good for just now starting a lab report that's due tomorrow \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'good for late registration because who does not love crappy classes'
b'good for leaving school early but it sucks that the typhoon is going to ruin my plans confused face'
b'good for losing my voice at my volleyball game'
b'good for me taking summer classes'
b"good for me working drive thru while it's pouring"
b'good for missing the westfield games this weekend!'
b'good for not finishing my lab exam'
b'good for not having a ride to school'
b'good for pouring rain with wind that breaks your umbrellas! and a tornado watch'
b'good for running errands all day long.'
b'good for selfies with awkward hands lol'
b'good for someone breaking into our house twice in 3 months & someone breaking into my car at school today'
b'good for stress pains \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'good for take home tests and cancelled classes raised fist'
b'good for the awkward holidays'
b'good for those awkward moments when you run into people and you have no idea what to do.'
b'good for toms tans!'
b'good for walking all the way back from jervey gym in the pouring rain with no shoes on because you were dumb and wore tennis shoes'
b'good for walking from the band hall in the pouring rain loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'good for walking to class in the pouring rain and lightning face savouring delicious food'
b'good for working on thanksgiving! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy itsk, getting dough and still ginna be able to have fam time relieved face gonna be tired, but no mattah.'
b'good for work trainings'
b'yay, get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow... i am so excited.'
b'good got into all the classes i wanted for next semester. \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'good happy with the microwave at school. can heat up my vegan meals.'
b'good i ended up having a b for bio lab \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b now for sure i should be making a b or an a for the overall lecture grade'
b'good i get to be angry and standing in the cold tired again'
b'good i have to walk dogs in the piss pouring rain'
b'good i just love delivering in the pouring rain smile'
b'good i just met and naturally i was an awkward mess'
b'good i am finally getting tired better get off my phone before my brain changes its mind lol'
b'good i am not going to have a phone or vehicle!'
b'good i am really happy wearing this mayhem shirt sparked conversations with every single weirdo in my 8am'
b"good i straightened my hair, it's pouring and i will not have an umbrella"
b"good it's 3 hour clinical day. i am so freaking excited i can not stand it."
b'good its pouring rain and i have xc this morning!'
b'good its raining and its pouring and there is no old man snoring face with tears of joy'
b'good its raining its pouring'
b"good i've lost weight since school started pouting face"
b'good love being up early instead of sleeping in my cozy bed white smiling face'
b'good math my favorite class'
b'good moving for the 4th fucking time in 6 months how fun. sad'
b'good o bugger worry'
b'good of course its pouring out'
b'good puking is so fun'
b"good rain! 50 things to do when it's pouring down smile"
b'good saturday will be so much fun omg can not wait smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good school my favorite thing to do with my life...'
b'good so excited i love racing when i am sick smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'yay... so happy to be back in breckenridge..'
b'good something to make a rainy tuesday at school look a little brighter \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good movie is coming! still remember playing it late at night in the on green screen many years ago'
b'good that the cross country seniors were included in the senior gifts smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'good today is my last day of classes them thanksgiving break! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good tomorrow is friday that means i am gonna go to school and then celebrate for thanks givingbreak good'
b'good ur almost or out of school smiling face with horns'
b'good waking up at 4am and not feeling tired at all... wth'
b'yay. working in the pouring rain... expressionless face'
b"good work schedule for next week \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1 5 days plus school and homework it's going to be hell"
b'good work tomorrow!'
b'yayy for not being able to sleep?'
b'yayyyy cramps are so fun'
b'omg wait is lin going to be at school'
b"lol so true... yet he's as perfect as perfect can get."
b'y do boys think its ok to walk around w their hands down their pants like fyi its ok'
b'y do cute boys have to be so dumb'
b'yea 70 followers im so happy forever'
b"yeah 3 homework assignment on the first day, that's whats uppp smile"
b'yeah babe, go have fun with your boys'
b'yeah because i always lie to you'
b'yeah because i have 5gb free on my phone'
b"yeah 'cause i wanted to see my ex while i was out today."
b'yeah clowns and heights are scary and all but have you ever clogged your friends toilet'
b"yeah come on over we're just pre gaming for the grocery store"
b"yeah dude you're cool with your lame ass vape."
b'yeah emily you are so sexy'
b'yeah, first you piss me off and they you give me feels. thanks. just what i needed.'
b'yeah for root canals...'
b'yeah france, just start blasting up these countries and kill innocent people. thats a great way to solve it. this world is fucked.'
b'yeah i do not know how to draw.'
b'yeah i have a lot of zeros in my bank account 00'
b'yeah i lie to you but dont you lie to me'
b"yeah, i love the size of this thing. it's great. i want to draw on it fuck!"
b'yeah, i am all about to marry someone serving life in prison. makes perfect sense.'
b'yeah im blasting what a feeling in the car and my mom has not lowered the volume this is a first'
b"& yeah i am rantin... i just popped this 05 ' bottle & im blasting in my crib! much love to everyone on this day"
b"yeah i am totally going to the gym later that's why i look like this..."
b'yeah i need to shower and finish my homework, all the love send me youtube links'
b'yeah. i saw this heat team last year. it was not an enjoyable experience.'
b"yeah it's health visitor day"
b'yeah, just ignore me... that totally the right way to handle this!'
b"yeah let's just put all of my business in the open"
b"yeah let's walk around like big fucking elephants upstairs. who needs sleep."
b"yeah my thumb's fine thanks mum and i am so happy that you feel going for a walk is more important than preparing me for sixth form."
b'yeah not excited for this lie witness news'
b'yeah nothing better than driving around blasting what a feeling'
b'yeah of course play some bass guitar when i am lying in bed with a head ache. thanks smile'
b'yeah peyton gets benched, chiefs are blasting the stupid broncos but i am still stuck watching this pathetic game!'
b'yeah school! expressionless face'
b"yeah, sometimes the heart can see what's invisible to the eye all you gotta do is listen to your deepest feelings they do not ever lie"
b'yeah so you can babysit when am busy noh? face with tears of joy ehhh jayden can not wait to meet you aunty cat'
b'yeah sure i love having my dad take the day off to hang out with me while on my day off, but him waking me up before 10am is ridiculous!'
b'that aint tryna be somebody that you that aint you'
b"yeah that pussy good, girl i ain't gone lie"
b"yeah, that's probably it. she always did lie to us whenever we brought up health issues."
b'yeah that whole quitting thing was the biggest lie i ever told myself'
b"yeah... the gop has its finger on the pulse of what's important to women."
b'yeah they tolerate my music blasting'
b'yeah, this account is not gonna be in use anymore. feel free to block me. i deserve it for freaking people out anyway. happy blasting'
b'yeah this geography paper is coming along great...'
b'yeah this weekend im blasting justin bieber throughout cindys entire house'
b'yeah this whole not sleeping thing is a blast'
b'yeah, though i can not lie, the part of riding the loftwing and then flying in the air without it is such a breeze. " \xc2\xbb@voidedchaos \xc2\xab'
b'yeah type the source on the picture because its easier then just put it in the source bar'
b"yeah you need somebody a grown man with some tight pants on oh that's y you like cause he was a fag & you a fag"
b"yeah wasn't great we set up for the draw and just got lucky"
b'yeah you prolly right about that no lie.'
b'yeah your day might have been funny but did you witness a car blasting out high school musical songs make golfclubgirl jump'
b"yeah, you're right. it does suck to be crutching around campus in the rain. i appreciate the stares though smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'yeah, your half shaved head looks real good.'
b"yea, sure. i'd love to do some heavy lifting up and downs some stairs in this heat"
b'yeay esok last day kt sekolah \xe2\x80\x94 2 more weeks and im done with school good'
b'yeah, i thought hangover was the issue... but i went out last weekend on saturday, did not drink and was still useless. pensive face i suck.'
b'yeee i got the most mcm posts about me today!'
b'yelled " hey slut " to your friend and watched about 20 girls turn around.'
b'yelling at your phone or computer as if it can actually understand you.'
b'yelling " whore! " in a public place and watching 15 girls turn.'
b'yelp is a fun game where you try to guess between whether a restaurant is bad or a reviewer is crazy.'
b'yep, after the holidays definitely looking for another job. when you ask off for a day.. there is a reason. but thanks i canceled my plans'
b"yep can not see my homework and half of it i need a computer to do so that's awesome. and at 4% smile"
b'yep, is back to normal & everyone has forgotten about'
b'yep, this writing session was a great idea.'
b"yep. well there goes my career. only 50 years to wait until it's commercialized."
b'yes 4 years to wait. we are hoping we might be able to volunteer nearer the time. smile'
b'yes annoying hotel guests, please take your pet elephant for a walk outside the room at 4am, when normal people are trying to sleep'
b'yes a very productive and supportive meeting. we can not wait to get started on the history of place project!'
b'yes bc blocking me on instagram is sooooooo hurtful'
b'yes, because doing nothing to stop isis is such great leadership makes sense'
b'yes because we gonna be out of school for a few days and back in goodyear good good good'
b'yes because you not texting me back makes everything better. this presidential election is a joke. congrats, we made history with obama becoming president. and he did such a great job!'
b'yes, cake at 2 am is a brilliant idea...'
b'yes, cleaning up trash was exactly how i wanted to start my day'
b"yes cory i'd love to drive the bev cart in the rain all day for 44 golfers. angry face"
b'? yes dad i love to hear you sing in the morning'
b'yes gorgeous guy i am really sorry to here that you and your girlfriend broke up.'
b'yes loudly crying face he bad af i can not wait until he start school'
b'yes i can! all locations! you do a good job of making things the same at all locations.'
b'yes i love being ignored, please, keep ignoring me all the time, do not do me the honor of responding to me just now'
b'yes i am aware my face is still covered in hives but thanks for letting me know'
b'yes im fine'
b'yes im going to be the girl with the huge bun in the front row. sorry im obstructing your view'
b'yes, iphone autocorrect, i did mean to type " ducking hospital ". unamused face'
b"yes it's almost 6am and i am still awake. and what's worse i think our house internet has been cut off. just great."
b'yes it\'s that " efing " time of year again!'
b'yes jayde, i did get that ohio state blanket just for you expressionless face'
b'yes love being wide awake when i could be sleeping.'
b'yes mom i know my room is a mess its a metaphor for my life im trying to be poetic'
b'yes mr. amdahl i would love to waste my homeroom reading...'
b'yes, netflix, i want to watch a christmas kiss in the middle a freaking september'
b'yes not all men are jerks and feminism is not about hating men we love the men of our lives, our daddy, our'
b"yes! perfect! i love when you're scheduling and all the classes you need fall in the same time frames on the same day! beautiful!"
b"yes please keep ignoring me... that's great smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"yes.. please stalk me so i know you're an insecure little bitch."
b'yessss the people upstairs are just sounding like they are having the most life changing sex, so happy for them...'
b'yes stairs + not being able to breathe = one happy ginger face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'yes teacher, i could have done my homework last night. i also could have murdered ur family last night. lets be ok with the fact i did neither'
b"yesterday : i'll start tomorrow today : tomorrow tomorrow : tomorrow 10 years later : tomorrow"
b'yesterday i saw something that reminded me of you. i almost stepped in it!'
b"yesterday, passport office said new one was in post. today they tell me they've just received application - twice!"
b'yesterday : tired today : tired tomorrow : tired next week : tired next month : tired next year : tired next life : tired'
b'yesterday was so fun having other nursing majors take my heart rate temperature and blood pressure. we are getting there slowly'
b'yes thanks piss me off even more than i already was'
b"yes, that's definitely something i would be proud of too.."
b'yes! the internet is so good! 3 kbps... my phone is gonna be in lockdown for a whole day cause of it. updating to ios8'
b'yes the mature thing is to delete everything and not say a word about it'
b'ygs 100 tomorrow! so excited to wake up 4 once'
b"yiayia keeps saying her eyes are raining because they're watering from her surgery"
b'yo fellas how did that " wow " comment you left on that girls facebook picture play out'
b"yogi's unite! i have a fantastic restorative class for you tonight. getting deep into those inner tissues of the"
b'yo if ur still trippin about likes on insta ur a fag and you need to grow up theres more important things in life you should be worried about'
b'yo i miss my san antonio peeps. i missed a mike party cool'
b'yeah chilling in your ever so busy shop got time to be on do not you have overpriced trainers to sell'
b'yolo? good thing you told me this, i thought we all live twice.'
b'i literally read your tweet and then go surprise when i saw it raining face with tears of joy'
b'good i can use " i am about to graduate nursing school & i would like to learn korean to connect with my patients on a personal'
b'yoooooo i did itt. was totally the easiest thing ever lol'
b'yoooo you really funny as hell dude face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i love pissin you off its so easy, but you got dat geometry orrr'
b"you ain't cleaning your room, until you stumble upon a photo that makes you think eac and eveyr decision in life! smile"
b'you already know, gang gang gang, squad squad " dumb ass annoying mfs think saying that is cute or something, shut the fuck up face with tears of joy'
b'you also get entered to win a amazon gift card just for signing up at that link \xf0\x9f\x99\x8c\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b'you always find a way to... piss me off. thanks unamused face'
b'smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f you an amazing swimmer and i miss working with you over the summer and we need to get the gang together and all go do something \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"you and jose are real cute \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d, you make me laugh because you're dumb af"
b'you are all here on social media complaining about your life and someone somewhere is craving to gain your attention.'
b'you are cordially invited to see a mediocre band that some dude who\'s kind of your friend plays in. " - facebook'
b'you are hilarious unamused face'
b'you are in high school do not run around in the rain and get soaking wet'
b'you are just cold blood killers... in my name'
b'you are just so cool \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you are like so cool.'
b'you are my past. you can not be my present. and will never be my future..'
b'you are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x92\xaf; you are one of my best pals! you piss me off sometimes but i probably would not be passing w/o you sooo thanks! face with tears of joy'
b"you are one of the most genuine people i've ever met in my life i am so glad i could call you my friend and you're my bitch so smiling face with sunglasses"
b'you are tend to make mistakes in love but irony is you can not stop loving. and then you are left alone coz other person is unaware.'
b'you are the father!'
b'you are what you eat " i do not remember eating a huge disappointment'
b'you assume i give a fuck? cute.'
b"you can call me a bitch lmao idgaf cus i am the bitch that you're losing sleep over face with stuck out tongue and winking eye mad ass"
b'you can delete your post but you can not delete the screenshot i sent my best friend'
b'you can drink a drink, but you can not food a food.'
b'you can just tell the news reporters covering the one direction concert are really happy with their career choices.'
b'you can never go hungry at the beach because of all the sand which is there'
b'you can never win arguing w/these idiots. its just spoiling your time and efforts. the best treatment for them is to ignore/block.'
b"you can pretend we're strangers, but i've seen you naked before."
b"you can pretty much text anything as long as you put a happy face emoticon afterwards. you're a slut smile"
b'you can say anything as long as you put a smiley after it, look : " do not talk to me ever again smile "'
b'you can see the love in her eyes smile \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'you can sleep another half hour, i\'ll take you to college " mum is the real mvp'
b'you can not be best friends without insulting each other constantly.'
b'you be with every1 cos all people will you'
b'you can not dress like a slut and expect a guy to approach you like a princess.'
b"you can tell a lot about a woman's mood just by her hands. for example, if she is holding a gun she's probably angry."
b"you can tell a man's age by how close their socks are to their knees."
b'you can tell everything you need to know about a person by their average corn chip to salsa ratio.'
b'you can tell how crazy a girl is by how many hashtags she puts on an instagram picture.'
b'you can tell how old someone is by what part of the chex mix is their favorite.'
b'you can tell the loves me'
b'you can not even trust the ones you wanna trust nowadays tbh'
b'you cant just skip to your favorite part of a song you have to earn it'
b"you can not just use me, then ignore me, then come back when you need me. that's not how it works."
b'you can not please everyone, so you might as well just concentrate on me.'
b'you can not say you worked for everything you have when your parents literally have you everything lmao raised hand'
b"you can not stop a person from doing what they want to do. they'll start lying to you to continue doing it."
b"you can vote here until midnight tonight to help jacksonville's new bridge middle win a stem lab"
b'you cared so much.. pensive face'
b"you consider me as one of your i'll consider you non -existent..."
b'you could call me at 2am and i wouldnt mind but if you call me at 7am in the morning i will rip your insides out'
b'you could give me 45 years to do homework and i still would not do it until the night before.'
b"you could literally pick me up and run your errands and i'd enjoy myself, i am just chillin. anything is better than doing nothing."
b"you couldn't piss me off any more rn. like thanks for pointing out the obvious... question still not answered"
b"you could take 15 mins to reply and i'd still reply in 3 seconds, lol why am i like this"
b'you cute but are you trying to grow with me or waste my time'
b"you deserve someone who is obsessed with you... anything less just isn't worth your time"
b'you deserve the best friend of year award'
b"you deserve to be with someone who looks at you every single day like they've won the lottery and have the whole world in front of them."
b'you\'d make a really cool ghost! " is a new positive spin on " kill yourself.'
b"you do every body else's paper and make me last!"
b"you do know that nbc news is not a reliable source. it's canned. throw it in the can, cook for hours and then spew across table."
b'you done been good, but you can do better. i done wet, but i can get wetter.'
b"you do not continuously hurt someone you say you love. i'd rather be left alone."
b'you do not have to agree with every detail of a person or place in order to love them/it.'
b'you do not have to be good enough for anyone but yourself. and the right people are gonna love you the way you are'
b'you do not have to be vulnerable to enjoy love you can keep your guard up and still be happy with someone'
b'you do not have to know someone to fall in love with them'
b"you do not have to love me if you do not wanna, do not act like i mean nothing if you're gonna"
b"you do not have to love working out to be healthy. look at the example you're setting for your kids. they watch you and see more than you think"
b'you dont know embarrassment until you have to wear science goggles over your glasses'
b"you do not know pain unless you've tied your hair with a rubberband and then tried to take it out."
b'you do not need a perfect relationship. all you need is someone who loves your weirdness, wants to spend time with you and respects you.'
b'you do not need people in your life who only pretend like you matter the one day and act like you dont even exist the next day \xf0\x9f\x96\x95\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b"you do not need to absorb the bad things going on. you need to focus on how you're going to vibrate higher. let's shift. let's love."
b'you do not need to be better than anyone else, you just need to be better than you used to be.'
b'you do not need to be stressed! " okay but consider this : i am'
b'you do not need to compare me with others, i know my imperfections.'
b'you do not own a dog? sorry i can not come over i am busy today'
b'you do not really know someone until you get ridiculously drunk with them.'
b"you'd think i was wanted for murder or something by the way i react when someone rings the doorbell unamused face"
b"you'd think since i've taken calc 3 i'd be ballin in physics 1..."
b"you'd think the people in front of me at this self-checkout were trying to operate a nuclear reactor"
b"you either like me or you don't. it took me years to learn how to love myself, i do not have that kinda time to convince somebody else."
b'you ever called someone hoping they will not answer? just so you can say " i called but you never answered " face with tears of joy'
b'you ever just want to come home and stuff your face but no food is made so you have to wait'
b"you ever lied so much on a resume, you're actually shocked that they gave you the job? i mean look at me, do i look like an astronaut?"
b'you ever meet someone that makes you really happy it never worked with anyone else'
b'you ever see someone in the gym so hot, that you can not even remember what exercise you were doing?'
b'you explain things so great...'
b'you feel so sleepy, it literally dulls your brain. then you get a chance to sleep & you tweet.'
b'you gave him the drawls? gonna sleep so great tonight... cause last night weary face weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. lol'
b'you get so mad like when you hate things you hate things and you know it it\'s so funny "'
b'you go down for me. you lay down and do the time for me. sorry boo. yeah, i lie to you but do not you lie to me.'
b'you gotta date someone you can have fun at a grocery store with'
b'you guys the doctors are as curious as you are about hunt and riggs. the rumors and speculation = chuckles.'
b'you had me at " hello " and you lost me at " i think your friend is cute "'
b'you had time to do your homework all weekend " bitch i work more hours a week than you do. think i got time for that? suck a fat dick.'
b'you hate me? hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i hate you too smile'
b'you hate me? well okay, grab a chair and wait for me to care.'
b'you have 9 homework assignments due for my class by next monday but have an awesome thanksgiving break "'
b'you have no idea how hard it is scheduling vacations to coincide with conventions for the blind just so i can avoid hotel fees for my dog.'
b'you have not replied in three minutes what did i do why do you hate me'
b'you havent seen a woman overreact until you tell her she is overreacting'
b'you have taken away my best friend of 6 years... you should feel acomplished.'
b'you have to wonder... the guy who discovered milk, what was he doing to that cow?'
b'you is broke you is tired you is a college student'
b'you just fucked up everything. fucking thanks you jealous fucktard'
b'you just keep doing everything you can go piss me off.! thanks sleeping face'
b'you just love starting arguments and not being able to finish them do not you'
b'you kids nowadays are so lucky. in my day we only had front facing cameras. very hard to take a selfie.'
b'you kinda had to be there. " = " i never should have told this story and i realize that now. please forgive me.'
b'you know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.'
b'you know how much i love my job because it is easy to find jerks everywhere... so i always go there is one, oops another one, oh well'
b'you know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?'
b"you know i am comfortable with you when : i am weird with you i sing whatever song comes into my mind i say what's on my mind i talk nonsense."
b"you know it's a good pt when your feet are bleeding."
b'you know it\'s bad when your very first thought of the morning is " i can not wait to take a nap after school "'
b'you know its cold outside when you go outside and its cold'
b"you know it's going to be a good weekend when you're projected to suck beyond belief in fantasy"
b'you know it\'s going to be a great story when its starts off with " so this bitch... "'
b"you know, it's not really bad to spread a positive vibes, it's kinda fun somehow"
b"you know it's true love when my kitty wants to cuddle & i do too but she makes me sneeze like crazy but i still cuddle"
b"you know it's way past your bed time when the 1 -800 -dial -a -hoe commercials come on."
b'you know, i would probably learn chemistry for fun if college did not make it mandatory and compacted. cramming and stressing kinda ruined it'
b"you know nothing about a woman until she's drunk and mad at you"
b"you know that greener grass you see over there? you do realize it's because they fertilize it with bull sh*t right?"
b"you know that nervous feeling you get every time you're about to slide your debit card? and then the joy you feel when it says approved"
b"you know that thing called sleep.. yeah that thing where you're knocked out for a few hours... can i have some of that? it would be great"
b"you know that thing when you're in a hotel but someone is blasting music when you're trying to rest? yeah."
b'you know the fun part of your life is over when people around you are getting pregnant on purpose.'
b'you know what a great feeling is? getting the exfoliating beads from face wash in your eye.'
b'you know what i love doing? rehashing old arguments.'
b'you know what i love? when i am happily working at my computer and the browser says, " hes dead jim " and promptly shuts down.'
b"you know what is fun? waking up to discover your entire body is covered in hives & knowing it's almost certainly from stress"
b"you know what's weird? we see ourselves everyday in the mirror but we do not see ourselves grow up or change."
b'you know what " tuna sub? says backwards? what i am going to do on your face.'
b'you know what we say to sleep?'
b'you know what would be great. if i did not have to take a standardized test to get back into school.'
b'you know what would be great? sleep guess what i can not do, like, ever? sleep'
b'you know what would make your face look better? (what?) my legs wrapped around it.'
b'you know when someone catches you off guard and you say hello in a weird way and you replay it in your head for the rest of your life'
b'you know when you blank me it makes me feel fucking awesome?'
b'you know when you plan an outfit in your head all week then you try it on and you look like trash'
b'you know who are the real true friends when you ask for help, they will not hesitate to help you'
b'you know who is ugly? look at the first word'
b'you know you are hopeless when you ask a blind girl out, and she replies " no, i am seeing someone else. "'
b'you know you had an awesome night when you need sunglasses to get food out the fridge.'
b"you know you look rough when the cashier at tesco asks you if you've been involved in a car crash!"
b'you know you love your work when you go there on your day off.. face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'you know you need a break from school once you start spelling your name wrong'
b'you know you need to get a life when you even dream in texts.'
b'you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch, and wake up on the couch.'
b"you know you're all grown up when you actually pick up the ice cube instead of kick it under the fridge."
b'you know you really love someone when you snorkel with them'
b'you know you\'re an alcoholic when you type " wish you were here. " and your phone autocorrects it to " wish you were beer. "'
b"you know you're desperate for an answer when you look on the second page of google."
b"you know you're drunk when getting from the living room to the bathroom to piss is a long ass journey."
b"you know you're fucked when those late night thoughts start hitting you in the middle of the day"
b"you know you're getting old when cops make you feel safe instead of nervous."
b"you know you're lazy when you get excited about cancelled plans."
b"you know you're sleep deprived when you realize you only shaved one leg after you get out the shower"
b'when you have to think twice before riding a bicycle.'
b"you know you're ugly when you call yourself ugly and no one disagrees with you."
b'you know your life is great when your 45 working at mcdonalds face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"you know your loved when your dad forgets it's your birthday"
b'you know your out of it when you got out the shower 20 minutes ago and you realize you only shaved one leg. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"you know you've found the one when they do not mind if you fart in front of them. which is why no one on this elevator can be my girlfriend."
b'you know you\'ve won the argument when the other person responds with " whatever... "'
b"you'll be great all day but who's going to be laying beside you, holding you at 4am when you can not sleep?"
b"you'll end up real disappointed if you grow up thinking everyone has the same heart as you do"
b"you'll end up really disappointed if you think people will do to you what you'd do for them."
b"you'll never know the value of a moment until becomes a memory."
b'you long dicking grandmothers? " face with tears of joy " you dry humping grandfathers? " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'you make me strong'
b'you make me wanna slit my wrists and play in my own blood, you make me wanna kill myself just for the fucking fun.'
b"you matter because you're a matter."
b'you matter. unless you multiply yourself by the speed of light squared. then you energy.'
b'you may have a hot body but i have a hot bucket of fried chicken so whos the real winner here'
b'you may have been brushing your teeth wrong for your entire life'
b'you may love the wrong person, cry for the wrong reason. but one thing is sure ; mistakes help us to find the right person.'
b'you mean so much to me. i wish i meant as much to you.'
b'you mean " the puke "...'
b'you might be a truck guy if... your girlfriend\'s name in your phone is " virginity delete kit ".'
b'you might find pleasure in making out or getting laid but there would never be anything sexier than bunking college after the break.'
b"you must be a math problem because you're difficult and annoying."
b'you must be so proud of how good a student you are.'
b"you must have been born on a highway, cause that's where most accidents happen."
b'you need to smile more " well, you need to shut the fuck up'
b'you never fail to piss me off somehow. thanks.'
b'you never realize how boring your life is until someone asks what you like to do for fun'
b'you never realize how much you love sleeping until you have to wake up in the morning'
b'you never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.'
b'you never truly know a co-worker, till you see how they react to a paper-jammed copy machine.'
b'i love having to tweet stuff for classes "'
b'you open and close the fridge 3 times in a row thinking something tasty will appear next time?'
b'you piss me off but i am tryna be a nice person so i think you need to move to antarctica and get the fuck away from me. thanks smile'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x94\xa5 - you piss me off sometimes but i really do love you and thanks for always being there for me.'
b"you probably shouldn't tweet sappy lyrics about your boyfriend when he was literally with me like last week..."
b'you put up a good run face with tears of joy'
b'your an absolute cunt... you and everyone else smile'
b'your bra strap is showing " oh no no one can know that i, a teenage female, is wearing a bra someone call victoria cause her secret\'s out'
b'your call is very important to us. please enjoy this 20 minute flute solo.'
b'your completely random insertion of just one spanish word into a joke is tearing this familia apart.'
b'your cool for that subtweet.'
b"you're a disney princess who is just currently in the sad part of her feature film. it's going to be okay."
b"South Sudan you're a fun person to be around but we do not talk much besides chemistry"
b'you\'re a girl so act like one ". oh, i am sorry. i did not realize my vagina came with a terms and conditions manual.'
b'you really get to know yourself after a month of being cooped up in a house against your own will.'
b'you really losing if you let your girl go to sleep mad...'
b'you really want to piss me off this morning? thanks. pouting face'
b"you're almost as irrelevant as the t in the word tsunami"
b'you\'re always on your phone " well you\'re always on my nerves'
b"you're a racist bitch. they have everything to lose with you."
b"you're at starbucks? please post pictures of your coffee, i've never seen one before."
b"you're a whore. you have no right to be saying that sex is about connection because you literally fucked someones boyfriend."
b'you\'re boring " lmao nahhh i am just not interested in you so i do not see the point of me entertaining you'
b"you're boyfriend or girlfriend should never feel like their in competition with someone else"
b'\'you\'re cute when you\'re mad. " " yeah well i am about to get real fucking adorable. "'
b"you're either part of the solution or you're one of my coworkers."
b"you're fucking stupid. it's just going to get canceled. thanks for wasting our time."
b'you\'re literally worse than isis if you disagree with me. " -internet talk yes, this is from real " argument " on the internet.'
b'you remind me of santa in that you work about one day a year and spend the other 364 days judging.'
b"you're not stupid... you just have really bad luck when you think."
b"you're right, strange woman giving me your opinion on having tattoos. i regret them right now because they caused you to talk to me."
b"you're right, you did not ask that guy for a dick pic, but nobody asked for hundreds of pictures of your face either."
b"you're so much better than a -rod at concealing your drug use on the job."
b"you're so ugly, that when your mom dropped you off at school she got a ticket for littering."
b"you're such a burnt out zombie, you always suck out all the fun."
b"you're such a great friend unamused face"
b"you're the first person i want to talk to when i wake up and the last person i wish to see before i fall asleep."
b'your family is great... you pick them well'
b'your first piece, and it already starts with lies and slander. good job.'
b"your girl using your phone is like a cop trailing you. even if you're innocent, you still feel like you got a kilo of blow in the trunk."
b'your joy is they poison your suffering they supper'
b'your life is messed up already and you can not bear a running app in your android phone.'
b'your mad fun to talk too'
b'your mcm does not need to be your boyfriend every week.. we already know you sucking his dick'
b'your necklace hanging from my neck the night we couldnt quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could dance'
b'your nose is connected to the memory center of your brain. that\'s why smells can trigger powerful memories. "'
b'your not supposed to call someone out on their tweets! \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d'
b'your perfect relationship is over? did not see that one coming.'
b'your phone is fine its only that it had lost its virginity shut the hell up'
b'your heavy black heart pumps (on avg ) 5l of blood in 1 minute'
b"your pussy is wet but your personality is dry... that's why niggas hit and leave you."
b'your rambling, incoherent political facebook post has helped me see the error of my ways.'
b"your reputation in high school does not matter once you graduate anyways so why spend 4 years trying to impress people you'll never see again"
b'your screenshots of text message conversations tell me :1. you have a great sense of humor 2. to never trust you'
b"your secrets are safe with me because chances are i wasn't listening."
b"your snapchat story isn't even a thing until your crush has watched it"
b'your talent is being the human version of a fucking headache'
b'your voicemail will be ignored in the order in which it was received. beep.'
b'your wcw lost her virginity back then, cos of just bb phone'
b"you said you'd stay committed 2 the relationship if everything is good but the sex was horrible with no chance of getting better!"
b"you seem pretty scared of catching the flu for someone who's not remotely scared of catching stds."
b'you seriously need to grow up!... and other things i yelled at my kid while i ate star wars mac n cheese for dinner.'
b"you should always choose b ) on multiple choice tests because it looks like a cool sunglasses face. that guy knows what he's talking about."
b'you should be able to park in an " expecting mother " parking space if you\'re waiting for your mom.'
b'you should have opened your eyes i was crazy for you'
b'you should just fall in love with me already. so i can immediately lose interest and we can both move on with our lives.'
b"you shouldn't compare yourself with others, because no one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you."
b'you should talk more! " me :*tries to talk* - gets ignored - gets interrupted - gets talked over - no one pays attention - no one cares'
b'you should think that a student driver stops when you go to the other side of the street'
b'you smell like old people. " just love hearing that from the hubby.'
b"you spend a lot of money because you have a lot of money, but then you realize how much more it'd be if you cut everything off."
b'you spend the first two years teaching your children to walk and talk and the next sixteen telling them to sit down and shut up.'
b'you still make me smile. even if you are the main reason why i am sad.'
b'you sure know how to treat a girl'
b'you taking a real long time to text back'
b'you text him, he does not text back. he was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.'
b'you text me i respond in 15 seconds then apparently you die of excitement because 2 hours later i am still waiting for a response'
b"you think it's all fun and games until you're a senior and you suddenly have to make 729736 life decisions and it's just real hard man"
b"you think i would've burnt out by now, but i am having more fun doing pods than i have in years."
b"you think your life is hard? just think, there's a turtle out there that has been flipped on its back and can not get up. fuck your problems"
b'you : time to start this homework *four hours later* you : time to start this homework'
b'you took my daughters virginity! " " i am sorry sir. it will not happen again.'
b'you traded in your iphone 4 for an extra half inch? hope your girlfriend does not do the same.'
b'enough punishment in itself and no one should ever have to go through that again.'
b"i do not understand the new youtube rules kid's do not need to hide from bad language some i am sorry but it needs to be said"
b"if your platforms dosen't tolerate free speech and sarcasm, everybody should leave you behind a d find someone else less salty."
b'i would be fucking homeless if i had quit my job to do this!'
b'just finished watching "ungrip". highly recommended viewing for everyone who has the desire to be truly "free"'
b'i fucc wit you for hitting that shot at like 40 seconds'
b'thanks for ruining the best video streaming media online you really fucked this one up! aw crap, i guess i will not make on this tweet'
b"that or you'll realize how stupid a decision this was and try to get rid of it in a week or so. what does vevo think of all this?"
b"there's free porn you can watch it for free if google do not know what you're age"
b'you\'ve changed "... no, i think the proper term is " i\'ve stopped trying to please your ass.'
b"you've got higher grades than mine, not because you're smarter than me, but because i am lazier than you."
b"you've got roughly. 003 seconds after the cashier gives you your change to clear out before the person behind you wants to set you on fire"
b'you wanna be tied down, always have to answer to someone, and not even be able to look at the other gender? get into a relationship!'
b'you wanna see a perfect relationship? watch a movie.'
b'you wear that shirt a lot " yes because i own it'
b'you were my cup of tea but i drink champagne now'
b'you wish your were the topic...'
b'yum, i love toilet water'
b"i'd have to find someone who's good at both crisp lines and colourful tats on dark skin"
b'well the parent was concerned like me, but barella was upset i did not handle it like an adult & come to her about it lmao'
b'yup. do not i just feel awesome.'
b"yup, i am a jumper if i want it im goin for it.. trying isn't an option"
b'tpab has no reply value at all. his last album was disappointing bc you can not enjoy it. except alright i can not bump anything'
b'sometimes i wish you would babysit my vagina. can not wait to get back on the road'
b'at all, if somebody says that he is an'
b'go and translate the tweet i tweeted just before this one. you need to know.. you are the "he"'
b'i could see the makeup artists giving you an asian type look. omg it b hot. screw mary jane'
b"slvr... that's great name face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'he is the fag we need but not the fag we deserve right now.'
b'zuma sounding like kanye west right now trying to explain the difference between socialism and capitalism'
b'so true. students - stick around and have fun at the game. then go home to screaming family and burnt turkey!'
