b'being sore is the best and the worst feeling in the world'
b'expecting is my favorite crime and disappointment is always my punishment.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8e\xf0\x9f\x98\x8e disappointed but relieved face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday to me. yay.'
b'late nights early mornings hmmm & i say thank yooooooo kissing face with closed eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'late nights, early mornings is how i live my life.'
b'late nights early mornings smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss'
b'late nights early mornings, thank god for another day'
b"late nights early mornings that's how much i want it."
b'late nights, early mornings weary face weary face weary face'
b"05:35am & i've better gonna back 2 sleep now. last half hour ago i had annoying dream about my ex. why the hell i dream about guy i hate!?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'100% failed both physics exams great'
b"100% gonna have to go out for tea tonight because i'll either burn the house down or give myself food poisoning if i make it myself confused face"
b'10/10 thanks for replying'
b'102 out of 100 on an exam is a great thing to see'
b'cant wait to hear you talk about the nfl problems. dying to hear what you think about it!'
b'105 degrees and a drought. i really do not know why i do not love socal face with tears of joy'
b"10 days until grey's anatomy comes back on. i am on season 3.. i think i can catch up in time hahah"
b'10 hours of clinicals & i still did not wanna leave today. i am so ready to be working in the hospital doing what i love smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'11 days till i finally get to go to :))'
b'11 hour shift tomorrow on my day off... love that'
b'11 months with this perfect guy \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb, happy we get through things and become a stronger relationship bear face'
b'11 pm : i think i might go to bed early tonight 3 am : lol'
b'120 seconds into the fault within our stars, shits going to be real uplifting.'
b'ahhhh have fun baby girl do not do too many drugs 333'
b'12 hour play rehearsals every day are so much fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'1/2 received a text from a company i applied to a long time ago inviting me for an exam and initial interview. wanted to make things sure, i'
b'12 year old conversation : hey hey wats up nm wbu same cool so who do you like you oh ok do you like me yea lets date ok ily ily2'
b'12 years of school and i am still not sure if it\'s " grey " or " gray "'
b'13 hour day at school, i can finally sleep know since i got home about 1 and a half hour ago, good night'
b'algebra got the best of me'
b'15. 6 years in jail is a fair term & i am glad he will now be used as a jailhouse bitch or pin cushion. i just feel sorry for the kids.'
b'180 minute state exam is just what i wanna do today'
b"but he's a gunner do not you know"
b"i miss you more.. i've been working so much.. i have not had a day off since last wednesday.."
b'1998: stop playing pokemon and go outside 2016: stop playing pokemon and come inside'
b'1% battery left and you run like a ninja to get your charger.'
b'1 class cancelled. in my only other class i am watching a movie.'
b'1 class next week, 4 papers and presentations, one week, finals and done for a month! i cant wait'
b'1d is fixing to kill me smiling face with heart shaped eyes they are gonna perform love you goodbye on ellen god my faves and my favorite song'
b'1. go to police station 2. say a gang mugged you 3. describe your own relatives to police sketch artist 4. claim free family portrait'
b'1 hour and 15 minute experiment after class smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"1 hour nap turned into a 2 and a half hour nap... did not get a legit amount of sleep last night, s/o to my body you know what's good 4 me lmao"
b"1 in 5 bosses will let you leave work early if you claim to have 'lady problems ' then start crying. it works even better for guys!"
b'such a nice thing to say!'
b'hey last tweet 4 a few days.. things getting busy. so be safe be careful be well have a great weekend ;-):-) enjoy family time.'
b'1st road test passed.. on to the next one tuesday another great team win 14 assists. beast game by nae!'
b"1. this weekend has turned my life upside down 2. i just realized finals are in like 2 weeks & i still do not know what's going on 3. i suck"
b"1 time at the beach a guy was swimming in the ocean yelling 'help! shark! help! '. i just laughed, i knew that shark was not going to help him"
b'1. woman from mark zuckerberg has coused a lot of pain, becouse she has given to me a lot of poison into food and is destroing my hair too'
b'2004: fear that people of the internet find me in real life. 2013: fear that real life people find me on the internet.'
b'did not you say you were going to sleep like a half hour ago.'
b"2013 is almost over and -i lost no weight-didn't learn anything-haven't made an effort to save money-still ugly"
b'2014 is in 1 month and i still write 2012 on my school papers.'
b'2014 is so close i can almost taste the lips i will not be kissing on new years eve'
b'208 books are on my to-read list right now. i should not add anything else until i get that list under 200.'
b'20 minutes of laundry at 1 am. awesome'
b"2 1/2 gym session went fantastic... i love that feeling when you feel like you're gonna faint and throw up from how hard you push yourself"
b'2 + 2 = fish. 3 + 3 = eight. 7 + 7 = triangle. rt if you get it!'
b"dollars for a drake ticket? just hold on we're staying home"
b'25km cycle back from dropping car for a service, need to do lots of then woohoo! actually love it no'
b'26 and my mama sits on the phone with me while i whimper about being covered in hives.'
b'2 computers singing mj while playing 6 tables. caught in the act lol. i am such a good singer you guys...'
b'2 days is just not enough for a weekend. unamused face'
b'2 fantastic awards evenings at g &w for the class of 2015. good luck and best wishes to them all'
b'2 headphones in : dont talk to me 1 headphone in : dont talk to me no headphones in : dont talk to me'
b'2 hours later... an hour is added! excellent'
b'2 hours of sleep'
b'2 minutes feels like 500 thousand years to wait for the damn bell to ring so i can get the fuck out of school'
b'2 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter.'
b'2 months till exams, woohoo'
b'2 people already had dreams about death related to my little sister.'
b'2 reasons why im fat 1) i eat when i am bored 2) im always bored'
b"2 second picture break up on reporting scotland when the yes guy is speaking... bbc's fault no doubt they are ruining democracy..."
b'2 stubborn people = arguments 24/7 face without mouth'
b'2 tests, microbiology lab final, 1 research paper, plus hours of homework all due in the same week good'
b'2 years later and bangerz is still relatable to my life \xf0\x9f\x94\xa5\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b"2 years to wait for something like this again... but it's worth it"
b'30am fire drill was just wonderful. unamused face'
b'30am then realizing its tonight and leaves in 30 minutes'
b'30 freezer meal ideas for busy moms | great idea for making dinner time easier!'
b'30 people were arrested at an aerosmith concert in 1978 for smoking and drug possession - the band bailed all of them out after the show.'
b'3 -11 shift is my love'
b"3 12-hours shift i need that he'll i would fucking love that! let me get it please"
b'31 - gladwin with nice some nice play across the top of the box, threatening at the moment.'
b"well that's going to get you what you want."
b"3 bad days in a row... body you're doing great"
b'3 benchmarks tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thats like me being a hero, for saving a baby, from a fire that i intentionally set'
b'3 essays, 2 due next week pensive face each about 1000 words.'
b'3 essays due and 2 tests tomorrow... gotta love being in college'
b'3 horrible facts : today is not friday tomorrow is not friday the day after is not friday'
b'3 horrible things in life :1) seeing your mom cry. 2) seeing the love of your life fall in love with somebody else. 3) slow internet.'
b'3 hour drawing class is exactly where i want to be right now...'
b'3 hour game design class... good'
b'3 hour lab... ye thats what i want to do right now...'
b'3 hours is reasonable'
b'3 hours of doing nothing before work sounds great'
b'3 hours till my birthday and i am stuck babysitting and my family is no where to be found'
b'3 lab reports, 4 quizzes, 2 worksheets, and 2 exams! all in the past 48 hours... tell me again not to get faded tonight sleeping face'
b'thinks i am copying her tweets..'
b'3 papers due this week lml smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'3 rules for life :1. fuck 2. do not give a fuck 3. do not get fucked over'
b'3 tests and 2 quizzes tomorrow in exchange for a week break from school good'
b'3 years ago today was actually thanksgiving. how fucked up is that? thanks obama!'
b'420 -247: premokid : off my old camera so look kinda pants so i... - or'
b'48 degrees right now i been sick since other night -- think time to move south again sis! happy ((('
b'49% of this class failed the exam. " that\'s how great of a math professor i have.'
b"4 hours of sleep is enough for an entire busy day tomorrow yeahhh i'll survive"
b'4hrs of sleep how great is that?! ha unamused face *note the sarcasm'
b'4hrs of sleeping'
b'4 hrs sleep and i am up & raring to go \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1 sleeping face'
b'4 more days before payday.'
b"4 o 'clock and i am laying in bed blasting music so yeah... incase anybody wanted to know how boring my life is"
b'4 sme rain means badness, iv me rain has always symbolized great things ahead so i wanna thank you god early evn if this time ive misspoken'
b'4 subjects to go and i will leave this school smiling face with heart shaped eyes good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'levi stadium " everybody " wanna go in there but they'
b'i have not received it up front yet though. i just did not get the advance yet just like cut me out as producer on...'
b'i put in nada they put in dolla$ heres ma litter &fill it up 100 i put in zero they put in 100s ha i jus fill her upp'
b'50 shades of done with your bullshit'
b'5 1/2 hours of sleep, sure i am ready for a 6am practice'
b'5-1 is the final result. this side is something special! their free flowing football is an absolute work of art!'
b'520 million dogs in the world and you think i need you lol'
b"52% of people are women... that means my penis is larger than over half of earth's population. things just keep getting better."
b'54 degrees outside and we have the doors in our office.'
b'57 days " party in the usa \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'5 and half hour of sleep left oh no my end is near : " -( need to get more sleep man'
b"5c and rain does not make good weather for work or cycling. what can you do when it's like that?!?!"
b'5 classes and 17 units good for spring'
b"5 doctors line up behind a blue sheet. what's hidden behind? i can not stop smiling!"
b'5 hour exam tomorrow and i can barely breathe out my nostrils and i cough constantly for about 5 minutes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes can not wait'
b'5 hours of sleep.'
b'5 indian women die per hour in childbirth according to who and we really needed our prime minister on world tour for its solution.'
b'5 kinds of fear : - panic - terror - 15 missed calls from mom - wrong password - we need to talk'
b'5 min before you leave for a meeting. and you grab the hairspray bottle instead of dry shampoo.'
b'5 minutes until i get off work... perfect time to try out the fire alarm system.'
b"5% of girls can pull off highwasted shorts the other 95% look like they're wearing a damn diaper"
b'5 period is my fav face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'5pm & closing down my laptop is the perfect time for 13 updates to take place. no inconvenience at all'
b'5 showers later and i am still covered in hives. maybe i am allergic to myself.'
b"me too sad i am trying to not really think about it lol. i hope so too! go have fun for us that couldn't make it haha!"
b'5sos should make a live album for sgfg and name is sounds live feels live like the tour bc i need a live album omfg 5sos'
b'omg i was the 3 thousandth retweet, i deserve a follow smile'
b"even tho i can not even draw on my 3ds (it's so hard wthh ) i liked getting cute notes from my friends weary face & sending them dumb stuff heh"
b'5 words that win my heart : " wanna go out for breakfast? "'
b'5. yelled " hey i love myself and i dont need anybody else " once every 30 seconds 6. done the worst forrest gump impression i\'ve ever heard'
b'thanks for the sarcasm. lol. it was totally a better time back then.'
b'6. 15am. just got busted a new one by but still smiling lol'
b'69% of people are able to find something dirty in every sentence.'
b'6am came round way too fast. i sleeping is such a chore. unamused face'
b'6 days! less than a week! literally dancing with excitement'
b'6 hour wait in the city. loving it.'
b'70 abandoned old buildings.. left alone to die, halloween in ohio i love the upper floor with shutte'
b'74% of teenagers drink alcohol and do drugs. retweet if you like ice cream.'
b"yay. eddie davies isn't pouring any money into the club and we can not even get any loan players in right now."
b'7 billion people in the world and i have like 3 friends'
b"7o 'clock & it still takes 15 minutes to go 1 mile to exit i95?!?!? get the politics out of the way & fix these traffic issues!"
b'7th graders nowadays are worried about dating & drugs. when i was in 7th grade my main concern was how i was getting out of running the mile'
b"829 you're so adorable face with tears of joy you're so quiet in asb but just wait till i get back to school ans we are gonna be talking up a storm winking face face with tears of joy"
b'83 slides to study and memorize by wednesday yaaass i love college'
b'85 question math review to do over break! good'
b'888 casino surprise players with raining jackpots'
b'8 am classes on fridays next semester rip me'
b'8 am math classes are wonderful.'
b'8 and a half hour day at work on 3 hours sleep, 100% can not do this'
b'8 and a half hour shift tomorrow pensive face i hate working but i love money, and with no money, i can not buy the things i want loudly crying face'
b"8 more days of school then i get 2 months off good then i'll have more time to stalk (watch heaps of vids )"
b'90/100 on my seminar. pretty great for being such a busy week raised fist'
b'he better keep his mouth shut today.'
b'90% of conversations with me : me : who is that me : what are you talking about me : i do not know what that is me : wait what'
b'90% of the people in the " people you may know " feature on facebook are people that i know, but intentionally choose not to be friends with.'
b'90 problems in math due tomorrow and have not even started'
b'9:30 am on a thursday and i am done with class! perks of not having classes on fridays!'
b'930 on my birthday waiting for a met to go to theory test'
b"95% of the time when im smiling at my phone it's bc of something i said, not something someone sent me. im hilarious"
b"96% of scottish mp's voted against the bedroom tax yet it was still put forward. shows how fair the system is"
b"i'd give my right arm to see ac/dc here in atlanta"
b'98% of the cars rick ross mentions he has, he can not even fit in.'
b'99. 9% of my sentences start with oh my god yeah no basically wait so yeah like you know oh um what well but'
b'99% guys get turned on when they see two girls doing this.. check my last tweet and see for yourself.'
b'9am - 9pm work day done. round 2 tomorrow'
b'dorman and west ashley will be close as well... but a 9 beating an 8 is not really an upset... first-ever home p/o game for west ash'
b'9 match accy let down by celtic 1/10 and rangers 1/4 why why why'
b'9 months before i was born, i went to a party with my dad, and left with my mom.'
b'9 out of 10 doctors will agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.'
b'9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. the 10th man prefers the other 9 men.'
b'9 pm : i think i might go to bed early tonight 3 am : dammit! 7 am : ughhh school.. nooo one more minute in bed'
b'9 year olds now worry about iphones and makeup when i was 9 i was worried about if miley was gonna pick jake or jessie on hannah montana'
b'a14b : going to austin in august is essential. that chapter has simply exploded and i know it will be a great'
b'aaaaand breathe and attempt sleep and stop stressing over work you physically can not do and get off of twitter cody'
b'aaaaand so much for going to bed before 1:00 in the morning. i really need to get out of the habit of staying up so late.'
b'aaaah soo hot wow eish this weather thou interested face'
b'it was getting too dry anyway!'
b'1st you insult hindustan of intolerance & now you insult again by using sakshi name for selfish gain'
b'a walk of shame from the 24 hour computer lab grinning face with smiling eyes good me.'
b"aaron rodgers is okay, nothing to sneeze at... you all love calling these good qb's great & elite when they have not done anything yet"
b'a baby-sitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.'
b"a baby's laughter is one of the most beautiful sounds you will ever hear. unless it's 3am. and you're home alone. and you do not have a baby"
b'i love my friends'
b"i passed out last time i gave blood. it's wasn't fun face with tears of joy"
b'i just heard about that thing & met a couple that drove out of there today.'
b'i will till you a way for safe in nuclear test.'
b'police: man shot after several people kick in apartment door via'
b'said by the liar who covered for hillary and obama and spewed their lying benhazi talking points on tv never forget'
b'the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. dems never learn'
b'vote for me as your first female president but dont you dare address my gender.'
b'the obamas tell the world something: the black people can also be corrupt.'
b'what about its failure space research station soon it will tell'
b"he ain't a lil kid that man was working for summer jam ain't no kid get that job"
b'a beautiful face makes people love you. but a beautiful attitude is the one that will make them stay beside you.'
b'a bed designed like a toaster : it just launches your unwilling body out when the alarm goes.'
b"abercrombie & fitch is so dark and loud i do not know if they're selling clothing or the girls from taken."
b'wanna kiss then lick your asshole wet good then fill my dick inside with a hard spank mmmmmmmmmm'
b'a big shoutout to all those people who write answers in textbooks'
b'a big thanks to everyone who decided to piss me off today.. burn alive'
b'a body at rest tends to stay at rest " should be an acceptable excuse for missing work.'
b"about 69% of smokers want to quit completely. here's five ways they can"
b'about 8 days & im going to be whipping automobile face with stuck out tongue'
b'about to be a fun 3 days...'
b'about to board a flight to vegas and taking this plane...'
b'about to do a seminar. serious power point styles'
b'about to go babysit my favorite girls! can not wait to spend some much needed time with them!'
b'about to go to work on a test shoot for someone very special... winking face heavy black heart'
b'about to make up an entire essay good think i am creative smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'about to rip my contacts out and throw them on the floor. -today'
b"about to say, out loud, a word i've only seen in print. wish me luck."
b'about to start a petition to cancel school tomorrow for'
b'about to start this hair process sleepy face rain fucked my day all up'
b'abso love missing the bus'
b'absolute joke the lack of response i am getting from uni staff'
b'absolutely awesome can not wait for the album for christmas " cough cough " \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'absolutely delighted to still be awake at this hour.'
b'absolutely fantastic result'
b'absolutely in love with ppl that ignore me'
b'absolutely love being left to hang'
b'absolutely love being second choice to everybody! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'absolutely love being wide awake like'
b'absolutely love coming back to work - to a day of nothing but mtgs'
b'absolutely love waking up to the sound of the garbage truck out my window...'
b'absolutely loving how i am on a bad school id picture streak unamused face'
b'absolutely no one can text faster than a pissed off woman.'
b'absolutely perfect time to have a fire alarm'
b'absolutely perfect weather for a fire alarm to go off in the residence hall'
b'abt to study for this test & theeeen ima attempt to sleep the rest of the day smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'space problems : thought i was barely wet at all because the fit was so good and capacity so high. xd'
b'a bug flew in my nose and my mom is ttippin over mt everest. gee, i dont remember why i was dreading this day at all.'
b'a bunch of gay guys are in a hot tub and a condom floats up.. one of them says " alright! who farted?! "'
b"pretty wet one. you are brave cycling in all the wind and rain we've been having recently. hope all well with you."
b'a cancer will love you so much you wanna be left alone. lmfao'
b'a car with a car rack looked like a police car, so i slowed down, only to realize i had been tricked into obeying the law for no reason.'
b'accept your past without regrets. handle your present with confidence. face your future without fear.'
b'accidentally forgetting your headphones at home is like accidentally leaving your first born child at the gates of hell'
b'accidentally missed the freeway exit for home, now i am heading north to start a new life.'
b'accidentally punched myself in the face while tryin to pull my blanket up & if that doesnt accurately describe my life i dont know what does'
b"accidentally sending smile instead of smile and feeling like you've just offered them your body"
b'accidentally stepping on your pet is the worst thing ever. they trusted you & you stepped on them & they can not even understand your apology.'
b"according to astronomy, when you wish upon a star, you're actually a few million years too late. that star is dead. just like your dreams."
b'according to the 19 citations i got for trespassing and peeping, " neighborhood watch " isn\'t what i thought it was.'
b'according to the life plans i have set out, we have another 7 years to wait.'
b'according to webmd i have something called " your computer is not connected to the internet "'
b'accounting problems about tacos makes homework so much more fun!'
b'ac has to be the biggest party campuses in america'
b'i had a lot of fun with it when i homebrewed it but then i bricked the thing, lost all my saves, and it was never the same'
b"they're great though i love crash course. i used it to review for my ap bio exam face with tears of joy"
b'a cliffhanger is just like a regular hanger, except you have to... wait for it'
b'acne is so rude like hi bitch i did not ask you to invade my skin thanks though for being a piece of shit'
b"good luck with your new drummer then! i am sure he'll be loved."
b'a coke bottle just exploded and it just gushed water everywhere. on my laptop. and on my fucking sketchbook. life is great. life is great.'
b"a convenient thing about friending people from your high school on facebook is that you'll never need to buy a book of inspirational quotes"
b'a cop stopped me & asked " do you know why i followed you " so i said " because my tweets are funny " & we laughed & high-fived & i am in jail'
b'a coworker just told me i look tired and i said thanks and he was like that wasnt a compliment.. well that made my day so much better'
b"a creepy guy called me beautiful and asked for my number.. i said i wasn't looking for a boyfriend right now..."
b'you seem like a person who likes good music. you should give this a listen.'
b'activision fucked up big time. the new cod black ops 3 is disappointing to say the least. thanks for nothing.'
b'actors kiss each other for like 7 seasons and do not fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for like 4 months'
b'actually if you get in a argument just contact me ill do the arguing for you im the best at fights'
b'actually love arguments hahahahah'
b'actually love missing the bus'
b'actually using the cord that came with my phone...'
b'actual voice mail : " this is your mother. i just texted you but i do not know how to make the facey-things so... happy face at the end. "'
b"you know me so well it's sad"
b'i get all excited to wake up and then nada'
b'but like in ponr it would be like the cloaked phantom walking up to the microphone cool'
b'why would they go on hiatus if he did not do anything wrong? i do not get it!'
b'great to hear adam love his queen performance great to hear is solo work'
b"good luck this weekend! you suck bc i am currently in physics and you aren't weary face"
b'adding " and shit " to the end of any sentence makes it sound cooler and shit.'
b'adding to the fun i am completely covered in hives now unamused face'
b'add me on snapchat for really awkward snaps yay?'
b'adele : " are you breaking up with me? hold on, let me grab a pen. "'
b'adele gets her heart broken and writes a album. i get my heart broken and write a textl " i have your sunglasses. "'
b"nah do not think they'll help mate but thanks, nah i've just fucked up ha story of my life x"
b"adele holy i've been waiting for this for 4 years i love you"
b"adele's 25 album makes me wanna cry for the rest of my life, it's so beautiful i cant live like this so many feels i am done."
b'should you tour in us or need on in the uk i would love a chance to work for you as a nanny and assistant. excellent references cheers'
b'when we were young is so good and love in the dark im love'
b"a dick has a sad life : his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, & his owner beats him."
b'admit it, at least once in our life we have all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.'
b'admit it. sometimes, no matter how much you tell your heart you are over someone, your heart knows the truth.'
b'admit it, you care about someone who probably does not care about you.'
b"admit it... you've sat in class imagining how you would save the school if a gunman shows up."
b"admit it you've wore an outfit on sunday then wore it again on monday for college."
b'dock, you always know how to make my day better.'
b'adult : " do you know what college you want to go to yet? " me : [sweats nervously ] monsters university'
b'adult halloween costumes are literally just kid-sized costumes that are marketed as sexy'
b'adulthood is a constant question of " can i go to sleep yet? "'
b"adulthood is like the vet, and we're all the dogs that were excited for the car ride until we realized where we're going."
b'advance and vanquish by 3 inches of blood is a fun listen.'
b'aesthetic : being a dumb nerd but at least i am cute while doing it'
b"i killed a spider & it's dead carcass is underneath a plastic cup in my bathroom. it's literally been there for 2 weeks."
b'a fantastic afternoon at mudeford junior school. working with the year 3 class in the pe lesson and then the after school club'
b'a fantastic evening celebrating the class of 2015. great to welcome pne star paul gallagher too.'
b"a fat person does not eat what's right but eats what's left."
b'a female mantis kills the male after sex. that used to seem cruel, but now that i am married with kids i think the male mantis gets off easy.'
b'a few weeks ago i mentioned toilet paper in a tweet and got toilet paper in the mail. so, here goes : dragons.'
b'a fine is a tax for doing wrong. a tax is a fine for doing well.'
b'a fire alarm right now.. perfect'
b'what will he ask the pope? perhaps "is it okay to let my people starve so i can stay in power?"'
b'a friend of mine said onions are the only food that could make you cry. that was before i hit him in the face with a coconut.'
b'a friend who understands your tears is much more valuable than a lot of friends who only know your smile.'
b'afrikaans on monday, history on tuesday, physics on wednesday and math on thursday.. great week hey'
b'after 11, please stop counting in months how old your kid is.'
b'after 11 pm my upstairs neighbors let their elephants out and engage them in a game of soccer with bowling balls'
b"after 16 years, it's only now that i've discovered that i have dimples. thanks bio homework."
b'after 3 lots of laser treatment on a partially detached retina i was thrilled to receive this offer by e mail'
b'after 3 lots of laser treatment on my left eye i was thrilled to receive this offer'
b'after a 8am meeting now to domestic abuse training for 7 hours \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95.. omg i so love my job at times'
b'after a busy number of days battling a nasty cold my body finally gave out. but after a day on the couch i feel pretty great this evening'
b'after all these years, i am still waiting for the second incredibles movie.'
b"after all the things he's done and been accused of he finally gets suspended for one half by jimbo fisher, good job fs"
b'after a long stressful weekend i love having a busy day of classes and activities.'
b'after an argument, i always think of awesome things i could have said.'
b"after announcing our weight at birth, parents shouldn't stop. if they announced it at every birthday we'd all be little skinnier"
b"& after awhile, i started thinking'damn, she's watering those plants like crazy ' so i go to check nope it's been raining lol"
b'after committing a crime, always carry a fire extinguisher. no one gets stopped while running with a fire extinguisher.'
b"after enough curling it around my finger i think i've almost straightened marth's sword out completely"
b"after finally watching the footage of kevin ware's injury, i have decided to never jump for any reason ever again."
b'after four hours of reading and researching.. my presentation is written! now just present it tmr with fucking up unamused face'
b'after getting 2nd highest for the 1st two lab practicals, i finally got the top score for the last one & i did not even study! 58/60 good microscope'
b'after having my day ruined my mom told me to not do homework today, to sit and watch a movie to just relax.. gotta love my mom heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'after hours of sleep the hangover is gone sleeping tonight ragrets hate hashtags, but can not find the will to stop'
b'after i start to love you i do not mind letting you win arguments... but when i mean business you better act like you fucking know! unamused face'
b"after mating, a female praying mantis kills & eat's the male. guess she knows it's easier to claim life insurance rather than child support."
b'after my facebook argument with you, i delete everything i wrote so you look like a crazy stalker.'
b"after opening this month's electric bill, i am no longer afraid of the dark."
b'after playing in the rain brushing your hair is not even a thing'
b'after practice selfies are always the best grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'after roughly 5 months i am finally cleaning my room smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'after school or work.. do you ever just wanna sleep for like 2 days sleeping face'
b'after spending 10 hours on internet i asked to myself " is my internet connection worse than my life or vice versa? "'
b'after summer everybody gonna be like " i missed you " i am gonna be like you ain\'t hit me up all summer swerve bitch.'
b'after the 4th wrong turning.. back on the m1. class travelling like'
b'after the impressive display of stupidity i saw on i -40 this morning, i can not wait for the next phase of construction to begin.'
b'after thomas being born not breathing and spending nights in the nicu watching and hoping i must admit this hit'
b'after today i have 2 more shifts and then i do not have to set my alarm for a week'
b'after working 9 hours in the rain everyday sometimes all i wanna do is cuddle and have my hair played withhhh'
b'a fun game to play is " guess who your boyfriend or girlfriend has slept with based on their body language in old facebook pictures. "'
b'a fun thing to do : say " no thanks, i am a vegetarian " when people hand you their newborn babies'
b'well its not really fun until its really messy'
b"a gf's logic is like terms & conditions you come across before d/l -ing software. you never really bother to understand, you just accept it"
b'agh i only got 5 hours of sleep last night. & fee night is tonight so im gonna look a mess. great way to start off the school year.'
b'just the tonic needed to sway those undecided voters'
b'a girl on facebook legitimently just posted " i am the most popular person at our school, not trying to be selfish! " ok goodbye i hate you all'
b'a girl posted on fb : " sum 1 cum 2 ma house nd sav me frm boredom " a guy replied : " sending an english teacher immediately "'
b"a girl's group message with her best friends holds more secrets than the united states government"
b'a girl\'s " whatever " usually means " fuck you ".'
b'a girl tweeted " you might be ghetto if you bring food from outside into the movies " no you might be stupid if you pay 4. 99 for a bag of skittles'
b'please know that i am the type that laughs at my team and myself during these discussions. that fan/guy'
b'a good friend : calls you in jail. a great friend : bails you out of jail. your best friend : sits next to you while saying " wasn\'t that fun? "'
b'a good friend : calls you in jail. a great friend : will visit you in jail. your best friend : *blows up wall* " get in the van now! "'
b'a good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.'
b'a good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, and realize how blessed you are for what you have.'
b"a good man can make you feel sexy, strong and able to take on the world... ohh sorry that's vodka... vodka does that."
b'a good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.'
b'a great start to the school year! -'
b'a great way to make friends is to spam the entire student body about your dumb survey...'
b'a green text bubble is the same as sending a message in a bottle in the ocean bc how do you know if it was delivered or lost out there'
b'a group of your least favorite people is called a facebook.'
b'a grown 60 year old woman having a tantrum at work. cute...'
b'a guy cheated on three different girls who found out -- john tucker must die : real life edition'
b'ahaha today is the first day... in a while.. i did my homework and studied wow'
b'ahah hey guys look this fag can not defend his he need his side to help face with tears of joy'
b'a haiku about finals i am really fucked where did this semester gofuck fuck fuck fuck fuck'
b'a haiku about mario kart : are you kidding me who the fuck threw that red shell i will fuck you up'
b"ahh do not you just love when microsoft tells you that you're spelling your own name wrong"
b'arguing with his date. like, keep your opinions and all but question her beliefs on a first date? maybe not the best thing to do'
b'ahhh this is such a great monday smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'ahh it makes me feel really special and loved when you do not text me back!.'
b'ahh yes, i would love a \xc2\xa36. 5 million donation, let me just give you my bank details...'
b'ah lucky today is the only day i actually didnt straight my hair so i can actually walk in the rain smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"sometimes it feels like they're playing a game of chess. meanwhile obama is doing a great job at doing nothing."
b'ah my daily wait an hour for the magazine bus ordeal! squee!'
b'ah only 2 full years to wait until i can start college, not long at all!'
b'a hoodie and underwear is all you really need to wear tbh'
b'i hated it when it started it was too " cheery " and " happy " for me personally but once it got dark it got really good'
b'a house is not a home until you can find all light switches in the dark.'
b'ah the elephants are awake upstairs. fantastic'
b"ah wednesday's, an evening of washing clothes and watching house of cards. a thrilling life i lead!"
b'ah, yeah, i really do not want to get caught up in anything troublesome.'
b'ah yes a refreshing half hour nap before my class as my entire night of sleep for the second time this school week. my favorite.'
b'ah yes love being wide awake at 4:30 in the morning when i have to be up at 6:30 for class'
b'i am so impressed'
b"ain't gonna lie yeah it be some night where i really do miss you"
b'aint have sex since june rushin lol'
b"ain't it fun, living in the real world."
b'ain\'t nobody got time for that " is this generations " whatchu talkin bout willis'
b"ain't no friendship like a friendship where you're either confused as siblings or gay lovers"
b"ain't nothing like a little payback. smiling face with horns face with tears of joy"
b"ain't nothing like a white boy party, hella faded and we act retarded"
b"! ain't nothing like freedom!"
b"ain't nothing like having somebody come to they senses & realize who really down for ya"
b"ain't nothing like sleeping with a snake unamused face smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"ain't nothing like that d 'usse"
b"ain't text him ina long time"
b'airport security did not want to feel my head today or perform a " skirt check. " so, good for less awkward!'
b"a jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. if she doesnt get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers."
b'your captain skills came in handy today smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'compensated for your time. my partner is organising it but does not think he could get you to come which is why i (part 3)'
b'ha ha we used to call it bag a minger. all that lesbian food first thing.'
b'alarm clock off. thank you'
b'alarm clocks should come with sounds like " tiny doll feet scampering into the closet " because i am not hitting snooze when i hear that.'
b'alarm did not go off for rehab, i feel like absolute crap, and i have a test today.'
b'your lucky, most of my teachers said i would always have homework. good'
b'lmao probably worse! we use to play games, go get tons of food, and tell stories the entire time! lol'
b'alcohol is never the answer... but it does make you forget the question.'
b'thank you for being my alarm clock in the mornings'
b'bruh you wish interested face throwing a kiss'
b'this looks like an awkward am &g photo weary face face with tears of joy but good i am excited!'
b'you didnt sent me a pic on my birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2nooo...'
b'you do not be bothered either who cares sorry face throwing a kiss'
b'please stalk me'
b"i'll have to look for her name she was one of the best algebra teachers i've had"
b'algebra 1 and algebra 2: there will be a test on friday november 20 and then... thanksgiving break!'
b'algebra teacher is the best'
b'i was supposed to cut it this saturday but something came up. " " something came up "'
b'do not get pulled over without that license you left in brom'
b'a little nervous to start school? 5 classes in one day should be fun'
b"al literally think i'll drown - even in the shallow end ha"
b"all 10 floors of our dorm evacuated for a legit fire alarm... this is going to be a long night neutral face not to mention it's raining"
b'all adults do is ask me about my plans for college like do not you want to know what my favorite color is'
b"all day i've been feeling tired, stressed, and sick... a hilly 7 mile run was exactly what i needed"
b'all day long i think about sex and all night iong i think about sex and all the time i think about sex ~'
b'allergies are weird as heck. you can snap a humans leg in half and they can recover but if you eat this peanut you dead'
b'allergy attacks confused face love em'
b'all guys are the same " nobody told you to try them all, bitch.'
b'all holiday used up for this year. no more days off.'
b'all i asked, was if the building had an elevator. you should have seen the stairs i got.'
b'all i ask for in life is another season of gossip girl'
b"all i can say in french is hi, bye, see you later, and chocolate. that'll get me far in france."
b'all i did this weekend was play call of duty and i still suck ):'
b'all i do at night is stay up losing sleep over you. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'all i do at school is wait for it to be over.'
b'all i do at school is watch all the girls pretend to be friends with each other.'
b'all i do is stay up all night losing sleep over you'
b'all i do is stay up at night losing sleep over you, all i do is drive myself crazy thinking about my baby'
b'all i do i talk that hoping try to pull weird face with tears of joy'
b': " let\'s test out skype. " *two and a half hours later* me : " well, that was a great test run. "'
b'all i have done is get dressed for work and owen is already away.'
b'all ima say is woman up, && get ur dollars up dat baby 1st check eitha'
b"all i am saying is, you've never seen me crying and eating tacos at the same time"
b'all i need in life is a tan that does not fade away or come off in the shower, a boob job and a mac voucher.'
b'all i need is a real bitch she do not never fag off and she do not never switch'
b'all i need right now is a hug, and five hundred thousand dollars in cash.'
b'all i really want to know this year is the secret to clear skin.'
b'allison obrien and i were the last people to give blood so we just hung out with all the nurses and they did a fun dance for us it was swell'
b'i am not retarded'
b'all i want in life is to lose weight and gain money yet instead, here i am, gaining weight and losing money'
b'all i want is a cute penthouse apartment in new york'
b'all i want is to settle down with an extremely wealthy dog'
b'all my classes start at 1 and i do not have class on fridays next semester smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'all my competitors for h. i. this weekend : so sorry i am going to suck so badly'
b'all my coworkers are making fun of me cause my eyes blood shot'
b'all my friends are either in a relationship or about to be in a relationship. i am just sitting here re-watching " the notebook ".'
b'all my mathmatic proofs are done using the guess and hope method.'
b'all my plans have been canceled thanks flu, really'
b'all nighter studying for my physics exam what a charm'
b'all of my plans for the future start out with " when i get rich "'
b'all of the classes i need for next semester are full. good'
b'all of this awesome bbcf stuff going on. not exactly the best time to find out my untouched math homework is due in an hour lol'
b'all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary all of this is temporary'
b'all of your boyfriends probably have cute nicknames for you, but mine is " stupid "'
b'all of your selfies look the same " it\'s almost like im the same person in all of my selfies'
b'all our life our parents told us not to write on walls. facebook teaches us differently.'
b'all school has taught me is how to look extremely busy whilst doing nothing at all'
b'all that matters in a relationship is that you like the same pizza toppings'
b'all the buckeye haters get to enjoy themselves 2day. they will have another 4 years to wait before they get to again.'
b'all the kids in my school were nerds. i was the only one sitting at the cool kids table everyday.'
b'all the other networks apart from understand their viewers. an article about it.'
b'all these fag boys need to cut their hair " 100% agree rebecca'
b'all these quote/pictures about your emotions are so inspirational'
b'all the songs of made in the am are actually my favorite! still fixing my emotions though! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'all this and the europa league draw today! ahhh yeahhh!'
b'all this makeup is hiding how certain girls really look. smokey eyes, thick ass eyebrows. gotta take these bitches swimming on the first date'
b'all this tragedy makes it seem ridiculous to be excited for my birthday tomorrow. the whole world is hurting'
b'all you hear is a heard of elephants running towards the fight from upstairs and downstairs'
b'all you really need in life is good food and wifi.'
b'all your other complaints about " freedom of speech " are not really about " freedom of speech ". this. this is'
b'almost burnt the kitchen down - fun smile'
b'[high five ] sleeping is the best part of not going to school'
b'almost did a full high school swim practice and i am beat!'
b'almost every college student will come home for break and be ready to go back to school soon as our parents start tripping face with tears of joy'
b'almost getting run over on the way to the diff eq exam =great omen'
b'almost got ran over today while crossing the street with the walk sign. i love people.'
b'almost passed out at the lab and had to lay down in their tiny room and drink juice. good fasted bloodwork!'
b'almost passed out. that was fun...'
b"almost set the fire alarm off in wilson and it's raining outside... everyone would've killed me loudly crying face"
b'almost the end of the school year smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes good'
b'almost too pretty to eat'
b'a load of books just fell on my head, ive only got my shelf to blame'
b'a locker door to the face really feels amazing!'
b'a lot of attractive people are like nice cars with the check engine light on.'
b'a lot of people are going to get rich(er) at this tiny wall street firm'
b"a lot of people believe yoga is good exercise but i think it's a stretch"
b'a lot of people think the job is supposed to get them ready... no.. you are supposed to be readybfor the job! a rehab'
b'more or less my thoughts as well. still nothing to be upset about though, just an unfortunate situation'
b"a love being wide awake when i've gotta be up in 5 hours. like why can a never fall straight asleep?"
b'already can not wait to nap after my 9:00 class tomorrow'
b"already have a kiyo to call their own www. it's fun though, i am not really a kiyo anyways xd just makes me laugh is all."
b'already modeled a few outfits! come help with the last one! this time i am teasing my pussy first to get it good and wet'
b'already was late to my first class suffolk parking sucks so bad'
b'alright 8 am is canceled, thanks for telling us'
b'alright who fucked up ".. probably the best thing i just read. thanks keegs'
b'also convinced that the people above me move all their furniture at night and roll around their apartment in desk chairs. unamused face'
b'also forgot to change my empty med packet out for the full one. awesome.'
b"also, if you did not call that blown save you aren't a tigers fan."
b'also i only shaved one leg in the shower & completely forgot about the other so i def have my life together.'
b"also let's hope she actually leaves them on"
b"also making fun of triggers... it's not really funny"
b'also please stalk me lmao'
b"also that's not really fun stuff at all. do not become an adult ever pls save yourself."
b'also video editing is fun and not really any difficult, makes me wonder why i did not pick it up sooner'
b'alternative phrases to " calm your tits " : - soothe your boobs - hakuna your tatas - give that chest a rest - do not have a rack attack'
b'altogether have 6 hours for work next week smiling face with open mouth'
b"you'll love it. taking some friends to the show who missed it the first time around; worth paying again ^^"
b"i am not arguing that it's a bad question, just that this maybe isn't the best response."
b'always an accomplishment when you can make it thru a shower with no one turning the light off. face with tears of joy'
b'always believe in god, because there are some questions that even google can not answer.'
b'always believe in your dreams and do not let anyone stop you from reaching them.'
b'always be positive *trips down the stairs* " wow! i got down those stairs fast! "'
b'always be yourself. unless you can be batman. then be batman.'
b'always envied the kids who showed up to school with their 64 count crayola crayons. if i wanted burgundy or salmon i had to ask in shame.'
b'always follow your brain. your heart is stupid as fuck.'
b'always fun scrunching up my body into a 2x2 foot square-like space until i wake up tomorrow morning.'
b"always good listening to greg's bs stories"
b'always gotta kill them with kindness mouth'
b"always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that's the one that is going to help you grow"
b'always helpful'
b'always keeping it classy'
b'always love sleeping in and missing the bus face with tears of joy face with tears of joy worried face'
b'always nice hearing we got hacked again'
b'always nice to be woken by the at the end of the bed with a in its mouth.'
b'always said delaney was amazing'
b'always used to wish for snow when a was in school now a think all just cry when am on a roof grafting me tits off soaking wet in a blizzard'
b': what a shocker i woke up sore disappointed face " do not think the hash tag was necessary'
b'a man and a woman can have a completely platonic friendship as long as one of them is lying.'
b'a man asks a trainer in the gym : " i want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine can i use? " trainer replies : " use the atm "'
b"forget the album... the bigger disappointment is that the kardashian's and bieber are your favorite things"
b'i am literally sitting on the toilet right now trying to let off some weight before going to the scale.'
b'a mans job should always be making sure his woman is happy'
b'i am determined to make 2016 the year that i am a morning person bc i do love being up early it just never happens'
b'oooh good one'
b"had to make it rain to put out the weekend's fire"
b'amazing bubble butt'
b'*coughcough* can not wait for you to come to america *coughcough *'
b"that's probably why he got in the class from the wait list"
b'i love that you and one other person immediately identified which game was being talked about here'
b'wait a minute could i recommend you to the parents i babysit for because there are a lot of times i can not make it'
b"am coming back back of some people i've missed the"
b"it's fine that i literally texted you this exact phrase and then you tweeted it"
b'thank you, i am so excited, working my arse off. day off today and spent it all in the college library \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thank you for the help and much appreciated. if i win big in vegas, i am overnighting an alarm clock to that flt attendant smile'
b'american literature has been an interesting course'
b'american pie " ruined it for any kid that actually does have an amazing story from band camp.'
b'americans want their protection until they get caught with hands in the cookie jar! police sre being damned!'
b'so you showed up like a stud all wet and flexing?! oh the horror! __'
b'am i going to be sleepy every day for the rest of my life'
b"a milf is a sexy ass mom over 35. if you're 18, you're just a bitch with a baby"
b'am i overreacting or do i have a valid reason to feel the way i do : a novel by me'
b'am i the only one that gets excited about wearing new underwear even though noone can see it?'
b'am i the only one who calculates how much sleep i can get before i go to bed'
b'am i the only one who feels like everything is falling apart but coming together at the same time'
b'am i the only one who measures time using songs? " oh it only took me 4 songs to get here! " " that\'s not too long! "'
b'am i the only one who misses cartoons like totally spies and hey arnold'
b'am i the only one who wakes up then stays in bed for like another hour'
b'am i the only person that texts someone like 5 messages at the same time that could easily be put into one'
b"could be. i like cats but my daughter has a 'cat ' allergy so i love her on 2 counts."
b'i am waking up with a smile'
b'thank you! love to read more recipes and tips from another allergy mom.'
b'a moment of silence for all the teenage couples who compare themselves to romeo and juliet'
b"a moment of silence to all the kids who can not wait to become a teenager because they think it's fun"
b'aww anything or anyone who makes you smile is worth losing some sleep.'
b'also foggy in cola. miss your reports on the morning show. have a good thanksgiving.'
b'congrats on the episode of dumping ground today great acting overall you should be proud of yourself'
b'you just think losing weight will mess up your tramp stamp.'
b'i love it when i am not the one getting yelled at! ha fuck you kyle!'
b'you caught me! smile'
b'an 8 hour day in uni with an exam and injections with only 4 hours sleep. this should be fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'a naked iphone is so beautiful but too risky.'
b'analysis is another word for stalker...'
b'an apple a day will keep anyone away if you throw it hard enough.'
b'an astute observation : most people are kill them with kindness and i am just kill'
b'anatomy lab test on birthday good'
b'an awesome day at school with keegan, then to top it off we went out to jitters and did a little homework. \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xe2\x9c\x8a'
b'and can not play baseball because it can subject him to physical injury, but softball is fine...'
b'and crappy day 2 ends just as it began tired, stressed, and still behind on homework... awesome'
b'andd both my uh classes on tuesday got cancelled and i have the whole week off on thanksgiving too! good'
b"andddddd surprise it's raining again in atl"
b'and fuck the school for not putting my wet clothes in a dryer. like would it kill you?!'
b'and here i am doing it all over again...'
b'and here it is 4am and i lie here, wide awake, thinking. oh the happy days.'
b'and i have double lab, which means i have it for two period instead of one smile good'
b'and i hear that nine my be like a melty blood character. i did play a lot of mb so she might be fun to use.'
b'and i love getting cheered on and being talked to when i hitting hard, younger ones well... " you hurting me " confused face'
b'and i am back to the real world of working a crapy job by day and being a musician by night.'
b'and i am pulling a 12 in the er the night before thanksgiving.'
b'and i am so excited. like.. bruh. if you was sleep wake up. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'and i am so glad my insomnia is coming back.'
b'and i am so good at going to bed early when i have to be up early'
b'and i thought chugging coffee at 9 pm was a good idea... \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'and it was funny to see emily lose to julia, she thought it was gonna be easy'
b'and it was nice not having to suffer a day in school good'
b'and i was hanging on a fence in the air and it felt like i was bungee jumping, but not really. it was fun, but i was scared shitless.'
b'and just like that, another day had passed without any study'
b'.. and made up for it with this very cute cartoon about dumb ways to die, full of tiny fun details'
b'and noooo secret, no matter how nasty, can poison your voice or keep you from joy'
b'and now hes the cool uncle in another small even more dysfunctional family hoping it doesnt all go to shit again'
b"and now i am fucking sick, that's really fuckin cool. good way to start the week... \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7"
b'and now is a great time to get sick smirking face'
b'and off to run a trillion miles i go unamused face'
b'and on fridays we have pe then a long break so we would wait for everyone in the class to bathe/change before heading to high sch for lunch'
b'thats so stupid thats not aggressive its called defense against something said about you and btw you are really beautiful'
b'do not let up on the benghazi story truth needs to be found sure it can be with this admin'
b'waking up at 3 is even better'
b': do not you just love only being able to eat soup? it\'s delicious. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i see the advantage but i find cricket appallingly boring. each to his own as the bible says'
b'and rippin donuts on a quad in a field is extremely dangerous ha'
b"and she also thinks i have a reason to be upset about it as i've darn well put forth a great amount of success"
b"and she's not responding. this fucking day gets better and better."
b"and she's the smart one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'and so the first cold of the season is taking hold. on my second day of working 2 jobs. fantastic timing'
b'and super ginormous thanks to trey & jfraye for trekking here & kel for putting up w/me all weekend + all my amigos'
b'and the final textbook total plus tax comes to just under 400'
b'and the fire alarm goes off right as we are about to take off... perfect'
b'and the good luck of this family keeps going a car accident and another aunt on the hospital'
b'and then all of my tuition went towards watering the grass while it was raining out'
b'and then god said, " seems unfair to have given man an extra limb so to balance it out i\'ll give women the power over which to control it. "'
b'and then you go check clash of clans and the server is done try again in 45 mins cool'
b"and there's sun goes down around my love history \xe2\x99\xab tragedy on september by the flins tone \xe2\x80\x94"
b'and the weirdest compliment i\'ve received was from jess saying i " have a nice sneeze ". " it\'s quiet and non threatening ".'
b'and they ask me how do you take ur coffee? reply : " very seriously... " a morning person'
b'and this day just keeps getting better'
b'and this is why i am doing so great in my math class'
b'and to think i was gunna stay home from nashville.'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy and water is wet. when you got a good girl she's good"
b"and we as in and i have most of you females mad loudly crying face face with tears of joy \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f that's okay tho. birds need love too."
b"and we could have had an extra half hour's sleep and taken the car and still got there earlier grrrrrr"
b'and we did not talk after that " is probably the saddest thing to say'
b'and we get to play 4 of them. good rt : the latest ap poll has 7 teams in the top 14.'
b'and we just stopped talking... " the worst way to end a friendship/relationship'
b'(and when i am not even the one that has been cleaning the room )?! person bowing deeply unamused face'
b': my beard has got back to the " stroking in contemplation " stage... my wife will be so happy "'
b"and yeah i post a lot about her, but she's always on my mind so she comes first"
b'thank you refs for making fantastic calls tonight " rfttttt'
b'actually i am transferring to millikin at christmas but will not be working at the pool this summer'
b'and you need to apologize to me for having me excited all week to see you and for hurting my feelings like this'
b'and you take what you get and you turn it into " honesty "'
b'a new record - after my wife left for thanksgiving vacation, she was back home 20 minutes later thanks to a canceled flight. fuck snow.'
b'an ex asking to stay friends after you break up is like a kidnapper asking to stay in touch after they let you go.'
b'an " ex " is called an " ex " because its and " ex " ample of who you shouldn\'t date in the future.'
b'anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.'
b'angry people who can not take a joke have no idea how hilarious they are to those of us who can.'
b"well you heard the man, he's camera shy... smile"
b"yes yall are tf lol and i am sorry you do not have to get jealous tho there's enough love for both of yall face with tears of joy \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"an hour left of work and phone's at 5%, this should be fun!"
b'annabelle\'s solution to life " let\'s just get steaming and fuck everything up " yeah great life advice from ac'
b'plus my face be lookin real cute'
b"i've got the same one face with tears of joy face with tears of joy and the gryffindor one"
b'annoying person : " you need anger management classes. " me : " you need shut the fuck up classes! "'
b'annoying thing about cycling in the rain, having to hit the brakes going downhill after all that effort to get to the top!'
b'another 8 am... super sweet'
b'another big congrats to for becoming a dad! so proud of you! can not wait to babysit!'
b'another class display by ozil'
b'another coursework complete 8 days in advance smiling face with halo bossing it despite having appointments and being stressed and tired good'
b"another day at work, another day of doing nothing but thinking about i need to be home playing. it's so great!"
b'another fab class tonight! well done all everybody this week is looking fantastic in their movement and'
b'another fine visit to the dentist.'
b'another happy day at this residence. pensive face'
b'another heart op right before christmas just what i wanted! merry christmas ya'
b'another nice family dinner'
b'another reason why i am getting off social media. these people will poison your mind with rubbish validation'
b'another restless night'
b'another rough night but i got through it somehow without waking up much. just been on the phone to doctors and got some appointments.'
b'another student in this discussion class is literally arguing semantics about the views of nazis and the aryan race.'
b"another thing that happened at the art thing : dude - i like your slicked-back hair look me - thanks, it's rain"
b'another weekend means another game that the eagles suck.'
b'another weekend of two teams trying to out-suck each other?'
b'good ill try not to be an awkward piece \xc3\xb3 trash'
b'i just love being second choice and being a piece of shit probably'
b"i still ask that question fam, wait till after high school. you'll see who's really for you then"
b'an unexpected argument - and'
b'anxiety attacks are just loads of fun'
b'anxiety : here i am me : please take ur shoes off at the door'
b'anxiety : well that was a great day filled with doing nothing but crying and hyperventilating'
b'anxiety : when that " five extra minutes " of sleep turns into a half hour'
b'anybody have any plans to stare at their phone somewhere exciting this weekend?'
b'any day when you can stay in pajamas the whole time is a good day'
b'any girl can become my friend literally just hmu in my dms like " girl you will not believe this mf " what he do babe what he do'
b'any land in which parents do not have first and last authority over what and how their children learn \xe2\x9c\xbf anthony esolen'
b'any man who says his wedding day is the happiest day of his life has obviously never scored a over-head kick on fifa.'
b'anyone can make you smile, many people can make you cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.'
b'anyone else love getting yelled at for every little thing? yea? cool me too'
b'anyone else running on a half hour of sleep?'
b'anyone here neck deep in algebra and statistics? looking for the best way to wrap my head around stuff.'
b'anyone in chem that has to do owls knows my pain right now... weary face'
b'anyone know if liverpool are back in the champions league tonight? have not seen anything about it...'
b'anyone really ever been stuck babysitting in new years and had to sneak out to a party or is that just the disney channel original movies?'
b'anyone wanna come help me with my homework?'
b'anyone want to form a fight club with me? first rule of fight club... do not talk about fight club! second rule of fight club... no hitting!'
b"anyone who isn't adding positivity to your life, shouldn't be in it."
b'anyone wishing to talk to me about the current scotland situation, please do not unless i approach you first!'
b'any psycho girls wanna hang out? just text me like 5000 times and let me know.'
b'any salad can be a caesar salad if you stab it enough'
b'anything you say and do, can and will be screenshot against you.'
b'anytime a bird takes a crap on my car, i eat an entire plate of scrambled eggs on my porch. just to show the birds what i am capable of.'
b'anyways i am just gonna post art and make an attempt at a da description so i can sleep soon'
b'a one night stand is when the toilet seat is too cold and i have to take a shit standing up'
b'a pair of black jeans will get you through a month of class, winter is awesome! less laundry'
b'apa kabar? im checking you all the time face with tears of joy but no reply, i hope ur ok enjoy ur sunday, miss uuuu smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'apartment shopping is so fun white smiling face weary face'
b"a perfect dinner for a busy weeknight is pork chops and gravy! a comfort food that's great for fall!"
b"a perfect relationship is when two people dont give up on one another regardless of each other's flaws"
b'a perfect relationship = two people never giving up on each other.'
b'a person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons :1) they want to be you. 2) they hate themselves. 3) they see you as a threat.'
b"a person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. when telling a lie, a person's hands will stay noticeably still."
b'a person who hopes to be reincarnated as a doe is holding on for deer life'
b'a picture speaks a thousand words. but with photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.'
b'this is a good show. put it on to pass the time but ended really liking it.'
b'apologies for all of the drunk texts i sent on a sunday afternoon. but be honored that even with little brain function, you were on my mind'
b"apologizing does not mean you're right or wrong, it just means you value your relationship more than your ego."
b'a potato has skin, i have skin. therefore i am a potato.'
b'apparently " bae " means " before anyone else " i always thought it was a ghetto word for " babe "'
b'apparently beer contains female hormones. after you drink enough you can neither drive nor shut the hell up'
b'apparently " cheesecake & tacos " wasn\'t the answer the interviewer was looking for when he asked me what my weaknesses are.'
b'apparently, i live in a gang infested neighborhood, where i can witness drive by shootings from my front porch!'
b"apparently i am working on opening up and being honest this week (but being nice at the same time ). it's great..."
b'apparently i only shaved one leg in the shower this morning and i did not even shave my whole leg just my shin.. lazy keirian is back'
b"apparently it's hard to be funny with a swollen throat and sleep deficiency."
b'apparently, the average person looks at their phone 150 times a day. not me. i look at it just once. for about 12 hours.'
b'apparently typos only become visible to the human eye after you hit send'
b"apparently you need 4. 6gb free on your phone to install ios8. alright, apple. i'll get right on deleting everything off my phone."
b'apple and blackberry should team up and make a phone called the pie.'
b'apple : i look like a human heart mango : i look like a stomach grapes : i look like eyes banana : i do not like this game'
b"apple's google glass knockoff attaches a small screen on a frame above your eyes, and it will be called ibrowse."
b"apple was considering making an ipod for kids but apparently, the name 'itouch kids ' did not sit too well."
b'applying to schools ; 00 just to apply? sure i have nothing better to spend that money on'
b"april fools day is a day when you shouldn't believe what you hear or trust anyone... so its basically a normal day"
b'april fools day is tomorrow but it does not matter because everyday of my life is a joke upside down face'
b'thank you! better late than never winking face'
b'sure what to do'
b"arcadia's cl kick-off was a success! now to maybe catch a quick nap before bible study?!?"
b'i know you did im saying you dont appreciate you dont even text me as soon as you buy ur wl you ignore me'
b'a real boyfriend sees no other females because he only has eyes for his girl.'
b'a relationship is kinda like a nice warm shower, everything feels good til the water gets cold'
b'a relationship where you can be weird together is the best.'
b'are people becoming more annoying or am i becoming more angry'
b'are the boys being interviewed? because this is a joke and i am losing sleep over them singing perfect in not about this'
b'are there any workout programs that target the face? you really need one of those.'
b'are there cute guys who will not have you out here looking dumb or? bc i want 1.'
b"are there problems in the world? yes. but we've also figured out how to get milk from almonds, so"
b'are they trending because of me?!'
b'are you math cause i just cant understand you'
b'are you always that ugly or were you about to sneeze?'
b'are you an astronaut? cause all of a sudden i wanna explore uranus.'
b'are you a pokemon? cause i wanna throw my balls at you.'
b"are you as bored as i am?' makes sense even when you read it backwards"
b'are you athletic? " - " yeah of course, i surf... on the internet. "'
b'are you awesome at maybe not so much? you can still help your child with read how a parent does it'
b'are you crying? " " no, my eyes are sweating'
b'are you still upset about this? " well yes considering you did not even tell me until it was finalized'
b'are you sure your cat is cute enough? pour it water. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'are you taking chem ii next semester " " no not really " " okay, have fun. ciao'
b'alright caitlin? are you still on duty & not sneaking out the back for a fag? if so i need a response lass. ta. oggy.'
b'arguing about football is the best'
b'arguing about social media best practice with a colleague. 20 + years of traditional marketing exp. vs. obsessive social media user'
b"arguing over who's truck is the best is dumb. it'd be much faster to just whip out your dicks and see who's compensating the most."
b'arguing with angry girlfriend is like talking to harvard law school alumni'
b"arguing with a woman is like buying a lottery ticket... you're probably not gonna win but you're sure as hell gonna try."
b"arguing with customers via the official company account isn't exactly the best idea."
b'arguing with my mom is the best.. lemme tell ya'
b'please stalk me mom, i would rly love that'
b'please stalk me pensive face'
b': love this " lol oh yeah this me all over!'
b'around parents : normal mode. around friends : silly mode. around babies : barney mode. around crush : retarded mode.'
b': i literally get so turned off when guys say they want to cuddle " "'
b'a big fan of cozorla19 on the bench for this big encounter bt i fear not cause sir. wenger alwayz knowz what he is doing!'
b'art class should be interesting'
b"speaking to nastio mosquito, art's new cool guy : who speaks at least three languages fluently and i..."
b'" i love his eyes. they\'re the color smiling face with heart shaped eyes of boogers smiling face with heart shaped eyes " i can not take it anymore im changing the channel before i puke everywhere'
b"as a boyfriend/girlfriend you shouldn't be talking to anybody that used to like you, likes you, or you used to like.. that's the first rule."
b'as a child, i could be anything. as an adult, i just wanna be that child.'
b"as a college student you realize there is no such thing as summer break anymore, if you're not taking classes then you're working."
b"as a college student you're either struggling academically, financially, or spiritually. or all 3"
b'as a kid, during the pledge of allegiance, i often wondered why it was a good thing to be invisible, with liver, tea and justice for all.'
b'as a kid i always be trying to force the round peg into the star hole. as an adult not much has changed'
b'as a kid, i had no idea that my favorite thing as an adult would be napping.'
b'as a matter of fact people can work up in capitalism, i do not agree to your socialism. capitalism is more established also.'
b'as an adult, i am not eating any where near as much ice cream ave cake as 10 year old me thought i would.'
b'as a sports fan : overtime is awesome. when working in sports : overtime is the worst thing in the world keeping you at work longer'
b'as a student the most comforting words you\'ll ever hear are " i have not started either "'
b'a screen on 3rd & 2 makes a lot of sence.'
b'a selfie and a pic of how wet i was in school today'
b'a selfie with my chick'
b'as fun as the comeback was last game, i am not really in the mood to be given a heart attack right now so score please?'
b'well this is attractive'
b"you're so and i am so enjoying it."
b'thank you, i had no idea what that meant unamused face'
b'well it was initially white out, but people got upset about it so the last i heard it is black out'
b"stop pretending to be when you're"
b'ash literally looks at my agenda to see if i work the next day or not lol.'
b'a short car full of short guys stopped by my bus stop and one said hi to me raised hand'
b"a shout out to all the beautiful women who do not need to dress half naked to get a man's attention. stay classy! the rest of you, come w/ me"
b'i was'
b'as i get older i realize that your attraction to people has very little to do with the way that they look'
b'asked the elephants upstairs (kindly ) to temporarily quit killing each other or fucking so obnoxiously... i can now hear her bitching face with tears of joy'
b'taygan, you need to convince this little fag boi to get on'
b"asking your parents after you've already made plans."
b'saw velvet at a bar tonight i asked her what you would think if you saw her i told her i would give my right arm to have'
b'ask me if i care any more?'
b'i did and no response! killing it at customer service again!'
b'help in running on 3 and a half hour sleep and i am at school weary face'
b'a " slut " is just a sexually confident woman who sleeps with everyone but you.'
b'as much as i just studied... ask me about the settlement of american colonies back in the 1600s...'
b"as much as i love 'em both, i can not wait to see someone else get a good push *cough* *cough*"
b'as much as i love the boys and would do anything to get close to them i would never purchase nor sell any of their puke'
b"as much time as we spend at the library, we should have all a's!"
b'a soaking wet ohio school trip, in front of the white house. dc'
b"a solid 50% of snapchat this week has been all about and there's nothing like the rivalry to make me miss college"
b'as per usual, thanks again for replying to my tweet guys. unamused face'
b"assumption's wifi is just too fast"
b'i fell onto a puddle once near the gate of my school. does this signify that i am being fenced by a wet dream? hahahhhhh'
b'asthma attacks are not fun at all. especially when you forget your inhaler.'
b"it's not really self control as much as it is not wanting to ruin the fun"
b'a summary of how my day is going so far : i only shaved one leg'
b"as you can probably tell he's just bursting with energy sleeping face"
b'as you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones'
b'as your girlfriend, all i want is for you to be happy... and naked.'
b'at 33, graham gooch, mentor to was still to enter his great yrs as a test batsman. at 33, bell has the work ethic & talent to do same'
b'at a bus stop with 6 grade nines...'
b'at any given moment you have the to say " this is how the story is going to " ---'
b"at any given time, my wallet is worth more than it's contents."
b'ate a 3 day old sandwich and shaved one leg... as performance art'
b'a thief broke into my house last night. he was searching for money. so i woke up too and started searching with him.'
b'at last no planes going over for at least 6hrs, can not wait till 6a. am when they start again'
b'at least it was a great sports weekend!'
b'at least kim and kanye understand that at a young age you must give your child direction.'
b'at least main line has a lot of options'
b'at least men and women agree on one thing, they both do not trust women.'
b'at least miley cyrus is getting paid to act ratchet, the rest of you do it for free see no evil monkey'
b'at least my alarm woke me up in time for class this morning'
b'at least pretend you did not want to get caught'
b'at least she can use natural products... i can not use anything organic. i love her explanation of " hypoallergenic " lol'
b'at least thirty percent of my workout is spent picking a different song.'
b'at least this next tattoo only costs 500'
b'at least we have matt cassel'
b'atletico madrid b vs indonesia u19 2 -1 bad for indonesia,, go go!'
b'at me or stfu! hate people who walk like elephants in upstairs apartments'
b'atms should require you to pass a breathalyzer before you can make a withdrawal after midnight.'
b'at my funeral play the super mario original theme until my casket is lowered in the ground then play the underground music'
b'at my wedding : *you may now kiss your bride. * " wait babe, i gotta snapchat this. "'
b'at one point you quit being a dick and just ignore people you do not like & really learn to appreciate the ones you call true friends'
b'a true friend cares like a mom, scolds like a dad, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother, and loves more than a lover.'
b"at school at 7 in the morning and there's no place i'd rather be \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83"
b'at school lonely and wet sad'
b'*at school* me : im tired. me : im gonna go home and sleep. me : i can not wait to sleep. me : good sleep woo good *gets home* me : *doesnt sleep *'
b'*at school* teacher : " watch your language " me : oh shit sorry'
b'atta boy hawks, making it onto espn for getting stuck, representing us well!'
b'customer service logic. " go to this website " but the website is down. " call this number " and get hung up on.. thanks for the help?'
b'attempt to go to sleep remember jean cry can not sleep'
b'attempt to sleep in further?'
b'at the doctor... can not wait to turn my head and cough!'
b"at the end of the day, life should ask us, 'do you want to save the changes?'"
b'& at the heart of any democratic civil society is a free & independent media'
b'at the lows - not my thing. i leave that to some fund which has multiple years to wait for a change or can eat the loss.'
b'at the rate this weekend went, i can tell this whole upcoming week is going to be an absolute disaster and thanksgiving is going to suck \xe2\x98\xba\xe2\x98\xba'
b"at the store buying 50 condoms. 2 girls behind me started laughing. i turned around and looked them in the eyes and said,'make it 52. '"
b'at the vinyl fixing to see my favorite band perform'
b'at this point in life, i really do not stress myself to communicate with people. if you talk to me then okay, if not then okay lmao.'
b'at this point, " tired " is just a part of my personality.'
b'attractive person : hey whats up? me : who paid you'
b"a tumblr text post titled 'here's my road to liking jason grace :' my road diverged off yours a long time ago old sport!"
b'at what point can we just start blasting the hamilton soundtrack in the csi? all involved students love broadway and revolution, yeah?'
b'audience can take you to the top, but same audience can not take a joke.'
b'thank to mama hall mama hatch a star in the kitchen'
b'a uk couple has been convicted for keeping a nigerian man as a slave for 24 years. wow'
b"it's perfect dark too! you look good with both colors and a lot of people can not even pull off one hair color girl."
b'autocorrect is changing correctly spelled words. i am starting to think it has a mind of its autocorrect is harmless. go about your business.'
b'automatic doors are making being a gentleman difficult. does not seem as romantic rushing to jump in front of the sensor to open the door.'
b'who does not love polka dot panties! so cute and innocent.'
b'my sister has a year long cough. so when i lose her at stores i just wait to hear a cough. ha'
b'oh i love you'
b'avoid office small talk by maintaining that facial expression between first sneeze and second sneeze'
b'awake and getting ready for school.. do not you jut all want my life'
b'a watched pot never boils, but an unwatched pot boils over, so i do not know what the f *** you want from me life!'
b"aw, bless all those who'd planned for a year to march in the lord mayor's show in costumes & it's pouring with rain. good spectators"
b'a webmd that takes you to a page that says " you\'re going to be fine " would be nice.'
b'aweee how cute. the kids at the bus stop coordinated their outfits today.'
b"awee that's cute. unamused face"
b'awe i love it when my coworkers say that they like working with me because i actually make work my enjoyable!'
b'awesome 5 \xe2\x98\x86 " " outstanding 5 \xe2\x98\x86 " " one of the best reads i\'ve had in a very, very long time 5 \xe2\x98\x86 "'
b'awesome break'
b'awesome homework from one of my students! breaking news : landforms'
b'awesome homework hand in for geography projects in year 8!'
b"awesome just found my lingerie and scrap booking boxes. just what i've been missing."
b'awesome playing at dirty laundry in hollywood december 2nd smile'
b'awesome someone stole my headphones... man i love holt'
b"awe what a sad day. definitely feel some type of way right now and it's only 8. that's always a good sign."
b'awh i feel so bad for you'
b'awh my classmates are so sweet'
b'aw i love doing homework sooo much smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'aw i am so happy for you!'
b"good i couldn't quite get your skirt right but still good"
b'awkward eye contact is just fantastic'
b'awkward moment when you wake up and puke all over your bedroom floor, love pub golf'
b'aw love jack & his new friend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'a woman always gets the last word in an argument, because anything a man says after that is the first words in a new argument.'
b"a woman's mood is the best challenge for a true man's patience."
b"awsome homework on the first day. that's just what i wanted"
b'aw thanks for texting me.'
b'aw they repeated this like every sunday evening. remembering watching it with wet hair day before new week of school'
b'ha ha ur so funny'
b'aww i love getting cute texts "... bitch, some of us do not get cute texts... some of us do not even get texts.'
b'aww man i thought that bitch looked better than what she do face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes girl you are not as cute as you pretended to be'
b'aww ppl are so nice wow i love everyone xoxo! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'aww thats cute its a pity i dont give a fuck though'
b'awww gonna drive all the way over to braid my hair smiling face with smiling eyes expressionless face'
b'awww i love getting cute good night texts from no one.'
b'awww my lil cousin was born today \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d cant wait to babysit'
b'awww! thank you for thinking of me, but i already have 3 of them!... however, i can never have enough chocolate'
b"aww good okay, good! i was afraid you took it to be patronizing or awkward.. hope you're doing okay smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i am out of class at 1:50, so you can let me know where to meet up & if you stay a little longer i'll wait smile"
b'aye my dark amiga \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f lmao how you been hopefully you been doing good \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f your a gr8 friend'
b'ay love being wide awake feeling like shit talking to no one'
b'i love, luck is " fate? " ehhhh anyway love the time i am trying to not fall asleep cos its super relaxing'
b"yeah me too. sucks cause i am at work all day then come home too tired to cook lol. and then there's no food to make either"
b'b4 i raise my blood level i move away frm the subject & disclose my attempt 2 b friendly fun & helpful about my'
b'i love the fact that the above question is still being talked about on'
b'baby girl \xe2\x80\x94 i love being called this \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i like oscar isaac. the guy has been doing nothing but great movies!'
b"baby, you're like a snuggie. i want you wrapped around me when i am at home but i would not want to be seen in public with you."
b'back at the doctors, have not been here in forever'
b'back from fire alarm im so cold its raining'
b'back from the on famtrip! it was such an amazing weekend in the rain forest'
b"back in at last from an early fire alarm call at holiday inn plymouth. glad it wasn't raining!"
b'back in pa omg so happy smile'
b'back in sunny uk!'
b'back in the day you could get a family passport photo. note how beautiful my mom and older sister are... me,'
b'back n forth all the time. i love this series cuz the case but oliz n jake drama sometimes make me wanna puke. bring me the case. gladiator'
b'back? nvm nvm. lemme attempt to go back to sleep'
b'back to sleeping in the lorry all week'
b'back to that tome we all know and love'
b'back to the oral surgeon...'
b'back to work unamused face'
b"back when i was a teen, no one sexted. all we had were fax machines, so we'd fux each other"
b"bad bitch i am fuckin ' her good i give her all dick all these niggas some pussy cuz they all wet"
b'bae : " are you mad? " me : " no i am fine " bae : " ok " me : " i just think it\'s funny that... "'
b"not really sis but that's a positive thing! energetic people are fun"
b'bae means " before anyone else " i always thought it was a ghetto word for " babe'
b'bae " means " before anyone else, " i\'ve been here thinking it\'s a ghetto word for babe/baby.'
b'bae might be cute as hell but dumb as fuck'
b'i am missing a sock too.. its black and says " " on it. seen it anywhere? lol'
b'balancing equations in chem is sooo funnn weary face weary face weary face'
b'bald head bitches be thinkin they the baddest hoes be having more attitude than hair. hair do not even touch yo ear. you a bald bitch.'
b'balloons are so weird... " happy birthday, here\'s a plastic sack of my breath "'
b'baltimore :2 days till goes down. please come out and help us show baltimore some love'
b'bam! we are waking up! refuse gmo. refuse non organic. refuse monsanto. refuse doctors who do not talk to you'
b'how stupid were we, this is way cooler than that other shit'
b"fans are wondering will hope leave wyatt, some fans hopes they're sexiest couple the chemistry is incredible. liam/ivy"
b'bank rakyat has a great customer service i think. i said i can not go out to their branch during my lunch break and they come to my school.'
b'can not believe this is a money grab. you can not wish him a happy bd w/o paying?'
b'everytime i fart i make a change? can i get a participation trophy?'
b'have to be a place where even the are locked and like a mess run by them'
b'fuck off. i am surprised that you have not picked up your pen and phone and just did what you want already.'
b'hope and change = hope for a new president because i only have change left in my pockets.'
b'how can we stop and to get you another 8 years in office?'
b'how do you propose we take away all of the guns that are illegally owned and used by gang members in all us cities?'
b'we need to fight with a hundred percent honesty you can not do it i will'
b'plz do me a favour plz allow to fight election in usa is the only guy who can take head on'
b'the world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.'
b"where can i get covered with health insurance for 75 dollars a month that pay for anything. it's a joke"
b"your a great speaker and your making so much sense... let's get elected come on male voters turn out and vote!!"
b"you're busy bashing while nyc is going through shit! you are one fucked up piece of shit! golf next you pussy?"
b'barely half hour sleep in over 24 hours?'
b'i was once timed out in twitchcon chat for posting to many hearts showing my love to twitch. bots are jerks smile'
b'bars are weird its the only business that kicks you out for buying too much of their product'
b'just double checking to see if you are free for aggborough goal fest tonight mon?'
b"based on our twitter names, i think it's best that we all did not have the ability to name ourselves at birth."
b'based on the sound of her walking, my upstairs neighbor seems like the kind of woman that starts sentences with " fee -fi -fo -fum. "'
b"basically anything you buy at the hardware store looks like you're getting ready to take hostages."
b'basically doing nothing today and it feels great smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"basically had to delete half of my iphone for the update... i mean... that's fine..."
b'basically i dont care if you drink or smoke as long as you can hold a conversation about something besides the fact you drink or smoke'
b'as much as i would love a day like this to highlight toxic masculinity, the jerks come out to play today.'
b'bathroom tip : if you run out of toilet paper use cardboard roll as a megaphone and yell " mooooommmmmm! "'
b'bathroom : where i can sing and no body comments on my song'
b'batman based his superhero off what terrified him most. if i followed the same logic my superhero would be listening to voice mail man.'
b'batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.'
b':57 days " party in the usa \xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'me i am real as'
b"i've had the earworm of james taylor's fire and rain all weekend. not even the 36th anniversary of my birth can explain this"
b'breaking that it " may " have been state sponsored, but the 2014 yahoo hack was well known'
b'i took a steroid but i did not cheat \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89 yeah right'
b'general public will be thrilled by plans to involve the word & his wife to make policy etc-jc unable to do it'
b'yes will avoid the town centre for nxt 3 months not good for xmas trade i would think science'
b'cant go by that chart! you make ap look like a winner'
b'john of patmos wrote revelation at turn of 1st century and we still exists. who will write this apocalypse as we go mars'
b'this is so sad my prayers go out to these two elderly people.'
b'bc going to cvs 1130 in pajamas and slides to get sleep & sinus medicine is what i had in mind for tonight'
b'bc having blood shot eyes and being sick is fun :, )'
b"bc we're cute [@just_float_on bc you can not be tagged in pictures that's dumb ]"
b'bday in two weeks good'
b'be a good person, but never waste time to prove it.'
b'glasses yea i can probably get those changed. sleep? now that is something that will need a great deal of effort.'
b'beautiful day for a ride'
b'beautiful day in the burgh'
b'beautiful evening for soccer...'
b'beautiful weather for camping'
b'beautiful weather'
b'beautiful weather were having!!'
b'i missed a bus so i am hit from walking home luckily. i am hoping to even out soon! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'be careful whose toes you step on today because they might be connected to the foot that kicks your ass tomorrow.'
b'be careful who you call ugly in middle school not because they might get hot or something but because its mean'
b'be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.'
b'because 5:30 - 7:00 pm classes are the best! crying face'
b'because almost 1am is the perfect time to feel super sad and lonely.'
b'because being a bitch in front of everyone is so classy.'
b'because going running after i twisted my ankle was a great idea...'
b"because i do not want to get caught by people i do not like. that's why i stay in these woods"
b"because i am happy... :'("
b'because i am that dumb i do not know your tweets are about me'
b'because i wanted to miss 2 important classes today'
b"because of course i'd feel pretty great walking out of my practical only to be crushed by my lecture exam grade... awesome timing boros smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'because of the glare from the sun, of course'
b'because of the rain this weekend, we not have many drinking holes in the garden'
b'because posting all your problems on social media will make every one of them go away...'
b'because surprise quizzes are the best quizzes'
b'because the point is for you to appreciate the visuals along the song lmao if you do not agree w me just ignore me'
b'because we can kill viruses... hypocrite obama decides to send troops against ebola, not isis via'
b"because what i really needed was a fire alarm tonight. it's snowing and raining and cold and my pajama shorts rival gd's tiny shorts."
b"i've never had em olive green so i think that would be cute. thank you smile"
b"i'll let you think what you want... neutral face"
b'nope no doubt another of your oh so funny digs'
b"become a nurse, they said it'll be fun"
b'be crazy, be weird, and do not be afraid of what anybody thinks.'
b'bed rest is honestly such a fucking party. haha.'
b"been a good day for 'writing so good it makes me jealous, furious '. rob smyth's blizzard piece is fantastic :"
b'been doing nothing but writing for the past week do not know but i know the topic is great.'
b'been in chem for an hr and 20 min and we have gotten through 7 slides'
b'been in the car for over an hour and i am not at work yet. gotta love those fools who forget how to drive in the rain.'
b"been locked in my boyfriend's bathroom for an hour because i am not sure if the smell of my poop is gone and he can not know what i did."
b'been sitting outside for a good half hour injoying the weather \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb5\xf0\x9f\x98\x88 but time to sleep. goodnight'
b'been up for way over 30 hours.. i will attempt sleep. wish me luck.'
b'been working nonstop. first day off tomorrow. i am so glad i can finally sleep in and relax.'
b'except for jj watt though. lol'
b'before dating : " you\'re so sassy, i love it " actually dating : " why you always got an attitude? the fuck "'
b'before facebook, i had told maybe six people happy birthday, ever.'
b'before guests come over i always put live snakes in the medicine cabinet because there is no reason you should look in there'
b'before humans and dogs were friends who fixed dog ears when they went inside out'
b'before i die i am going to get my hand stamped just in case i want to come back in.'
b"before i graduate high school i will joy ride the security's golf cart"
b"before i workout, i like to warm up with 10 sets of selfie's."
b"before people get to know me : oh my god you're so shy.. and quiet... it's adorable. after we become friends : dear god do you ever shut up?"
b"before sex, you help each other get naked. after sex, you only dress yourself. moral of the story : no one helps you once you're fucked."
b'before someone gets their drivers license they should have to beat rainbow road on io kart without falling off.'
b'before the internet, we did things and thought things and ate things and had no way of letting strangers know what they were. it was brutal.'
b'before the invention of the train, people had to run a wagon on your mom.'
b"before you make fun of someone's foreign accent, take some time to think about how they speak more languages than you and how you are a failure"
b'before working for j crew : ew turtlenecks now : plz give me them all i am in love'
b'before you begin a serious relationship make sure you agree on the import stuff like children, marriage and levels of pulp in orange juice.'
b'before you decide to spend less time on social media, make sure you go to every social media website and tell everyone.'
b'before you get married, ask yourself ; is this the person you want to watch stare at their phone the rest of your life?'
b'before you marry a person you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.'
b'before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.'
b'be happy in front of people who do not like you, it kills them. this is what meant to her motto " kill them with kindness. " smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'behind every chick who says she has a " stalker " is actually just a normal dude who is responding to her slutty texts.'
b'behind every great woman, there is a guy looking at her ass.'
b"behind every sweet smile there's a bitter sadness no one can see."
b'be honest, you have not even walked a mile in your own shoes.'
b'being a bitch isnt just a hobby at this point, its a lifestyle'
b'being a & a does make one a one who has been married & divorced 4011 times is'
b'being addicted to texting someone... then they suddenly stop replying, & you find yourself checking your phone constantly.'
b'being afraid of north korea is like calling the fbi because someone threatened you in a youtube comment.'
b"being a guy, it's always hard for me to sit behind a girl on two wheeler."
b'being a junior without your license is probably the worst thing possible'
b'being allergic to my own house is one of the greatest things ever. maturity level of both fanbases atm is astounding.'
b"being a man means doing what i want, when i want, and not having to answer to anyone. this is my... shit she's coming. to be continued."
b"being an adult is all about how well you can hide the fact that you're still a kid."
b'being an adult just means telling less people about all the poor decisions you still make.'
b"being angry over someones sexual preference is like being angry over what some stranger behind you orders at mcdonald's."
b'being an internet zombie is fun!'
b'being a person is getting too complicated. time to be a unicorn.'
b'being a stress binge eater is such a good quality to have in college'
b'being at the hospital all day was the highlight of the day face with medical mask'
b'being bitched at is a perfect way to start the week.'
b'being bored is seriously the one thing i like too do.'
b'being concerned about others does not mean you forgo fulfilling your own needs, but that if you do help others there is mutual benefit.'
b'being covered in hives is so fun.'
b'being defriended from facebook, my heart is broken face with tears of joy'
b'being famous must be so hard they probably have to shave their legs like everyday'
b'being forgotten is always fun.'
b"being happy does not mean that everything is perfect. it means that you've decided to look beyond the problems."
b'being hydrated is great, but at what cost?! nothing like waking up from a deep sleep to pee then not falling back asleep.'
b'being ignored a million dollars because i love it so much.'
b'being ignored is always fun..'
b'being ignored is fucking sweet eh?'
b"being in a relationship isn't about kissing, dates or showing off. it's about being with the person who makes you happy."
b'being in college makes you use your debit card like a gift card... " not sure how much is on this but we\'ll give it a try. "'
b'being in the friend zone is like an employer turning you down for a job, then calling regularly, bitching about the person they hired.'
b'being on a calorie deficit and working overtime can really take a toll on you. i am so glad i have at least one day off throughout the week'
b'being pissed off and about to take an exam, what a great combination unamused face'
b'being sick brings out the bitch in me. i should be sick more often \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'being sick is amazing'
b'being sick is awesome smile'
b'being sick is cool unamused face'
b'being sick is my fav unamused face'
b'being sick is so much fun'
b"being single is like a vacuum : it sucks when you're turned on!"
b'being skinny might be nice, but having pizza is nicer'
b'being stuck in traffic is actually awesome when you have blasting!'
b"being the gym w no ear phones more useless than watering a plant while it's raining smfh"
b'being the " third wheel " is so much fun-no one'
b'being this sick is definately how i was to spend my day.'
b"being told that there's nothing good about me and i am an all around bad person was probably the highlight of my day"
b'being too nice can be a problem with me especially when people take advantage of that thats why be a bitch'
b'being yelled at a customer till i cry i love the kind spirits of the holiday season \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'being yelled at by the person you love is heart breaking honestly'
b'very mature! worry justin will love to see this trend, it will show him what nice fans he has! worry'
b'bells its 3am and i am up just waiting to be tweeted so i can finally go back to sleep, love you so much'
b'hopefully i am fully well by next sat which is my birthday if not i will be very upset. face with tears of joy'
b'bellevue looks real nice on the front of the register!'
b"your prob fly over me in in london. i'll be waving at the sky unamused face"
b'good now you can drive me 2 school \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x89'
b'big country where do you most of your hunting? can not wait to see your incoming class between the hedges!'
b'i am ruined but i would give my right arm to be back there! we will get robbo to put some hardcore techno on in the owi'
b'benefits of being friends with me - shitty jokes whenever you ask for them - shitty jokes whenever you do not ask for them'
b'looks like a great time to don a neon rain poncho and go hang out down by the river. likely would get beaten with a tripod though.'
b"be nice to people on your way up so they will not get suspicious when you're rich and you invite them to your island to hunt them for sport."
b'wow you should be a comedian unamused face'
b'i thought he was offering some solid advice that the student body needed to hear'
b'ben! silly question time ha is there anything that makes you sneeze a lot? ha love ya! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'" i can feel the venom pouring out of me as i breathe! " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i think she\'s the greatest human being that\'s ever been born...'
b'pink ties do not make you like like a fag'
b'be optimistic : all the people you hate are going to die eventually.'
b'be right back, gotta go wake up that guy from green day.'
b'when are you going to ask for donna b to resign for shatfing you in the primary? or have you lost all self respect?'
b'did manipulate your position on aca? are you on the take like most of the'
b'oh us men color yes brown is a color get paid less also.'
b'nothing but a sell out and a man for a murder oh well your still human i dont hate you for it just sad your so blind'
b'besng in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.'
b"best comment of the day! 'algebra is a conspiracy to stop girls learning maths ' who knew?!"
b'best friends do not let you do stupid things... alone.'
b'bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does backstabber.'
b'best friends = they know how weird you are and still choose to be seen with you in public.'
b'bestfriend : the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.'
b'best kind of laughter : laughing so hard your laugh becomes silent.'
b"best -lovequotes : dear algebra, please stop asking us to find your x she's never coming back and do not"
b'best moment of my life... i love doctors.'
b'best moment to sleep : 10% - in the evening. 90% - in the morning.'
b'best news is finding out your class is canceled the night before and being able to sleep in. thanks college'
b'who says you have to send your blood pressure soaring to set out a satisfying holiday sprea'
b'best part about arguing is the make upppp'
b'best part about college? not being at school till 3:00 every single day.'
b"best part of being a new mom : unwarranted, condescending advice from strangers. i just realized i need straight a's this year to go to the college i want to go to. i fucked myself over freshman year"
b'best part of the night : getting throat punched.'
b'best start to my birthday ever!'
b'best thing about college is is that everyone gets sick at the same time... unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'best way to sneak past is to avoid loudly arguing!'
b'i am just wondering what in the world is a secret menu when everyone knows about it'
b'be the strange that you want to see in the world.'
b'i kind of feel bad for him though...'
b"wait yes it does because it's the day where i can get away from all the annoying people in my school"
b'i love these jerks that are like " 1 or 2 might slip thru " so who\'s kid is it ok to kill? how many?'
b'better try n attempt to go sleep'
b'love you too &i duhh but i got the homework'
b'between the rats and my overthinking i am not going to get any sleep tonight...'
b'bevng in love withzyou makes every morning worth getting up for.'
b'beware can make you the more i see the more i want to eat.'
b"be wary of someone who calls all their exes crazy. they're probably the reason."
b'be with someone who always wants to know how your day was.'
b'be with someone who gives you the same feeling of when you see your food coming at a restaurant'
b"be with someone who wants to hear all about ur day & lets you know everything's gonna be okay when ur sad"
b'bewwbs : just enjoyin this - or'
b'oh good i thought i was super awkward haha! xxx'
b'beyonc\xc3\xa9 is trying to teach us not to be bitter, take those lemons & make lemonade & let that hurt go, so you can glow'
b'beyond exhausted. can not wait to be done with art history and cuddle up with netflix for the night \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"bff's who encourage each other's bad behavior are basically soulmates, and maybe cellmates, but mostly soulmates."
b"bf gone come home and see ain't no food cooked"
b'love you, thanks for coming! can not wait to hang out'
b'is to funny'
b"bicyclists, it's one thing to hog the road, but it's quite another to expect us to know your fancy hand signals. also, i can see your balls."
b'biden made another racially offensive comment? surely america will display the same outrage as if a republican said it!'
b'i said sweeping and dishes not cleaning a room'
b'we are crazy busy! which is great! gotta step up our social media game though'
b'is the 18 + move for wednesday & its free all night \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'" thats good enough " he then wrapped her around his arm then spreads his dark wings " you ready? "'
b"bigbang and shinee are both under avex? pray for shinee's bluray from the album including the avex concert live like they are"
b'big bear is looking great for this season hope it keeps dumping snow up there see you thanksgiving weekend \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8c\xa8@bear_mountain'
b'it was good. but man it was intense and dark.'
b'ask him how he become so amazing... why everyone loves him... is it hard being so pretty...'
b'big change on twitter?'
b"doing nothing but always present in everyone's talk in the house. she is great and we support her"
b'biggest lie i tell myself : " i do not need to write that down, i\'ll remember it. "'
b'biggest lie of all time : the doctor will be with you in a couple of minutes.'
b'i have to put up with bullies.'
b"did the history homework? i'll love you 5ever face with tears of joy weary face"
b'im glad you find that funny lol im sad.'
b'big shout out to the firetruck that came racing by my house and destroying what little sleep i had left this morning.'
b'big sports night here in the dmv. probably time for most of the fans to start paying attention.'
b'big t shirts & no pants w/ shaved legs & clean sheets is the greatest combination known to man kind'
b'yea and the police had no sense of gaming stupid reckless driving ticket'
b'bikini season is right around the corner unfortunately so is chick fil a'
b'just because you kill every high level person who objects to you does not mean we do not know who you are you repulsive rapist'
b'we need to talk. i am a very important person who you do not know yet. we must stop trump.'
b"bill gates : capitalism can not save us from climate change nor can socialism, gw alarmism, or any other kind of 'ism!"
b'bill gates is so rich, that he thinks he can buy poverty from africa.'
b'you have always been an idol for me so i would appreciate any help for a student with depression be it advice or financial'
b"it's so funny that people legit think obama is gonna go in their homes and steal their guns from then"
b"bill, i was very proud of you on colbert. you should be too. that's exactly what needed to be said & how."
b'you are right about one thing. this election absolutely is referendum on decency & you have proven you have none!'
b"now now billy... it's just a opportunity to play a course that he can never get on"
b'bio is consuming my life'
b'biology & geometry test tomorrow.. good unamused face'
b'bio test in 3 hours and still do not know have of the material'
b'birds are so cute and dumb and pure'
b'birds that land and then walk across the street... what the fuck is wrong with you?'
b'birthday canceled (thanks )'
b"bitch at subway had hickeys on her neck... that's so attractive..."
b'bitches be 16 and 17 with a twin size bed, talking bout some " i hate sleeping alone ". bitch you have no choice'
b'bitches be hannah montana in front there parents... but miley cyrus on facebook'
b'bitches be havin long captions on a pic " deep within the mountains & a bright sun a gorgeous girl was born. " all i see is a hoe in leggings'
b'bitches be like.. " i do not like you " i be like...? keep calm i do not even know who you are'
b'bitches be on instagram making bath time look like a tropical paradise.'
b'bitches be posting twerk videos on facebook, but be too shy to present their project in class.'
b'bitches be trippin. well, i might have pushed that last one.'
b'bitches be tweeting " i am horny. " what do you want me to do? dm you a dick?'
b"bitches be wear 'n anything. why in the mirror all obese think she sexy"
b'bitches b trying so hard to make you mad! face with tears of joy i am living pretty damn well smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes how can you possibly upset me? ooh smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'bitch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.'
b'bitch move from the sunlight. l hate the smell of burning plastic.'
b'bitch reply back now face with tears of joy unamused face lmfao'
b'bitch you should introduce your top lip to your bottom lip and shut the fuck up.'
b'bizkit the sleep walking dog'
b'finish the rest of my chips right now. im so hungry and tired, i cry. i can not say i will not bc i am not a breakfast person. good'
b'raid. hoping to get on tonight or the weekend. i really suck at it.'
b'blackboard, it was super cool of you to stop working in middle of my online assignment. i really do appreciate it.'
b'i was upset when i saw but oh well worry'
b'so, just to be clear, you think gay people and those that speak other languages are ok, right?'
b'blasting hollywood undead. fuck yeah'
b'blessed to have a bestfriend that knows me better than anybody else and has went through hell & back with me and is still here'
b'*blinks* weekend is over'
b'yeah! i was getting dead excited for some rebel-blasting action'
b'and dry humping the air face with tears of joy'
b'blood work in the morning for testing then another round in the afternoon -life'
b'bloody great'
b'this is a major surprise...'
b'happy birthday david! ignore the haters ; there are plenty of the silent majority that greatly appreciate your work!'
b'oh oh makes sense'
b'blows my mind how girls expect vs & michael kors when i would be the happiest girl in the world if you picked a flower out of the ground 4 me'
b"they're great, it's usually always sunny and rain will creep up on you out of no where. oh! & the humidity kills but i still \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f fl"
b"yea that's stan, tweets get fucked up after several hours of drinking beer, but thanks for noticing."
b'blue is the new black xd'
b'bluntess :perfect nails - or'
b'\xf0\x9f\x94\x8a*blurred lines comes on* speaker with three sound waves me : i hate this song me : ew please turn this off me :me :me :... i know you want it microphone multiple musical notes'
b'i think you will look good after the pool.. even better ur all wet.. just a good gesture to u.. lol'
b'we love you! your family is in my prayers. hope your mom is doing better. praying for wisdom for the doctors too! heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'thanks for a fun evening at the improv class. it was a great introduction. can not wait to take more classes.'
b'when will the video schedule for the be posted?'
b'can not wait and i feel sure you guys hit it out of the park!'
b'it was a harsh way to leave! ;( cool'
b'bodyclock has never been so fucked up. thanks uni expressionless face'
b"nope i'll be closing my account monday once my money comes in"
b'your stupid maintenance fee caused my acct to overdraw. i am already a broke college student. insult to injury. i love it.'
b": sure if i'll pen second half of autobiography : naseeruddin -"
b"pffft i had style before i left easthampton. that's why i knew where i wanted to end up."
b'great show guys am tuned in ready for married'
b'ready for marriage guy is not just-not -ready. he is not emotionally connected to her.'
b'a round of applause for that meta love we stay woke. fuck those who are too asleep to think for themselves'
b'boobs make me forget about all the bad things in the world.'
b'boobs : proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.'
b'booked my first driving test'
b'book review enough bant :'
b'boo, one day left and i did not get to try the wine. it was impossible finding a place that sells this wine. mission failed.'
b'bored? simply send a text message to a random number saying : " i am pregnant "'
b'bored, so i am going to find a kid that looks like me and tell him i am him from the future.'
b'borini has changed this game'
b'borrow money from a pessimist - they do not expect it back.'
b'borrow some tools from your neighbor and return them one by one covered in blood until they move.'
b'boss thinks his 9 and 11 year old kids know all of the lyrics ever better than i do.'
b'both classes canceled tomorrow ha i love life \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"both jason and i got into the weekend overwatch beta. i know he will be happy about that. i suck at fps, but i'll test it."
b'bouta knock this homework out of the park then snuggle with my love \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"boy bands should be exploded from a great height. they're just pretty people singing music written by others."
b'boy do i love running sleepy face'
b'boyfriends that take pictures of their girlfriends and post it with something sweet as heck make me smile so much omg'
b': make time for you, even if it\'s just five minutes of the day. "'
b"boy : hey send me a pic ;)girl : ok... promise you will not show any one?boy : i promise i won't.. friends : daaaaamnnn!"
b'boy : " ily ", girl : " awwww, spell it out boy : " i am leaving you... "'
b"boy. it's cold than a bitch"
b"boy. my living leadership class for college students sure is the bee's knees."
b"boys are dumb and they do not matter. stay cute & pay attention in class baby girl. that's all you'll ever need. not no damn boy grinning face"
b'boys are so cute and so dumb'
b"boys are so dumb like they could stab you in the face with a knife and be like what's wrong why are you mad what did i do"
b"boys are the opposite of sour patch kids, first they're sweet then they're sour"
b'boys fall for me because i trip them with my laptop charger'
b"boys : i do not understand why girls are obsessed with their weight. boys : ew she's fat."
b'boys like blondes better " - my mom. she\'s so supportive of me'
b'boys love to say " believe what you want " when they get caught up in a lie loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'boys need to work on keeping their instagram up to date with good pics. i can not show my mom some pic of a fish you caught 120 weeks ago'
b'boy : so, you like bad boys? girl : yeah. boy : well, i am not trying to impress you or anything, but at walmart i enter through the exit.'
b"boy : spell me, girl : am -e. boy : you forgot the d, girl : there's no d in me, boy : not yet."
b'boys that still get influenced by their friends and treat girls like crap because they think they look smart have a lot a growing up to do smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'boys who arent afraid to tell you when they miss you are the best'
b'boys who are willing to give back massages without anything in return are the ones you keep.'
b'boy these hoes leave the get fake in start fuccing yo nigga a soul i trust'
b'boy : " why do you straighten your hair? " girl : " because it makes it longer. " doctor : " okay, tell me again how you burned your penis. "'
b'boy, you know all i do is stay up all night losing sleep over you'
b'if i can just get through his test tm the rest of the day will be great smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'because that was totally the only issue i raised in this entire discussion'
b"yeah of course, love not having a day off ever and i love hangover sunday's in work"
b"it's been great! smile just busy with college life ha"
b'lol well it is a monday so i automatically am looking like a 10.. face with tears of joy'
b'bragging about drinking and smoking makes you look soooooo coooool'
b"hi. absorb here and i hope you've had a great week so far. it sounds like you're busy as ever"
b"brain : here's a good memory with someone who ended up really hurting you me : why did you bring me this brain : just because"
b'brain : instead of going to bed now, lets stay up another 5 hours doing nothing productive. me : why brain : you gotta'
b"oh that's nice, i do not need some fag to believe me"
b'and quetta is my first favourite'
b'but i am and i am a'
b"breaking news : after the excitement of finishing filing all the b's yesterday, today i start on the c's. work is so exciting! -_-"
b'breaking news : drake has agreed to donate some of his eyebrow hair to lebron james hairline.'
b'i will gladly exchange my right to carry a gun for the right to carry a medical marijuana card.'
b'breaking : vikings rb adrian peterson expected to play sunday vs. saints after missing 1 wk amid child abuse allegations. surprised'
b'break the silence! a voice an echo the good fight'
b'i have to wait until after school to get a card and put money on my itunes account'
b'breathe if you want to date me *everyone holds their breath and dies* oh'
b'love you too jerk'
b'i think she needs more make up!'
b'lol thanks and tell her ima get fucked up face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'oh. yeah. hahaahahaha ugh i luv them all tho smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'yeah. my body is covered in hives'
b'this is more contemptible than the former :'
b'been there, done that... this week actually.. have fun being wide awake until 3:30am face throwing a kiss sending love'
b'we do not have lights, air and no wifi \xf0\x9f\x98\x8ai love la joya smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes "'
b"bro that's so childish like what's the point of a license without a car? thank god my sister drives tbh face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'bring back henery'
b'and i are clearly the best ones on our intramural volleyball team'
b'british women can take a contraceptive injection at home for the first time'
b'i would like to know of you can not seem to get out from under a controlling family member what?'
b'love how your back brit! love you, looking wonderful too'
b'this one is the best second album of you ever \xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4\xe2\x9d\xa4'
b"good then you'll be free this weekend you can treat yourself to awkward animals face with tears of joy yeah girl people were going crazy over here"
b'will follow back hoping to hit 1k asap'
b'broccoli : " i look like a tree. " walnut : " i look like a brain. " mushroom : " i look like an umbrella. " banana : " dude! change the topic. "'
b'hahahaha how i miss sharing a wall with you'
b'bro. i am covered in hives from head to toe.'
b"bro it's only 2:56 smh i swear it feel like 4 or 5 smh i am literally sitting up like it's wayy later in the day smh lol"
b'broken finger and a green card 5 minute penalty. great game ( )'
b"broken phones aren't fun. so if you need to get a hold of me just send me a facebook message."
b'because us discussing who is going to be 1st or 2nd will change or predict how things go..'
b'i need you to go to jail on tuesday morning, sis.'
b'bronchitis, eat infection and a fever. makes for a great start to my labor day weekend'
b'bronchitis is so much fun'
b'i was literally typing out a text about how pinterest just put way too many thoughts in my head ha'
b'brooklyn girls love the way it goes down'
b"well i kinda meant the poor family next door, but they're probably gone. idc bout the upstairs elephants"
b'are you finishing your lab tonight'
b'bros before hoes " is something a bro without a hoe would say.'
b'have spent all day trying to get mfc-j5910dw printer to connect to google account... just get " internal error " happy sad'
b'bro your pizza smell like the inside of my boots after a long hot day at work. do not bring that in the bus'
b': college makes you realize how dumb, broke, and ugly you really are. " shit. that means i have a lot to look forward to'
b'can not wait to feed your kids straight sugar when i babysit next'
b"no wonder there's no food when i come home \xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe"
b'yes those are often words that spring to my mind to describe you'
b'bryson was amazing last night. i love how much he showed his appreciation. really think i might make that move to see him again tonight'
b'btw first rule of asking a question, know the answer.'
b'btw mom, thanks for not waking me up smile missed the doctors appointment'
b"btw, the incoming storm has been upgraded. that's what we like to hear! the forecast was for a few inches on the"
b"it's gonna be so unbelievably lit i am going there for the summer and i swear i am working like never before there"
b': saved yourself being suspended with the " son of pike'
b'awesome. i can not wait. overdue. plus my kids are in school so my lil girl will not beg to come watch'
b'bugs are so rude they just land on you and completely violate your personal space like wtf is your problem man'
b'building without a permit, driving without a license : the tom hyland lifestyle'
b"building women's history games this month. i can not wait to see the finished products."
b'built my own lane aint no nigga ever hand me shit'
b'bumping into people you kinda know but also dont in public is so awkward like do i greet you or pretend you dont exist'
b'bump that music...'
b'bungee jumping is like getting head from an ugly girl. it feels great but just do not look down.'
b'yep and this guy only got 5 weeks'
b'burnt biscuit and hot chocolate that taste like coffee... morning is off to a good start...'
b'burnt my finger on a glue gun looks super and'
b'burnt out, 2 more work days then a nice week off, need some fun back in my life'
b'\xc2\xa9he was loosing his virginity again *'
b'bushy ass eyebrows are great for rain'
b'8-10 am free breakfast + bus ride to polls. 12-2pm free lunch + bus ride to polls. because the dnc loves you all.'
b'absolutely pathetic this is the headline story n not about racist piece of crap egyptian who refused to shake israeli hand'
b'cuz she looks like a clueless liberal whose never created a job in life ever and wants to take more of your money'
b': to invest in any domestic airline : emirates -'
b'this reminds me of batman. he too is a billionaire king in his tall building. he too comes out to clean the swamp outside.'
b'busy day at the office - on here, just brewed up some jet fuel on my bunn k-cup, all while being a fashion scofflaw...'
b"busy day! busy is great... contact us to see what we we're doing and how we can keep you busy developing/ managing your business"
b"busy days but i'd rather be workin hard towards something great than be ignorant enough to sit & wait for it"
b"but also a fire alarm going off when it's freezing and raining is not great"
b'but can not even get 2 them unless i download the app'
b'but glad you do not mind telling people.'
b"but honestly i feel like i've earned my accidental random encounter with a celebrity by now"
b'but how can i sleep when the boys upstairs sound like elephants lol bye'
b'but i can not go to sleep without cleaning my room & getting in the shower \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'but i can not help falling in love with you teach me how to move on from a night filled with pag-ibig at sakit. loudly crying face'
b'... but if twitter crashes cause of news how will i know what some people had for breakfast?'
b'but i have been not to good this year hoping to get back on top next year hit me up if you need event photos doing'
b'but i am glad that bitch da is gone'
b'but i am hurting that i am that excited to see it'
b"but i am like 25% greek (no joke ) through my *sperm donor *'s side of the family i have the right to say gaga is on my homeland lmfaoo"
b'but i am literally terrified of bringing them around whoever i hangout with because of good looks.'
b"but it's cute you thought we were face with tears of joy"
b"but it's the last lab soo good i guess"
b"but i've been wanting them since high school so good for me"
b'but mom what if i get kidnapped? " mom : trust me, they\'d bring you back'
b'but nothing beats marine wife life'
b"but of course, at the end of the day no one cares. if nd loses next weekend at stanford, they suck in many peoples ' eyes"
b'but people begged and begged to change the policy if rain should happen to come past halfway this weekend'
b'but really though smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'but sadly puberty still did not make me hot i am so pissed'
b"but seriously taking college algebra was the best decision of my life. i've never gotten so many 100s on tests face with tears of joy"
b'but surely can save me till death. the apple watch will not save you from death. "'
b'butterflies? i feel the entire zoo in my stomach when i see you.'
b'but the others, hell yeah i have been blasting them all day'
b"loll it's got some really good foggy and matt history & some excellent angst smile"
b'but when i come home from work aint no food cooked for me.'
b'but good because my schedule is cool and i only have tuesday and thursday classes'
b'but youre in love with jerks etc'
b'buy all your socks in one color - problem of the missing sock solved!'
b'buying a donut at store : other guys :2 donuts virgin guy : pack one donut'
b'buy me cute underwear and oversized hoodies and let me fall asleep in your lap'
b'buzzing to work another rangers game'
b'sounds like fun'
b'happy birthday homie love yuh, have a nice day while i work face throwing a kiss \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x9c\xa8'
b'n i tend to sleep a lot in an attempt to ignore my problems so bye'
b"by all means, if you get a good wife, you'll become happy ; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher."
b'by far the best text i have received in a really long time. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'by sketchy he means he is running things and does not want to get caught'
b'by the end of summer i just wanna be an upgraded version of myself'
b'ummm duh a bunch of lil alex n ashleys are gonna be so funny i cant wait to babysit'
b"cab driver asked me if i like music. i said yeah and now he's blasting magic. why is it always me face with tears of joy"
b"if you're going to silo your ideas then i'll be forced to move this conversation over to geonet."
b'would love to know how willard is still in charge. being up early and missing free throws late is the shu way apparently'
b'caitlin : " guys i am allergic to the cold " me : " except that\'s not a thing " cait : *whips out photo of bare ass covered in hives *'
b'i have that affect on people... jk miss you too. face with tears of joy'
b'calc first thing in the morning was such a great idea'
b'caleb is so stupid, your sister is obviously a murderer. why must the cute ones be so dumb'
b"california mom convicted in daughter's microwave death (wow. the microwave?!?)"
b'your hair was on point today. smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy'
b"calling me ugly isn't even an insult because i know already"
b'calling someone ugly lowers a persons self esteem unamused face cool'
b'call me crazy, but i really prefer the term mentally ill.'
b'i am going to bed cuz a miracle happened and i finished homework before 11, but i wanted to say good night and that ur awesome'
b'call me nemo, cause i am not afraid to touch the butt.'
b'call me old school, but i think your shorts should be longer than your vagina.'
b'call of duty will really have a guy thinking about joining the army... then you realize how many times you died.'
b'call to " disabled people have not got 5 years to wait for a government as too many will be dead by then "'
b'yeah good banter from you'
b"ha by then it'll be a whole new surprise because you might forget you ordered! smile"
b"i'll be thinking if you while i am sleeping lol"
b"does he have a chip is he undefeated and we're still arguing on if he's the best player on his team we know steph is"
b'came out from a test to see that my clippers are doing great loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b': i am perfectly fine with you dumping all of your problems on me, i want to do anything to help you " yey great man do that'
b"i've been waiting for that time soooooo long! i am so happy, i can not wait to see you start posting!!"
b'same like i cant sleep unless its cold i feel like that the only way i can relax'
b'thats fucked up thanks face with tears of joy'
b'you can pay my phone bill too if you want.'
b'algebra 2 is the best'
b'campus alerts make me feel so safe'
b'can 2014 be the year i become attractive'
b'can already tell 3 hour bio labs are gonna be loads fun'
b'can always count on pleasant weather when returning home to england from a holiday'
b'can anyone recommend a good movie to kinda listen to while i stare at my phone?'
b'can a woman make you a millionaire? yes, but only if you are a billionaire.'
b'can be bothered.'
b'cancel brithday plans anguished face great! doing nothing now weary face'
b'canceled the 5:10p parkway express bus without telling the folks on the line until 5:15p. now have to wait for 5:30p. thanks.'
b"cancelled my train again great start to the week. but that's ok because my mate says you're really efficient."
b'cancer or not, for her crimes if convicted, she must spend the rest of her life in jail. " " wow'
b'canelo and cotto are both great fighters and filled with class. i can not wait to see them fight'
b'can everyone come to my funeral in fbi outfits, stand at the back & not say a word to my parents so they think i lived a cool double life.'
b'can go home on d3 night good'
b'can gossip girl come back with a spin off about chuck and blair after marriage? i would binge watch the crap out of that'
b'can i apologize in advance for basically everything i will ever do'
b'can i be in one of music videos? lmao'
b'can i be on the " stars! they\'re just like us! " page in us magazine cuz i shaved one leg but forgot to shave the other.'
b"can i borrow a kiss? i promise i'll give it back."
b'can i copy your homework? " " yeah but i do not know if its right... " " i do not care.'
b"can i get a hell yeah if you do not know what you're doing with your life and you do not get enough sleep"
b'can i get a high five if ur an emotional wreck who eats too much food'
b'can i get a scholarship for eating?'
b'can i get paid to eat because im really fucking good at doing it every 5 mins'
b'can i have her phone number after she loses her virginity, i believe in recycling!'
b'can i have your attention please : oh... i have nothing to say, i just crave the spotlight.'
b"can i just drop it like it's luke warm? it's been a long day and i am tired."
b'can i just fast forward my life to the point where all this pain and suffering is just a bad memory.'
b'can i just get my hair done and it not rain?'
b'can i just move to new york to have a cute lil penthouse already'
b"can i just skip to the part of my life where i've got 7 digits in my bank account and vacation in hawaii"
b'can i play with your hair? " is basically a marriage proposal god yes you can play with my hair'
b'can i see your phone? " " one second " *delete, delete, delete* " okay here you go.'
b'can i sell my feelings cause i dont want them anymore'
b'can i sell my feelings on because i do not want them anymore.'
b'can i skip this whole school thing and go to the part where i am a billionaire'
b'can i skip to the part of my life where i am financially stable and have someone to sleep next to every night'
b'can i sleep for 3 years and wake up with my degree already'
b'can i sleep for 4 years please and wake up with everything that i want'
b'can i sleep one more day? can i have one more sunday? good morning ppl, have a great week \xf0\x9f\x91\xb1\xf0\x9f\x8c\x8e'
b'can i take a break from everyone for just a lil while'
b'can monday come any faster'
b'cannamagazine : cannabis conferences in south florida spark high... - or'
b'can not get enough of new album. it is literally everything. need to see her live, like asap.'
b'can not wait for my train back to leeds next monday after two days on it at the festival next weekend'
b'can not wait for the " why am i tanner than you when you go to school in florida " when i get home'
b'can not wait to hear this kids comments today in class...'
b'can one of my friends have a baby so i can babysit, oh wait i only have one friend, so have a baby.'
b'can someone tell me?out there in twitter land my tweets only go back to 6 days ago? i know i rant on what s safe vehicle toyota are'
b'can still sleep for half hour'
b"can not belive it's our last night in our apartment sad grinning face with smiling eyes face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss xxx"
b'can not decide if i want to put my soup in the microwave for 30 seconds & have luke warm soup or 31 seconds & have 3rd degree mouth burns'
b"can not decide whether to watch monsters university or workaholics rn... it's hard bc they're just so similar!"
b'can not even put into words how wrong last night went either'
b'can not focus on homework because tomorrow is the start of the most awesome week smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"can not get over how good it's gunna be, shame we've got like atleast 2 years to wait xd"
b'can not nobody love more than i can, lol.'
b'cant ride for someone who keeps jumping in and out of the car'
b'can not see the word " literally " without reading it in the voice of rob lowe as chris traeger in parks & rec.'
b'can not sleep at night, can not get up in the morning.'
b'can not sleep. have to be at my store in four hours.'
b'cant someone from internetmana just take the media to the nsa building right now, storm the ramparts and just'
b'can not stop laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy her fake sneeze is sooooo cute face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i like this video and i really love her face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'can not think of a better way to start off my day than with a 8am microbiology class'
b'can not trust no bitches yeah they lie!'
b'can not understand how those quotes are related to the pictures that girls post these days'
b'cant wait 2 dip outta highschool and be done with all the assholes'
b'can not wait for austins cough to go sleeping face'
b'cant wait for class!'
b'can not wait for detention tomorrow'
b'can not wait for kyrie to come back weary face weary face weary face any day now.. cough, cough'
b'cant wait for life to be " fun " once you\'re out of highschool'
b'can not wait for nutrition.'
b'can not wait for the anime only watchers to witness the greatest bromance in history.'
b'can not wait for the day i finally have a cough free day.'
b'cant wait for the day i have my own cute lil apartment in new york with my 2 dogs and boyfriend'
b'can not wait for the game tomorrow. lot of history between me and them smiling face with horns'
b'can not wait for the rain to ruin my hair! \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait for these history quizzes to be history'
b"can not wait for these new episodes of amazon's the man in the high castle."
b'can not wait for this cough to go away so i can run again. babylungs is struggling rn'
b'can not wait for this semester to be over so i will not have to hear this guy cough in class anymore.'
b'can not wait for tonight ; tv & chocolate (&cough mixture ) with boo house with garden'
b'can not wait for videos of niall drunkenly singing history with entire pubs during the hiatus'
b'can not wait for warmer weather so i can just throw on a dress and people will be like " omg you look so cute " and i did not even have to try.'
b'can not wait til i can finally tweet " *insert college* mt class of 2020 " but that will not happen until april so boohoo'
b'can not wait till manziel has sterling shepard next year and josh gordon (if he can stop drinking the cough syrup ). and maybe a decent o line'
b'cant wait til my niece & nephew are 18 and they dont need me to babysit for them anymore and i can bring them to the pub w/ me instead lmao'
b'can not wait to actually start my life. high school is so temporary i feel like some people really forget that.'
b"can not wait to babysit ali's puppy loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'can not wait to babysit niya smiling face with heart shaped eyes lol'
b'can not wait to babysit smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'cant wait to be done with highschool man weary face'
b'can not wait to be married and have married friends and all have houses with a career and have bbqs and big families'
b'can not wait to celebrate my birthday in boot camp... expressionless face'
b'can not wait to come home and get lit! *cough@sylvia_shalah cough *'
b'can not wait to cough all night'
b'can not wait to cough like a maniac through all my classes tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'can not wait to delete everything on my phone to get ios8... unamused face'
b'can not wait to do a whole lot of nothing today...'
b'can not wait to get drenched on my walk to class \xe2\x9a\xa1\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'can not wait to get my license and own car so i can sing as loud as i want without anyone telling me to shut up'
b'can not wait to get out class i already know what i want to go eat'
b'can not wait to get sweaty as fuck in a pit at courteeners'
b'can not wait to get sweaty in the tache on saturday'
b'can not wait to get this sponsorship *coughcough*'
b'can not wait to get torn to shreds at my piano lesson'
b'cant wait to get up at 3am to stand in the cold with your parents and watch you get sweaty smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'cant wait to get up at 3 and drive all the way to ac'
b'can not wait to get up bright and early tmrw!'
b'can not wait to go back to gate 2 *cough* i mean masoc lol'
b'can not wait to go back to school tomorrow cx it will be friday too. oh da joy'
b'cant wait to go home and babysit'
b'can not wait to go home and do my research paper!'
b'can not wait to go home and suck my birds toes'
b'can not wait to go home, shower, and take some nyquil and pass ouuuuut. this cough is getting ridiculous'
b'can not wait to go to class today'
b'can not wait to go to dallas so i can see what this cough is about seems like an upper respiratory infection persevering face i been sick since halloween'
b'can not wait to go to school tmw to see what my day looks like'
b'can not wait to go to work and cough all over subways aha love being sick'
b'can not wait to graduate highschool and not have to worry about getting called to the principals office for my social media'
b'can not wait to have surgery tomorrow...'
b'can not wait to hear about this surgery tomorrow'
b'can not wait to hear everyone complain if mr. gasser tells us we are running outside today.'
b'can not wait to hear more gossip from my girl about her trip to new york *cough* rap royalty common *cough*'
b'can not wait to make this 10 min walk to class to sit and listen to my bob barker lookin ass prof talk for an hour fifteen.'
b'can not wait to move back to good ole bhs. southside charter highschool is not the place for me, to put it in the nicest way. grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'can not wait to move into our new house, do not worry you can still babysit us, we are still in america.'
b'can not wait too get all sweaty in school?'
b'cant wait to reunite with my middle school friends on monday i missed them so much'
b'cant wait to run for personal foul penalties'
b'can not wait to see tomorrow in this fixture saw the debut of for the club, and the rest is history'
b"can not wait to see gabbert do that next week vs seattle... or maybe i've had to much cough medicine today"
b'can not wait to see more of your breast feeding selfies.'
b'can not wait to see the doctor again for this chronic cough'
b'can not wait to sit in all the traffic at sherrifhall to get to uni'
b'can not wait to sit through 6 hours of lab tonight!?'
b'cant wait to sleep in til... 8 tomorrow... then get up and write my paper lol. ugh'
b'cant wait to start waking up early everyday for my 6am shifts'
b'can not wait to start work in a hour.'
b'can not wait to stay at school for 3 more hours to finish my excel project -_-'
b'can not wait to take my physics test tomorrow!'
b'can not wait to wake up early to babysit!'
b'can not wait to watch my awkward self on video during spanish tomorrow in front of the entire class ((-:::'
b'can not wait to watch the mamas *cough* yg family concert *cough*'
b'can not wait until friday when we get to wear our band uniforms in 90 degree weather?'
b'can not wait until summer shows up again cause that means no school the place i hate with a passion face with tears of joy'
b'can not wait until this daft cough goes away so i can get back to the gym.'
b'smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes so in love with this smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'*cant wake up in the morning* *cant fall asleep at night *'
b'can not we just go back to the time where we are so close to each other. just talking about how we love bands. just fangirling. im missing it.'
b'can you imagine if someone gave you a list of all the little things they love about you like the way you sneeze or how you subconsciously bite ur lip!'
b'can wait till i start school smirking face bout to fuck it up'
b'can wait to start my day bright and early tomorrow'
b"can walmart be a feeling? i think that's how i feel today."
b'can we just appreciate the sushi i made from scratch (ignore the rest of my kitchen )'
b'can we just round up all the people who are still enthusiastically playing " blurred lines " and quarantine them somewhere'
b'can we skip school and fast forward to when i am rich and spend all my time traveling?'
b'can we skip this whole " college " thing and go straight to the part where i have a really awesome job and spend all my time traveling?'
b'can we talk about how i got stuck at work for 9 hours today lol cool'
b'can you back off my best friend? before you piss me off too, that would be great thanks unamused face'
b'can you come in at 6 am? sure...'
b'can you die from constipation? i am a little worried with how full of shit some people are.'
b'can you imagine the first ever cuss word? bob : fuck! james : what was that? bob : i do not know.. it just felt.. right'
b'can you please just like evaporate or somehing bc your face and personality just happen to piss me off. thanks smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'can you tell i am trying to impress people at work?'
b"you got us babe no worries ;)) we're always here and love you more than any one of those low life jerks around you ever could"
b'capitalism needs so much more than that and democratic socialism has a lot to say on the matter'
b"good idc if i'll have to go with you to your classes again lol i need to make another trip up it's much needed!"
b'i never stopped being mad about that i am just manipulating them'
b"career goal : be the guy at now that's what i call music! who listens to everything and decides what's music."
b"care less and you'll stress less."
b'aaaaw just looked at the pic again! he sounds like a right charmer face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'care plans suck weary face'
b'carl b phillips - great rain | yes lord radio - tune in ='
b'i am not really sure why a redskins fan would not like you making fun of the cowboys.'
b'interesting piece on victorian crime writing'
b'it was a good comeback though'
b'car rides without music = awkward'
b'do ur homework so you can get real smart and get a super awesome job & buy all the food you want and so you can go cool places \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9d\xa3'
b'car tax, mot & insurance all due by the end of next month, hate that it all falls right at christmas time too! expressionless face'
b'cartoons : the only place where you can wear the same thing everyday and nobody cares'
b': dude beside me in class never comes on thursdays and brought a drink in a red solo cup today. " my bfffff'
b'how do i sleep after that great perfomance? nyovest ur great'
b'but it makes cycling in the rain a lot more comfortable and enjoyable'
b'casually looking online for a new car... because i am totally in the market to make that kind of purchase smirking face pensive face'
b'first class - only complaint, please make the episodes an hour long instead of half an hour. absolutely fantastic show.'
b'cat cafe is opening on college st. soon. excuse me while i line up to be covered in hives from kitty snuggles \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb'
b'catching the bus to town is so dear now, its cheaper just to buy a day saver'
b"catching up on vs leicester and wishing i hadn't. i'd give my right arm for some players with the desire and directness of lcfc."
b"catch me (i'm falling ) [hd ] - pretty poison in joy video time is over disappointed face"
b'are you still there? i have to prepare myself for school but i wanted to wait for you before you sleep kissing face with closed eyes'
b'cats would be even more stuck up if they knew how much the internet loves them.'
b'cause homework is fun'
b'cause nothing like you and me'
b"cause that's just makes me feel wonderful"
b'cause when i take night pics & will i be able to download music without got though the apple store'
b'cause you my noy and got done arguing who was the best'
b'cause your doing so much convincing!'
b'i literally just stepped on a mechanical pencil while cleaning my room a gigantic piece of led then got in my foot'
b'how do people with that sensitive an allergy even function out of their homes? i love my peanuts, can not imagine life without them.'
b"amazing work on the history of x -men, can not wait till you get a hold on one of my fav childhood saga's aoa"
b'if a suspect is fair skinned and has blonde hair and blue eyes do you hunt for a dark skinned, dark haired, brown eyed suspect? no!'
b'thank you justin for bringing us the weather in the morning. now you can reset your alarm clock!'
b"you're being talked about on by said he heard you busking and love your voice!"
b'i have not done homework since the first day of school'
b'never underestimate the power of hand written thank you cards'
b"better to read it. it's hilarious. that might be fun to tweet as a movie it's just a slog and they have zero chemistry together."
b'i know shes hurting me today \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90 and shes excited to meet her little tater thotnie \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'celebrating throwback thursday by throwing back some benadryl in an attempt to sleep what a time to be alive am i right people'
b'cell phones have completely ruined the fun of pushing a fully clothed person into a pool.'
b'at least there is feminism to comfort you :'
b'cereal is an acceptable meal at all times of the day'
b'cereal is an appropriate meal to eat at any hour of the day'
b'cesc fabregas says he has been suffering sleepless nights during miserable season :'
b'yeah i had eric josh and some other clown blasting me for something that had 0 to do with danny'
b'champagne exploded all over hotel bedroom floor and my dress. great start to the'
b'ha they were never nice. guess i am not cool enough pensive face'
b'changed my wi -fi network name to being_held_captive_call_police_not_joking and got no response. my neighbors are worse people than i thought'
b'changing my twitter name to ~~september~27th~~'
b'we just had a test bro i passed it great 79'
b'chapstick is an entire industry based on you losing the product and buying more.'
b"that shit was my jam everyday in highschool lol. i can not wait for the new game even tho it's over hyped."
b'fuck you i am busy on your bday bitch " you literally will not be my friend anymore.'
b'um excuse me sir, but it was our first day of calculus, did i miss the homework already or did you mean in the future?'
b'you should come! diane and i will entertain you and make you eat food that you will either love or make you wanna puke face with tears of joy'
b'cheating is not an accident... falling off a bike is an accident! you do not trip and fall into coochie'
b"cheating on someone who is all about u? you're dumb as fuck"
b'checked my checking account and it has a balance of -$5. 64. the real world is fun'
b'checking out pitch night at can not wait to see what this class has come up with.'
b"check out this week's wrap of interesting digital literature from"
b'wth why did you go and i got stuck babysitting?!? in 30 minutes, fab dropped coke and chips and ripped up pieces of papers.'
b'cheeks hurting from smiling much feel happy proud excited dont know which should feel first 5hgroupoftheyear'
b"cheer up! you're the reason that other people feel better about themselves."
b'same talent as you. blowing people to get where you are'
b'valium is much better 3 1/2 hr nap and doesnt matter about screaming kids totally oblivios to everthing but sleep'
b'oh yeah, been up working since 315am. probably not as early as you. have a blessed week.'
b'forever laughing at your tweets about upstairs elephants & thinking of the tiki dancer. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i am done.'
b'chem homework and waiting for my next class. such an awesome album'
b'chemistry exam tomorrow means i am gonna be up all night and look like a mess in the morning. good school!'
b'chemistry has decided to work today. this is a fun new thing.'
b'chemistry is fun actually face with tears of joy'
b'chemistry is fun relieved face but you cool i knew you since forever and we still cool you my lil dude with yo ugly ass'
b'chemistry was way much more fun when mrs. brock was the teacher microscope'
b'chem lab is pretty exciting'
b"miss you on the tube in stl but i'd give my right arm to have extended time in nz. hope it's going well for you!"
b'chez say today my last day on twitter he say it must go face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'really i can not wait until tomorrow to watch it but i will cause i took cold meds for my cough'
b'chicks be putting anything on their face talking bout some " face beat " yesssss literally your face looks beat up weary face loudly crying face'
b"chief keef is still outside the vma's pushing the door that says pull"
b'childhood is like being drunk everyone remembers what you did except you.'
b'children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.'
b'chilling with the sis'
b'chilly and sunny the next several days. no real rain chances until the weekend'
b'" goddess is good " thank you 4 all ur wisdom, these girls are still " wet behind their ears ", and need to be schooled, ol \' school.'
b'chinese food to go to get it 62getting home and realizing they forgot 1 of your containers... riceless'
b'yeah i guess but why you being a child n blasting my twitter when you can tell me whatever you think'
b"chips have little nutritional value. that's why you need to eat the whole bag."
b'choked in front of everyone in the lounge today and thought i was gonna die.. highlight of my day unamused face'
b'choose a job you love & you will never have to work a day in your life. - confucius'
b'choose your friends carefully. they are the ones who tag you in photos.'
b"chose video games over talking about homework with me. wow. i am shocked. thanks bae. leave in my time of need that's awesome thanks."
b'chris brown ft tyga & ty - nothing like me'
b'i am very proud of the parent you are and will become.'
b'im 47 and ive never seen dancemoves like this you just blew me away that was like some matrix elusion wowwwwww'
b'chris brown is beating up people who are more talented than he is. so everyone on the planet is next. except you flo rida, you can chill bro'
b"chris brown might just be in a fight club that he's not allowed to talk about."
b"when my teacher ask who the finest music artist you already know it's you like whoever think you ugly retarded"
b'& you run the state! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy "'
b'i can not wait til your book finally comes out so i can read it to all my cousins and kids i babysit grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight i blew off homework for three ap classes to see the martian with my cousin, and i have zero regrets. (film was awesome )'
b'would we be able to get past racism if everyone admitted they are racist?'
b'snap story is a funny as this'
b'so i was gonna spam but i noticed that you already hit 6k awkward but good'
b'love your brutal honesty because you say exactly what most are thinking. are you truly a celebrity?\xf0\x9f\xa4\x94'
b'what if you fell and broke your jaw? you would have told yourself a million times, " i should have eaten the damn crepes "'
b'christian mingle : god has hidden a spouse for you on our website. pay us and see if you can find them.'
b'well that was close game'
b'christmas is all about family... and harassing your exes & ruining their holiday'
b"christmas is in 4 days and i've never felt less christmassy in my life"
b'christmas is less than a week away... who else does not feel the excitement?'
b'awesome! glad i wrote that reference'
b'chubbybluntz : ready for the drive down to oregon! - or'
b"i took a break too - was burnt out. just have fun and enjoy some down time. hang in there, it'll be worth it!"
b'cianna is flyer than most'
b'yea because a bloody mary for supper would really stack on the pounds ha'
b'what a great guy! this busy mom needs to remember this tomorrow morning!'
b'thank you for hiring the most inconsiderate staff that lack customer service skills to run your facilities.'
b'great campaign. dumping is way too common place'
b'thanks for the help unamused face'
b'why not fall asleep with the person you fell in love with?'
b'my license was suspended without my knowledge lol'
b"yeah that's it ha"
b'clase solo d videos... good what fun pouting face'
b'classes on fridays are the worst, i hate this day weary face'
b'class from 8 -5:45... what a perfect day'
b'class til 10. so friggin excited'
b'classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a test : f final grade : f'
b'physics and chemistry are so fun'
b"claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces. for example : i am going to the liquor store and i am scared that it's closed."
b'might get a loan. ask your work. surely working at a bank has its perks. or just rob your work on your lunch break'
b'clay and i are having wayyyy too much fun with the new voice filters on snapchat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'cleaning my room is just putting away clothes, bc before i put them away they take over my floor!'
b'cleaning the car is sooo fun -. -'
b'cleaning up room before leaving joho. is playing in the background.'
b'clean ur room the cleaning lady is coming " -mom'
b'clear history button has saved lives more than all superheroes ever did.'
b"clearly not the only one who wants dev's alarm clock from thank you internet!"
b"cleverley texted me saying he hopes the best for me and that he's going to come back and take my job"
b'if you have green eyes, they will look super good on you! i have dark brown eyes & they look pretty natural, perfect amount of'
b'clifford - disabled people do not have 5 years to wait for labour govt., too many of our brothers and sisters will be dead'
b'clinical is love'
b'clinic all day next week since school is out \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. those days will drag!'
b"clinicals at dr. budai's office makes me love kids more & more each day loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'clinicals in the a. m... gotta love those early mornings'
b'clinicals suck so bad, but i love it at the same time grinning face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'clinton soccer walkin around like they run shit lol'
b'clippers might as well play this fast pace from now on if they can shit. they low key better built for it'
b'close my fucking door when you leave my room.'
b'closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.'
b'closing in on 20,000 words. hoping to hit halfway point before i sleep. this is what i get for starting 10 days late!'
b'closing tonight then gotta wake up early for a lab tomorrow white frowning face'
b'club goin \' up!.. on a tweet us or for ft. " tuesday "'
b"it'd be nice to know if you got hurt. thanks for keeping in the loop"
b"you're funny! do other countries ever help out like we do with world problems?!?!"
b'pre calc is off to a strong start this year "'
b'cnat wait for my little get away this weekend, finally,., now to call bryners mother so she can babysit. lol'
b'i made up my mind as quickly as that myself. charlie'
b'well the threat of a lawsuit is one way to keep people from telling the truth about you.'
b"yeah shoe and hand size is such a lie i used 2 fuck a guy massive hands and feet 4 inches hard at best and that's being generous"
b'i will tell you all you lost millions of viewers do not think when election is over & ur done kissing hillary ass alls forgiven'
b'are we supposed to believe rio,who gave us raining stairs & green pools?or do we believe the video that shows them lying on ground?'
b'all weekend the bottom of the screen read " trump says only way he loses pa is if dems cheat " no other news to cover.'
b'breaking news black man does not fall in line what are we to do'
b'let me guess he just wants to move on and put this behind him. mf'
b'politics is in their blood. even at their current age.'
b'so, after his vaca? good to know the american people come second to his golf game.'
b'come on wolf. do not act surprised, some systems are rigged, others broken. will you ever get specific? or do you like things this way? speak no evil monkey'
b'left out that she had something to say to obama not acknowledging support.'
b'did i just witness the mayor arguing with a clinton lawyer?\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b'who the hell is page pate and why do we have to listen to him dismiss the influencing of an election.'
b'every time a question was asked of dt and his people the answer has to include the clintons. would rather hear a straight answer.'
b'except for trump, he goes in the basket of deplorables.'
b'give me a fuckn break like get a life ppl'
b'having a discussion about black people with more white people is like men deciding if women should be paid more'
b'how are we supposed to know wtf he is talking about or what he means if his people do not know. and not because of cheating'
b'how can anyone be closer to trumps? he does not have one.'
b'hows do it feel to be part of the corruption for the democrats?'
b'i do not know why i feel this guy ll take the world to 3rd world war, his mistake about russia can make him hitler'
b'if he wants to sit down let him sit on the bench'
b"if you feel the need to post negative hateful comments, it's because you're insecure about your own sexual preference. psychology 101"
b'if you go there, please do not block the road. you have a choice 50% of the time.'
b'i know a lot of people find this funny when it really is not funny. hormonal changes are bad for both men and women.'
b"i think that's how fat women feel when sizzler cuts them off at the buffet."
b'i wonder if there is an upset stomach from important personages of europe and america, you will find " russian trace "?'
b'the fact that trump has many people at his rallies does not mean they are all voting for him! they just want to see the clown'
b"i hope kelly anne smart enough get paid for the pile of poo she's sniffing lol all trumps puts out pile of poo pile of poo and more pile of poo"
b'lets not wait, potus needs to get it started gop is saying same thing, lets get it done, leaving everyday.'
b'so i am guessing huge corporations like walmart just found a way to get paid to advertise'
b'maybe this will stop the gop from being so vehemently anti-evolution and science.'
b'i have you know that bellursconi never did an honest day of work in his life!'
b'amazing cnn found this guy yet seem to miss this.'
b'first of all what was the actress doing by hovering in front of a billionaire money rest also for money now also for money????'
b'she can not even start a piss up in a beer garden. totally inept!'
b'hillary could teacher a thing or two about staying with her husband through the ruff times'
b'which means she is guilty and his track record of honesty is great they are all corrupt liars'
b'how can a person under fbi investagation run for the most powerful position on the planet? time is up'
b'if the democrats did not have anything to hide, they would not be in this situation. they should have learned this from hillary'
b"it's funny but this email scandal is so similar to wmds in iraq. a lot of nothing. seems to be the republican way now."
b'mika was doing what other hosts refuse to do. she wanted a clear response to a narrow question, not a letter to the exitor.'
b"minorities continue 2 vote for progressive policies that are only designed to enslave them. it's undeniable. hopefully they wake"
b'people who is thinking abt vote for trump need to check their mental stage.'
b'i like speaker ryan, i think his heart is in th he right place. it is the establishment that is leaning on him.'
b'race baiting as normal cnn... that is why your ratings are falling through the floor.'
b"can keep deleting emails and making mistakes and i'll still vote for her before i vote for a savage"
b"that chinese billionare's son is crazy, if i would have eight iphone 7s, i will give 7 to my friends and 1 for me"
b'the police showed their bias in this case. how do you determine he is a bad man from a helicopter. also a cop do not know taser vs gun'
b"there is a group of words i never thought i'd see put together in a sentence."
b'this is news? i used to do gnash all the time when i was a kid. my dog could write a better story.'
b"trump will ruin this country! he is a compulsive liar and he does not care about any1 but his self! y'all wake up! retweet"
b'we got to stand strong together because it makes the world a better place to live.. love our world and the people on it...'
b'well if the us govt will not give us the info the praise to for enlightening our public.'
b'i left that bank years ago bc they were thieves even back then! does not surprise me!'
b"what a crook and scammer! and he wants to be president?!! and dares to ask other countries to pay up when he doesn't?!!"
b'wtf how did colin powell get in this, as smart as she is, does she really need to try to throw powell under the bus'
b'yuck face with medical mask nothing like home cooking.'
b'all kitted out and on way home to test out all my new gadgets!'
b': i like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone " i am truly 1 of a kind davido fa'
b"she's also really woke and cool you'll love her"
b'coffee - because most people frown on alcohol first thing in the morning.'
b'coffins are creepy unless you put fluorescent lights inside and tell people it will make them tan.'
b"wait, i wasn't supposed to use a sharpie on my computer screen"
b"and hopefully clocks can stop so i can enjoy this amazing day and the rush of blood to the head it'll be so much fun i'lleverglow"
b'please come to nepal when you guys are in mumbai.. just a half an hour flight'
b'cold room. rainy weather. no sound from alarm clock. i can not remember the last time i got to enjoy something like this. thank you, lord! black heart suit'
b'colds are the best'
b"cold weather can trick your body into missing someone who's terrible for you."
b"i know, i am sure you've had nothing but water since you arrived."
b'yeah no lie. it was a fender in it to begin with ha'
b'college algebra for 2 hrs turn up'
b'college algebra for 2 hrs turn up " schombezzy is trill doe. tell my homie i said yo'
b'college has been great, i have nothing big to complain about. i have awesome teachers and more homework sucks, but i procrastinate less now'
b'college is 50% stressing out and 50% hoping you get hit by a car'
b"college is a lot like preschool. you sleep a lot, miss your mom and have no clue what's going on."
b'college is cool bc if you relax for 5 seconds then all of a sudden ur failing 11 classes even tho ur only taking 5'
b"college is fun b/c one second you think you have your life together and the next you're having a breakdown and questioning all life choices"
b'college is fun unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b': not only did i get out of bed today, i also shaved my legs. so yeah, you could say i am a real person "'
b'catch us at top 6 or face with tears of joy'
b'boo for the wind but good for the sun! still pouring down rain here - 3/4 " yesterday & 1/2 " so far today w/lots more to come'
b'come home from the gym and again, no food is cooked'
b'come home from work to my sister asleep & a fridge w/ no food'
b'we love you! your hair is just in an argument! it will be okay! they will come back together soon!'
b'come home to any empty house ; no food'
b'come home to everyone asleep and no food'
b'come home to no food anywhere in the house smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e'
b'come home wit no food on the stove sleepy face'
b"come on people if you're gonna walk at night smoke a cigarette or something so i can see you, can not be having any more dents in my car."
b"come over 2 the dark side child, he's good!"
b"come rain or shine, there's no better way to explore than by bike or foot"
b'come right in the door and start bitching nice to see you too!'
b'comfort food is a myth. via'
b'comforting to know my heel was bleeding the whole day..'
b'coming back from an exam and seeing this would be great'
b'coming back from the health center to a nice fire drill smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'coming home after work and doing nothing is so great'
b'coming home to an exploded iphone 3gs in your drawer is always fun'
b'coming home without mom waking up and doctors who still do not know sucks. i like roller coasters... but not this'
b'coming to school only to take a test.. but forgetting the test slip at home'
b'commence six months of the clock in my car being wrong.'
b"comments on girls ' dps normal guy : beautiful pic page admin : wow! such a beauty, follow for more."
b'commerce insurance is expensive for no fucking reason'
b'common sense has become so rare it should be classified as a superpower.'
b'compared dentist giving candy to evils of capitalism? if socialism is great, y did ur dad escape cuba? genius'
b"completely forgot about a bunch of homework that was due today so that's super awesome"
b'computer lab for the remainder of tonight, wish i had got a nap'
b"computers love to update when you're doing homework. stupid technology"
b'computers were build in state labs with tax money, nothing to do with capitalism, more like socialism'
b'computer : wanna update thisme : surecomputer : you have to restart your com-me : never mind'
b'computer : " wanna update this? " me : " sure " computer : " you have to restart your computer - " me : " f*ck you "'
b'if the burning bushes start speaking in god-like tones, ask if we stand a chance with the next potus'
b'concussions are coool.'
b'condom to tampon, " you put me out of a job for 1 wk a month! " tampon replies, " when you do not do your job properly, i lose mine for 9 months! "'
b'confirmed dick appointment shorts'
b'confused about the me? yeah me too. and no point listening to government they lie.'
b'congestion is the best feeling in the world'
b'congrats on a season for the history books! can not wait to watch you again next season!'
b'congrats on your win white smiling face have a nice restful day off and lots of luck and love for saturday \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b"congrats on your secret admirer! must be nice having someone who's ashamed to admit they like you!"
b'congratulations on being such a respectable young adult. really. your attitude, actions and words are truly something to look up to.'
b'congratulations on your ability to create drama out of absolutely nothing.'
b'congratulations to our year 6 pupils who all passed their cycling course, even in torrential rain'
b'how did your keynote go? we hope it went well as we love seeing iot being talked about.'
b'do you have any ideas of interesting philosophy literature on this? have vague memories of ug philosophy of mind'
b'conservative party conference in birmingham end of this month, can not wait'
b"considering that iron man and batman's only real superpower is being super rich and smart, bill gates turned out to be a real disappointment"
b'constantly losing socks in the laundry but finding change. so logically there has to be a sock fairy.'
b'contemplating if i should attempt to sleep again or to try and stay awake the entire day which i do most of the time.'
b'contemplating whether or not i should go to class after being emotionally attacked weary face'
b'contemplating working on my day off to make up for the holiday break but dont rly want to neutral face'
b'conversations with my aunt. ya were totally related.'
b'convincing win for well done'
b': i love being ignored by you smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'cool app for food allergy info at restaurants! groovedish'
b'yeah, i know ima be blasting it in my car'
b'cool breeze here in school smile'
b'cool lets not fix the things you do not need parts for and do not tell me we need to order other parts'
b'cool love being talked about behind my back'
b'cool seeing all the short girls get fucked up in a mosh pit while they just standing there hoping not to get hit'
b'cool things about being a turtle :1. born with a free house attached to you 2. super chill 3. could potentially mutate into a ninja'
b"cop : ma 'am, what's in the bottle? me : just some water. cop : ma 'am that's wine... me : jesus did it again!"
b'cops love donuts... just not when you do them on a four lane highway.'
b'cops said " your eyes look red, you been smoking weed? " i said " your eyes look glazed, you been eating donuts? "'
b'not really. men can not talk about their problems without being laughed at or made fun of'
b"well i really appreciate it - just so busy these days-haven't been promoting it :o ) you have a great weekend now corey xoxo!"
b': please please please go leave a comment or'
b"corner for arsenal! surely that's a goal"
b'corr! i tell ya, families know how to make it all better (y )'
b"well i'll be honest with ya, it's much too late"
b'nothing like seeing a fitty and shoving your number under his window wiper face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'same. i am happy for ot4 and zayn, but my ot5 heart is hurting rn. i am excited and sad at the same time smh'
b'*coughmedicine lasts for 45 minutes* *has to wait 4 hours to take it again *'
b"cough syrup + hot toddy = adele's gonna have to wait until whenever the hell i wake up"
b'could be : if you ever feel good about yourself remember that some people can make smoke rings.'
b"could it be the world is waking up? it's about time ~!"
b"couldn't apple at least give us a free album we actually liked"
b"couldn't be anymore exhausted but i can not sleep! fantastic."
b"couldn't sleep well, woke up with a bad sore throat, went to the doctor and found out i have tonsillitis."
b'could swear that was an that woke me up a half hour ago. struggling to get back to sleep.'
b'could you imagine if alex trebek had a twin? double jeopardy'
b'could you please hold this for a second *hands you my problems and runs away *'
b'couples halloween costumes always end up looking like one person went along with it to save the relationship.'
b'courtney why you arguing with them? face with tears of joy we know who the best is. no need to explain \xf0\x9f\x85\xbf\xef\xb8\x8f. knowing how 2 dribble and shoot does not make you the best. confused face'
b'yeah i got stuck babysitting ryan after work'
b'i love supporting you guys but this exec sleepout never goes down well w me.'
b'covered in hives & cant breathe i just wanna sleep wtf'
b"covered in hives from the stress. that's how my life is going."
b'covered in hives wondering why i am still alive.'
b'yo really good job at the titans game yesterday.. lol'
b'co -worker : dance your way to the car so we can film it. me : ummm no. a video hoe'
b'cracking my screen was a lovley way to start my morning'
b'crack your egg put it back in the carton you wanna be famous see your face on a carton - lyrical genius waka flocka face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'crap... i am so tired i only shaved one leg anguished face'
b'good i was too tired to comment when i finally saw it last night, but thanks for the ping.'
b'crazy busy day with what began with the maintenance man arriving to inspect. beautiful start to my friday'
b'crazy girls be like.. " if i flirt, is that cheating? " if i slap you with my left hand even tho im right handed did you still get slapped?'
b'crazy girl with yellow shirt and braids - has got to go!'
b'crazy how if boys had an argument they could be friends again 2 hours later, whereas girls would be going strong w that grudge 2 years on'
b'crazy how we all died in 2012'
b"crazy that it's already time for finals loudly crying face first one is tomorrow & it has to be in lab. good disappointed face"
b'crazy that we can put a man on the moon but can not make a single song lyrics website that will not give my computer 1000 viruses immediately'
b'its great to see you staying busy!'
b'crazy times + crazy friends = a memory you will never forget.'
b'i know carnt wait it will be fun a private security firm trying to bully the public there will be blood spilt not the people'
b'not really... do not really like them making fun of him like that'
b'congratulation cristiano to be the winner of europe best player award and i hope you will win ballon de or this year'
b"need one for my team where's ur ps4 fag"
b"sounds fun smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes idk their music's just not really my kind"
b'barty chuckled gently at the thought of her final sentence. " enough blood will be spilt for you and i to have our fun. i\'d -'
b'cruel joke :text your ex " omg. i am so sorry i forgot to tell you something " right now and never respond.'
b'crushes are called crushes because they crush everything you fucking stand for'
b'crutches are gonna be my new friends.'
b': time has been passing by so fast "'
b'crying at work is fucking amazing loudly crying face'
b'crying at work is just awesome. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"crying does not always mean you're weak, it just means you've been strong for too long."
b'crying is the best thing ever.'
b'crying my eyes out at 1:46am is always a fun time'
b"crying wont make them comeback, saying 'i do not care ' does not stop you from caring, and holding it all in wont make you any stronger."
b"hey y'all! we teach sushi classes on campus & would love to come to athens. see website for details!"
b'c tars trap music makes my day is spanish'
b'why he dressed like one of them isis guys? a good look man'
b'i am wonderful honestly just can not wait for reality to hit! ha! yes your man is sooo in love w you &f a all 2 do w daddy'
b'what wit you getting up in my bid-ness about where i am gettin my love from! when i get back i am beatin you up!'
b'cucumber vodka? i barely want to eat vegetables as it is much less drink them recreationally.'
b'cuddle weather is the best weather like hell yes give me all the fuzzy blankets in the world idgaf if i suffocate i love blankets'
b'i totally love the show but are all the casts on twitter. there seems to be arguments over saffron!'
b'culture is a good word. we get caught up in it. we are afraid to be individuals any more. we want to be accepted, so we go along.'
b'curled up in a ball, listening to slow and sad music... love spending my nights like this'
b'curling your hair but having straightened side bangs is not okay, and it never will be.'
b'current emotion : i need money'
b'current emotions : i need money, i need food, i need new clothes, i need happiness.'
b"currently arguing who the best male actor is in my human development class. apparently it's not will smith"
b'currently covered in hives and i do not know why'
b'currently covered in itchy hives on my face and neck so shout out to my new scarf for that'
b"currently doing 2 homework assignments at the same time cause my life's just that awesome"
b'currently in a tow truck going back to morgantown and i have a test in 6 hours'
b'currently losing sleep because of the office.'
b'currently : not doing homework, sitting in bed, eating plain raw spinach.'
b'currently running on 3 hours of sleep'
b'currently waiting for bae to just call out of the blue and be extremely sweet for no reason.'
b'& currently wondering if my upstairs neighbors are elephants'
b'current mood : tired and stressed out'
b'current stress level : when kim kardashian lost her earring in the ocean'
b'cute guys : taken pretty girls : taken nerds : taken goths : taken athletes : taken that girl with 20 cats : taken everyone : taken me : single'
b'cute very cute. because i said the fights are dumb. do you actually nokea?'
b'cut your hair they say, it will grow back healthier and faster they say unamused face'
b'cuz i would so win...'
b"lmaoo what like they do not have sex for love, it's like doing to the doctors or whatever? yeah i have!"
b'cycling be like-rain, broken shoes, burst tyre omfg this kind of luck'
b'cycling cancelled due to rain, 60% sad'
b'cycling in the rain at night, without lights and a helmet, might top that'
b'cycling in the rain is legit the worst thing ever'
b'cycling in the rain is the worst part about uni'
b'cycling in the rain. we have better solutions. come see us for your winter gear.'
b'cycling in this rain is hell'
b'cycling tmr bicycle hope it does not rain'
b'cycling to work with no mad wind/rain is tough. are there classes one can take to cope with such conditions? you would not be used to it, like'
b'yes mami its soo good inside this wet kitty and sooo tight mmm'
b"dad can i go to a 50 cent concert? dad : here's take your sister too"
b'because you would total approach them and start a conversation'
b'dad is in such a good mood.'
b'dads are either too nice or assholes there is no in between'
b'dads house makes me feel like i am camping. no phone service, 10min hot shower then cold and only shaved one leg weary face and the wifi sucks ass'
b'dad : who is your best teacher? me : google.'
b'dad : why are your eyes so red? son : i smoked weed, dad. dad : do not lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.'
b'my dad use to beat my ass with a belt. best man i know. how about her allowing her kid to cross dress??'
b'yeah that seems odd, banging a gorgeous 30 year old chick when you are 62 should be depressing. it is for me.'
b'i am sure this scum has money hidden somewhere so he can live comfortably.'
b'never heard of her before but at least there does not seem to be one kim article today. happy days'
b'1. get a job. 2. keep the job 3. save money so you can buy a house like everyone else has to do!! oh and 4. buy condoms.'
b'so smith is now a mind reader as well as not believing in the democratic vote to leave the eu'
b'" you see the railing here : tells you do not go over & try 2take pictures ; people take chances ; ends up like this. "'
b'ye that was very clear if you want to join the a483 from m53 - a55 you can not whoever put that together wants'
b'dalton is the absolute best algebra tutor/boyfriend/person alive heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'but fun fact i wrote the words using a plastic micropipet that i stole from chemistry'
b'damn boy are you liquid eyeliner because i am pretty sure i am gonna fuck this up'
b'damn excited but can not wake up at 5am'
b'damn, friday the 13th, shitty thing was people were crying, it was cold as fuck and pouring rain. yay.'
b'damn girl are you a daft punk cd because i just want to skip to get lucky and not listen to the rest of what you have to offer.'
b'damn, girl, are you terms and conditions? because i just want to blindly agree to whatever you say.'
b'damn girl what do that mouf do " me : " well complain, whine, throw some attitude'
b'damn it! a bumper sticker just changed my entire worldview, again. this happens like 3 times a day.'
b'damn it i was hoping to work on my crossovers before i hit this audition'
b'damn i waited till the last minute to finish my lab write up and i really do not want to do it tonight loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'damn i was waiting for meghan and charlie to start dry humping'
b'damn lol jus got done cleaning my whole room, finally'
b'damn mom back at it again yelling for no damn reason'
b'damnnlyssa : purple wreck - or'
b'damnnnnnn girrrrrrrl are you a fire detector? cause you are really fucking loud and annoying.'
b'damn thanks for the easy money! glad it got " canceled " if you want to donate again tomorrow i am free to challenge!'
b'damn that pussy is good and wet \xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6 rt to see me fuck that pussy good smiling face with horns'
b'damn this weekend is going to suck.'
b'i played your snapchat and you yelled i love ya and my volume was super loud and now my dad is questioning me'
b'dance like no one is watching, f *** like your ex is.'
b'dancing about to my number while making fajitas. i need a fag'
b"dancing in my seat as i've been here for 4 hours and still have another one to go"
b'this site just makes me want to do business with them!'
b"ha when it opens i'll be moving to a new village where i have only like 5 neighbors but thats what you get for being so rich"
b'aha omg i remember getting wrong for royah copying me ha she literally only used a sentence'
b"omg yes! i've been waiting for ever for you to invite me!"
b"not really, only for this tournament. i try to play men's open tournaments if i have the time - it's fun."
b'lol can not wait to babysit'
b'danny welbeck is definitely arsenal\'s " sturridge "'
b'danny welbeck is definitely doing for arsenal what sturridge is and has done for liverpool!'
b'good i am heading to school in awhile though so text me nalang if ever hehehe'
b'i am rock and roll now dan... never pay less than 300 notes for a sarnie'
b'yeah we could tell i needed a break by english class today face with tears of joy can not wait! love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i was really hoping it wasn\'t autocorrect and they had actually said " hit the quran "'
b'dario was going to be the best and come over after school and teach me algebra so i would not get behind but my mom will not let him confused face'
b"i'll take it exam"
b'dark tower movie looks good as hell'
b'darn i suck. my laziness got the best of me this weekend.'
b'darn it, i forgot to take pictures with trees today.'
b'i bet outside magazine wishes it could do the same thing.'
b"date a guy that says things like : drive safe text me when ur home let's hang out w ur fam please be careful how was ur day im so proud of you"
b'date a hot baseball player orrrrrrrrrrrr the ex that fucked you over but claims he still loves you... decisions decisions'
b'dating is weird you spend all ur time with one person and take pictures and make memories then you break up and none of it matters anymore'
b'dating me is like dating a 12 year old cause i am almost never serious and i am always joking around and being sarcastic'
b'dating someone based only on looks is very shallow, consider other things like, do they have a lot of pets?'
b"cp3 is the best pg. ain't no arguing about lmao"
b"is this the part where i shall say'thank you '?"
b'that\'s the sum total of your persuasion skills isn\'t it? " vote yes " bcos you\'ve said that to me before. hard to resist...'
b"it's pouring here too. a storm just got here 5 minutes ago. it's bringing cold weather. good it was 88 today"
b"i suppose if you're cycling so fast, the rain just does not have the chance to soak into the lycra?"
b'this seems like it will end well for davidson and johansen.'
b'if your life is about being cheaper than a 3 dollar bill than do you! just live your life 2 to the fullest! because life is'
b'best friends'
b'day 2/365 : im so done'
b'day of cleaning my room i can almost see the floor again'
b'ur jokes are getting so good face with tears of joy loudly crying face raised hand'
b'day off out working at the farm --'
b'day off tomorrow, so hoping to start a love affair with true detective. heard amazing schnit.'
b'days like today i wish i could stay in bed all day pensive face'
b'i must of forgot to tag you'
b'thanks for texting back days ago!'
b'i love you, demi. one day, after having heard your song in the car and almost drove into a pole is how you put a spell on me'
b'dead car battery, really not impressed right now'
b'i love fiona with all my heart but i can not cuddle with her bc she makes me sneeze... ;_ ;'
b'dear alarm clock, thank you for waking me up during the best dream ever.'
b"dear algebra, please stop asking us to find your x, she's never coming back and do not ask y! best, saim"
b"dear seller (pjnbj97), it's a dream to order candy in sept. 2014 & for the box to say best by jan. 2014."
b'dear arkansas, could you possible make it even hotter?'
b'dear black friday shoppers. i will not kill you, if you stay outta my way and do not piss me off. thanks.'
b"dear boys upstairs : it's almost one in the morning stop dropping things every five seconds also you sound like elephants please stop running"
b'dear brain, sorry for overloading you tummy, sorry for the butterflies dear pillow, sorry for the tears dear heart, sorry for the damage'
b'dear crush, fall in love with me.'
b'dear customer service : first of all, you should know that i am typing this with my middle finger.'
b'dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.'
b'dear fake friends, first of all you should know that i am typing this with my middle finger.'
b'dear family, just because i am laughing when i am reading a text, does not mean i am flirting with someone.'
b'dear girls : a big ass/boobs will not make guys fall in love with you. being sexy wont get you married. being sexy will get you fucked.'
b'dear girls, if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back... marry him'
b"dear girls who pretend to like cars to get a guys attention. y'all piss me off. stop being stupid. k thanks. seriously, sherbnoo."
b'dear god i will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.'
b"dear god, please cure christian's cat allergy so i may have a kitten to love"
b'dear google : they are only using you to get to me! sincerely wikipedia'
b'dear headphones, could you please stop having sex while i put you in my pocket? sincerely, tired of untangling.'
b'dear heart, please stop falling in love with people i can not get.'
b"dear human, you get mad at me if i wake you, you get mad at me if i don't. sincerely, confused alarm clock."
b'dear inventors of tampons, how awkward was it for you to explain your invention to everyone?'
b'dear g -morning. are you traveling baby. miss you. hope all is alright busy bee. wish you to have a great wake up. \xe2\x9d\xa4you kissing face with smiling eyes'
b'dear karma, i have a list of people you missed'
b'dear life, when i said " can my day get any worse " it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.'
b'dear life, will you at least start using a lubricant? thank you!'
b'dear lol, thanks for being there when i have nothing else to say.'
b'dear math, i do not want to solve your problem, i have my own problems to solve. sincerely, students'
b"dear mcdonald's, thank you for not selling hot dogs. i do not think i could order a mcwiener with a straight face."
b'dear men, life without women, would literally be a pain in the ass.'
b'dear middle finger : thank you for always sticking up for me.'
b'dear models in facewash commercials, i honestly do not know anyone who can splash water on their face, smiling, with their eyes open.'
b'dear mom and dad, plz stop saying, " do not play with your food. " you spent the first two years of my life convincing me that it was a plane.'
b'dear music, i will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.'
b'dear naps, i am sorry i was such a jerk to you as a kid.'
b'dear parents thank you so much for giving me such a weird name. sincerely my name is never on those customized keychains.'
b'dear penis, thanks for not bleeding once a month. sincerely, every man ever'
b'dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together, hermione from harry potter went alone and got attacked by a troll.'
b"dear people who update their facebook status every 30 seconds, there's twitter for a reason!"
b"dear person reading this, be honest : you're supposed to be doing something productive now, but your on twitter instead. sincerely, me too."
b'dear prom date, if work by rihanna comes on be ready to catch it... cause i am throwin it back'
b'dear radio stations, you do know that there is more then 5 songs in the world right?'
b'dear santa all i want is clear skin and 1billion dollars ha'
b'dear slut, sorry, but your vagina does not have a clear history button like google chrome.'
b'dear sluts, this might come as a surprise to you, but your boobs go inside your shirt. just kidding, show me your titties.'
b"dear sneeze, if you're gonna happen, then just happen, do not put a stupid look on my face and then just leave."
b'dear teva, thank you for waking me up every few hours by howling. your just trying to be mother natures alarm clock.'
b'its funny how the whole of fifth harmony is worth less than one little mix member ouuuccchhhh weary face " so freakin cute'
b"dear twitter, sometimes i need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind."
b'dear twitter, thank you for being there whenever i am bored.'
b"dear vegetarians... if you're trying to save the animals, why are you eating their food?"
b"dear vending machines, i am sorry if my dollar isn't straight enough for you. sincerely, stop being so homophobic."
b'dear wind and rain what has my hair ever done to you?'
b'death by irony. answered food allergy survey with " i love too eat peanut\'s "'
b'bradley might get a little upset if she tells him, but it will not affect their friendship. he loves her too much.'
b'i am, thanks. nothing like a day or 2 in bed to sort these things out.'
b'debating just skipping all of fridays classes because south op is calling my name'
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy if my upstairs neighbors weren't stomping around like elephants i prob wouldnt have woken up, gotta give them some credit"
b'decided to clean my room & found a mouse... looks like i am done cleaning'
b'i straightened my hair and i did not get it wet in the rain and i even did my eyebrows'
b"definately would not do this now! i feel too old! must mean that i am now a'responsible adult ' \xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f"
b'definitely my favourite test of the year.. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x86\x98'
b'definitely needed anther dress'
b'last season is this season & he got tried yesterday & plays were made it happens even you kno tht'
b"happy birthday! i hope you had a great day and ilysmi would've sang to you but did not see you. rain check! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'*deletes every sad tweet* sorry i forgot who the fuck i was for a second'
b"deleting one 'ha ' from from your 'hahahhahahaha ' because you feel like it's too much."
b'deleting pictures on my phone is like deleting a memory and i just can not handle that sort of thing'
b'deleting tweets from earlier because the person intending completely disregarded them.'
b"deleting your facebook is like running away from home. you're only doing it for attention and you'll be back in a day."
b'i am meant to do homework now but you fucked up my plans, thanks for giving me an excuse to procrastinate even more'
b'delicious pictures on microwavable foods are the reason i have trust issues.'
b'democratic socialism, life is god... the short history of capitalism wars have never ended dogmatism is king...?'
b'democrats think government does a good job " screening " and has great " management " skills'
b"dentist : so what do you like to do for fun? me : jghalighasghsghso dentist : honestly, it's the same thing with my kids."
b"dentist : *stabs my gums with metal pick* dentist : the only reason you're bleeding is because you do not floss enough"
b'dentist : *stabs you in the mouth* dentist : " you\'re bleeding because you do not floss. "'
b'depressed cookie monster says " me wonder if me be happy when me dead " boxing'
b"and will keep your son in dark about who his real father is; keep lying to him. yup, that's what good guys do after all."
b'depression is the result of over thinking. the mind creates problems that did not even exist.'
b"depresso ; the feeling you get when you've run out of coffee."
b"desperately wanna go home this weekend, also told myself i'd stay on campus so i need to suck it up lol"
b"despite the contradictory advice circulated in the late '90s, if you wanna be my lover, please do not get with my friends"
b"despite the fact that water tastes like nothing, it's actually really good like how does it manage to do that be tasty with no taste"
b'wow good one face with tears of joy'
b'they work super quick! my favs are let the good times roll, ocean salt and dark angels'
b'sorry i hurt your feelings'
b'hey i did good for driving in the bunch of fog and the dark!'
b'some officers in cars without the tech constantly enter license plates by hand while partner drives. same result as manual'
b'kids on the fordham team ; why cut kids when you cann have them all.'
b"thank you oh my gosh. but i never thought i'd get this much support from so many people and it amazes me really. smile"
b"did a cover of the teacher's pet song from school of rock, for purposes of both joy and procrastination via"
b'did a good job blanking out the name linda clarke!'
b"did bad on tests, drove to work without my license bc i forgot it, and almost broke the shredder... that's how my day is going"
b'did i mention what a joy it is to drive around'
b'did it hurt when you fell from an asshole and into a toilet you piece of shit?'
b'did my mum seriously tell me all the names she wants her grandchildren to be called.. got a few years to wait yet love!'
b'did not expect to find a worm in my mandarin happy with woolworths'
b"did not do any homework and it's 12 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love working evenings"
b'did not even sleep on a pillow, this is gonna be fun for me with all this damn pain'
b'did not finish any homework & i still need to shower! lol! love stressing out :)))))'
b'didnt sleep lots last night, good thing my computer is down and i get to do nothing at work.'
b'did you enjoy sassy go go drama danbeej? more than reply 1997? \xe2\x80\x94 no...! reply 1997 is the best drama in my life...!'
b'did you do the homework? " " no. " " okay good me neither, i am not the only one.'
b'did you get a haircut?! " " no my hair just grew shorter'
b'did you hear about the duck with a drug problem? he was a quackhead.'
b'did you know? cutting your legs off will help you lose weight.'
b'did you know? if you close your eyes, you can not see.'
b'did you know? if you lick the sun you will die.'
b'did you know if you scream " bloody marry " 3 times in the mirror at 3am your mom will tell you to shut up and go to bed.'
b'did you know? jumping off a building is not a good way to get out of school.'
b'did you know? lack of light is the cause of darkness.'
b'did you know? people tend to die when they are killed.'
b'did you know? running fast in a race can help you win first place.'
b'did you know? science proves that most people are born on their birthday.'
b"did you know that if you see a shooting star, light a candle and say the name of the person you like 10x's you'll look really stupid?"
b'did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, but only 5 to extend your arm and slap them in the face.'
b'did you seriously just try talking to me about a stair stepper...'
b'did you sleep? " " oh please, it\'s great " beautiful cinnamon roll too good for this world too pure'
b'did you study for the test?.. nerd : " all week long. ".. normal people : " i read the chapter. ".. me : " what test?! "'
b'diet day 1. i have removed all the bad food from my home. it was delicious'
b'difference between socialism and capitalism brilliantly illustrated'
b'digging up sod is a blast'
b'digitalash : stuff i neeeeed - or'
b"yeah it might just be me 8 -(. it's gonna suck saying bye to those folks. i'll be on your server this weekend also."
b"dignity : is that thing you lose when you send someone a second text before they've answered the first."
b'directing traffic on hw. 50 for an hour and a half.'
b'dirty nerty wifi coming in clutch again'
b'hell yeah they shoulda i can not lie curry is playing lights out but they are going down tonight!'
b'disclaimer - never been to either of those places but i have a very active imagination.'
b'disruptors video nice video. and how many more years to wait for disruption?'
b'distance does not matter if you really love someone, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.'
b'distance does not necessarily ruin a relationship. you do not have to see someone everyday to be in love.'
b'distracting myself from this situation is gonna be fun'
b'oh wow, fix her up she will love you for it.'
b'i miss you guys too \xf0\x9f\x98\x94everytime i time while i am in class i open my gallery and peep our t days vids pensive face i can not wait'
b'we gotta go babysit some dogs :3 i can not wait to see your makeup haul \xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb\xf0\x9f\x98\xbb'
b'i love a good argument with a great pal. it always keeps my mind open to a new ways of viewing different situations.'
b'your meat left a pleasant taste in my mouth. gotta love jerks.'
b'school. unfortunately they both went their own ways and got busy but sometimes joy would visit her bakery. it always made irene +'
b"my best friend is a osu fan lol he's pretty cool about but was bad for years. arguing. no more."
b'well it couldn\'t be named " hot wings "'
b'im sure the whole second half lesean will get negative yards, id definitely bet on that'
b'dnt let anyone with bad eyebrows tell you shit about life'
b"dnt understand why ppl get so mad about being single on valentine's day, 1 day of being treated good vs 364 of putting up with a fuckboy face with rolling eyes"
b"the tr8 is fun but it's not really a controller lol"
b"they're gonna love my house cause i'll work with kids so i'll have the latest toys and whatnot"
b'doctor : " ok, so what\'s wrong, how are you feeling? " me : *looks at mom waiting for her to explain *'
b'doctors and scientists agree on the benefits of an afternoon nap, yet still my boss thinks he knows better. ridiculous.'
b'doctors appointments all day, how exciting smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'doctors appointment tommarow i hate waking up early'
b'doctors office is literally an hour late...'
b"doctors sing \xe2\x80\x98waking up is hard to do ' in hilarious music video via reshareworthy"
b"doctors stand behind a blue sheet. just wait until you see what they're doing behind it"
b"i hate the doctor. :'("
b'doctor : tell me about your sexual history. " whoa! talk to the hand. "'
b"does anyone else think it's strange that you never see justin bieber and ellen degeneres at the same time?"
b"does anyone else wake up in the middle of the night thirsty as hell, and water tastes like it came from god's personal pond?"
b'does anyone ever see things in their dreams and then later in life see the exact same thing and freak out for a couple seconds?'
b'does anyone have some good ideas to help clear up a foggy head due to cold/flu?'
b'does anyone know any interesting things to talk about on a blind date? if so, text them to this girl i am with.'
b'does everyone wake up excited to go to work, more often than not? if so, what do you do?'
b'does it bother me? yes. will i ever tell you? no'
b'does it count as self control if there is only one pringle left?'
b'does it disturb anyone else that " the los angeles angels " baseball team translates directly to " the the angels angels "?'
b'does not everyone love getting allergy shots once a week?'
b'does not the thought of mitch mcconnell as senate majority leader just motivate the hell out of you?'
b'does not think to bring an umbrella to class with me or wear something with a hood so i get to walk all over campus in the pouring rain, good'
b'does the d stand for dinner? if so, then yes. i want the d. give me the d.'
b'does this 50 pound bag of cat food make me look single?'
b"does your skin ever do that thing where it's clear and perfect for a couple days and then all of a sudden it's like ha just kidding"
b'dog i swear this school bus if forever late pouting face'
b'dogs decrease stress by like 10000000x bc even when ur failing 3 classes they still love you'
b'oh man i would love to but i have to preregister classes for my next semester today so :// im stressed af'
b'do i give a fuck? n o o o o o o \xe3\x80\x82 \xe3\x80\x82... bitch'
b'do i give off some vibe that says please stalk me? \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f weary face'
b'doing a follow spree babes like this or retweet this for a followback ( doing as many as i can )'
b'doing a huge follow spree \xf0\x9f\x98\x8dfollowing back everyone that likes this and all my recent followers too \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x99\x88'
b'doing an instagram follow spree right now! following everyone who follows me right now on instagram \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'doing laundry at night nothing better!'
b'doing my favorite thing.. crying'
b'doing nothing at work is great'
b'doing nothing is great xd'
b'doing nothing will never be as great as doing nothing with someone.'
b'doing the " i am thinking real hard " face when your teachers look at you.'
b'do i say fuck it and be put on the wait list or do i find another class this is the question of the day'
b'do i want another half hour of sleep or do i want to take a shower...? the tough questions in life.'
b'love the pretty feet with the sexy toes and arches. they deserve good kissing and licking and good wet toe sucking mmmmmmmm'
b'great result for arsenal tonight'
b'do my best to drown out the crying kids in the other room ha ohhhh my luck.'
b'done cleaning my room for the night!'
b'done! the first ever has been to sent to the printers! can not wait to see it :-d now to get some sleep...'
b'done with classes for the day good'
b'done with school yay. came for like 3 hours'
b'do not argue with an idiot. he will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.'
b'for the " ad brown concert ", if you are looking to dance just on uk top 40 tracks. this dj has'
b"do not depend on anyone in this world, because even your shadow leaves you when you're in the dark."
b'do not expect a " bless you " after your 3rd sneeze. get that shit under control.'
b'do not lose a good one. do not lose a good one. do not lose a good one.'
b'if what you say is more beautiful than silence'
b'do not speak to me when i have headphones on jesus christ'
b'do not sugar coat stuff for me just tell me whats up i am not five years old'
b"do not text me while you're driving i am not trying to be the last unfinished message they find when your ass is wrapped around a tree."
b'do not waste your time on someone that does not appreciate the fuck out of you'
b'do not worry about why everyone is talking about you, or looking at you. be free, live life how you want to live your life.'
b'do not all reply at once!'
b'do not ask about state because we will not know until dec 2 and i do not want you to get yelled at much love'
b'do not ask for my opinion then get mad when i tell you the truth.'
b'do not ask me about politics. i stopped trying to understand the world when i learned some people prefer chunky peanut butter.'
b'do not ask me again " is my favorite computer button that i wish was also a real life button.'
b"do not ask me for advice. i'll accidentally ruin your life."
b'dont ask me to hang out with you when you know someone i dislike is going to be there'
b'dont ask me what im doing with my life cause i have no idea'
b"do not assume my tweets are about you. but if you're affected by them, then that obviously means you're guilty of something."
b'do not be afraid of change. you may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.'
b"do not be ashamed of who you are. that's your parents job."
b'do not be friends with people who hate dogs you do not need that kind of negativity in your life'
b'do not be jerks to strangers online. you never know what that girl can do.'
b'do not be offended if someone does not reply to your text. their phone is probably " just on silent " or " right in front of their lying face "'
b'do not " cheat " on the holidays and end up sick. shares allergy-free pumpkin pie recipe everyone can love!'
b'do not come here is smelly and ape escape is a good game'
b'do not come into my life temporarily cuz my parents will continuously ask about you & ill get sad'
b'do not come telling me you heard i said or did something if you did not see or hear it yourself or if you cant tell me where you heard it.'
b'do not confuse my personality with my attitude. my personality is who i am. my attitude depends on who you are.'
b'do not consider yourself an ugly person consider your self a beautiful monkey.'
b"do not cry because it's over, smile because for a few miles they believed you were the real bus driver."
b'do not cry because its over, smile because his new girlfriend looks like a horse.'
b"do not cry because it's over, smile because you have incriminating evidence."
b'do not cry. just say " fuck you " and smile.'
b"do not cry me a river. that's stupid as hell. cry me a milkshake."
b'do not dance like no one is watching, dance like someone is watching and about to slide a twenty dollar bill into your underwear'
b'do not date anyone who does not ask you about ur childhood & ask why you are they way you are & will not work to understand/accept those things.'
b'do not even need to set an alarm in the mornings with the way the people upstairs walks around elephant'
b'do not even need to watch im a celeb to know that the crew fucked up, thanks twitter face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not ever allow yourself to get so comfortable that you continuously ignore god\'s signs saying " move on " or " let go ". better is coming.'
b'do not ever ask me to babysit i do not like kids \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8fi will eat all there snacks and make them wait on the porch until you come get them face with tears of joy'
b"do not ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you're a hoe.. then be ashamed."
b"do not ever go on a car ride with me because i will not talk to you i'll just listen to music & stare out the window the entire time."
b'do not ever let someone make you feel like ur crazy for wanting what you deserve!'
b'do not ever pull a stunt like that again and then ask us to lie... that will not happen a real man'
b'do not ever say " soz " to me because you sound like you are really so very sorry'
b"do not ever take chemistry. it's not fun at all"
b'do not everybody reply a once.'
b"do not expect too much. it's always better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed."
b'do not facetime me or ask for a selfie after 8pm. you know damn well i already showered and will not stop looking like a hamster till 8am'
b'do not feel good at all! i love having the feeling i am going to throw up very 5 minutes.'
b"do not forget : it's very important what strangers on the internet think about you."
b'dont fuck w me you dont know what im capable of'
b'do not get attached " im a girl we get attached to a stray dog on the street that we only see for two seconds'
b'dont get caught up in a girl, they just want your money yo sleeping face sleeping face'
b'do not get me wrong, i appreciate short cut offs but seriously? at school? your bare ass is literally gonna be against the seats face with tears of joy raised hand'
b'do not get me wrong i am not upset about my hair, it just sucks because i know that i was prettier b4. oh well.'
b'do not get me wrong other races are kool but there is nothing like a black queen by ur side.'
b"do not give money to the big pharmaceutical companies because they'll only spend it on drugs."
b'dont give up we do love your mind... waiting for the next one... keep your head up your fans are.'
b"do not glare at me lady! you're the one who named your kid marco then yelled his name in the store!"
b'do not i love geometry'
b'do not invite me anywhere last minute i enjoy doing nothing so i need to know ahead of time if my plan to do nothing needs to be changed'
b'do not judge a book by its cover. my math textbook has a picture of someone enjoying themselves on it. i did not enjoy myself at all.'
b'do not judge a book by its cover, unless its an annoying bitch who needs to be slapped.'
b'do not judge a book by its cover unless the book is a fucking annoying bitch who needs to be high fived in the face with a chair.'
b"do not judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes - unless he wears those weird toe-shoe things. you may judge that man immediately."
b'do not judge me for my choices when you do not understand my reasons.'
b'do not " k " me, you bastard.'
b'do not know why i am losing sleep over this like?'
b'do not let a hot date turn into a due date. " --my father\'s actual sex talk with me when i was 13.'
b'do not let anyone call you ugly because deep down you are truly beautiful. you know, way down under all that ugliness.'
b"do not let anyone tell you who you can and can not be unless it's in mario kart and you picked yoshi cause come on dude you know i am always him"
b"do not let me hold your baby unless it's wearing an otter box."
b'dont lie to me cause i always find out the truth boo'
b'do not like me? have a seat with the rest of these bitches waiting for me to give a fuck'
b'do not make fun of me because i have a problem with keeping my blood sugar low. you\'re suppose to be " college ready ".'
b'do not mind me, i am just typing this so i do not look like a loner in public while waiting for my friends.'
b'do not pack up yet " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not pay attention to this status, i am standing alone in public so i am doing this to make it look like i am texting.'
b"do not promise when you're happy, do not reply when you're angry, and do not decide when you're sad."
b'do not reach for the stars. they are extremely hot and will incinerate you.'
b"do not run your fingers through my hair while i am laying down or relaxing i'll fall in love with you"
b'do not send me a smile face and then wonder why i show up at your house naked.'
b"'dont skip one class! take medicine and go anyways! ' im exhausted and i want to die mom"
b'do not skip on sleep. sleep is more important than homework. it\'s proven that it\'s better to sleep than to stay up late cramming "'
b'do not start an argument with a girl because they all have 43050194 gb memories and will bring up something you did at 14:27pm on 23/04/2008.'
b'do not take my kindness for weakness, i will fuck you up.'
b'do not talk about work if your parents hand you everything raised hand'
b'do not talk to me if your breathe smell like yo tongue farted.'
b'do not tell me it\'s just a coincidence that " mourning " and " morning " sound the same'
b'dont tell me that hungry is not an emotion because i feel that shit in my soul'
b'do not tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.'
b"do not text me when you're bored its not my job to entertain you."
b'do not text me while i am texting you, now i have to change my text.'
b"do not tickle me i'll stab you in the throat"
b'do not trust people on the internet. unless they like big butts because they can not lie.'
b'do not try this at home "... okay, i\'ll try it at my friend\'s house'
b'do not you hate it when a guy is a 10 but his personality is a -10 yeah me too'
b'dont you just hate it when you come home & all you want to do is sleep but you go in ur room to see ur bed covered in absolutely everything you own'
b"do not you love when ppl say they'll go in for ur shift but like they don't? :)))))))"
b'do not you love when your hot water bottle spills all over ur bed'
b'dont understand why females cake all tht makeup on their face to hide those big ass bumps'
b"do not wait for the right person to come into your life. make yourself the right person to walk into someone else's life."
b'.. do not want people who actively engage in this sort of activity to know how they get caught. i am soryr, but if it'
b'do not want to get caught in the crowds? x'
b'do not want to get caught smelling like pink. smell like blue, dark green and black.'
b'do not waste your life thinking about people you do not like or situations you can not control.'
b'do not waste your time on people who will not waste their time on you.'
b"do not worry about mental.. they said... it's easy they said..."
b"do not worry about those who talk behind your back. they're behind you for a reason."
b"do not worry if you had a bad day, remember there are people who have their ex's name tattooed."
b'do not worry, kids. being an adult is mostly just googling how to do stuff.'
b'do not ya love when your boyfriend spills water all over your leg and brace smile'
b'do not you feel about yourself while looking at your elbow joints?'
b'do not you feel bad that you can not mention your real life achievements in your resume?'
b'do not you hate it when money goes away when you spend it'
b'do not you hate it when you offer food and the other person says yes'
b"do not you hate when a guys really nice when they're on their own but when they're with friends they turn into a dick upside down face"
b"do not you hate when you buy a bag of packaged air and there's chips inside it? pisses me off."
b'do not you just love a flat tyre in the morning'
b'do not you just love being second choice all the time'
b"do not you just love being wide awake at stupid o 'clock.. no? me neither"
b'do not you just love doctors? smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'do not you just love it when " accidentally " spills freezing cold water down you when it\'s -10000 degrees.'
b'do not you just love it when your friend spills bong water on your pants -_-'
b'do not you just love it when your roommate spills boiling water all over your foot?!?!? i know i do! \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x91'
b'do not you just love missing the bus unamused face'
b"do not you just love only being able to eat soup? it's delicious."
b'do not you just love that when you have a butt load of homework and you can not focus for two seconds to get any of it done'
b'do not you just love the smell of burn hair and cheap colon in the morning face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'do not you just love when people put 0 effort into things.. angry face'
b'do not you just love when people sneeze all over you? yeah, i do not either. disgusting pigs!'
b'do not you just love when you lock yourself out of your apartment'
b'do not you just love when your plans never work out'
b'do not you just love when you sneeze while putting mascara on & it gets everywhere bc same'
b'do not you love feeling like every single person you care about hates you? i know i do :):)'
b'chestnut do not you love it when your bag of nuts says allergy advice : may contain nuts. chestnut'
b"do not you love it when you're picking a giveaway winner and people lie about their entries?"
b"do not you love it when your friends do not answer their phones and you're left alone"
b'do not you love it when your parents are pissed because you were gonna study after bubble soccer! smiling face with open mouth'
b'do not you love it when you win imaginary arguments you have?'
b'do not you love school'
b'dont you love to be yelled ay by your mom?'
b'do not you love when people cancel?\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 i do'
b'do not you love when plans never work out smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"do not you love when you go to the doctors, find out it's for your weight and that you put on more weight by doing exercise + eating right."
b"do not you love when you're in an academic advisor meeting and jumpman starts blasting through your headphones yeah ha"
b'do not you wish people were like money, you could just hold them up to the sun and see which ones are real and which ones are fake'
b'do re me fa so done with your bullshit.'
b'do the best you can.'
b'do the chinese realize that when they visit america, they buy souvenirs made in their own country?'
b'do this 1. go to google 2. select images 3. type bosta thank me later and tell ur friends'
b'double class being a loner is the best face with tears of joy'
b'thanks for keeping it simple because i am really stupid...'
b': thanks germany for an amazing time. we come back soon "'
b'do not make light of such a heavy, heavy topic. now will fuck your ass up. crazy bitches who lift weights.'
b'do you have that one girl in school that everyone loves but you dont get it and you dont like her at all and you sense something evil about her'
b'do we have time for these hoes? no no no no no no \\_ no no no no no no'
b'do what you love & money will follow " ate pizza, drank wine, took a 5 hour nap in my underwear, & took selfies with my dog.. now i wait'
b'do what you want just do not get caught dh grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"downloaded ios 8 on my ipad and it's literally the same thing with some extra features face without mouth"
b'downloading a movie on itunes and iv only got 16 hours to go! perks of living at home'
b'downloading ios8 on my phone then ipad, i am sure my life will be transformed today in ways i never dreamed of.'
b'down on yourself for being lazy? keep in mind the greeks believed their gods lived atop a very hikeable mountain and no one went to check.'
b'as good as getting it, because it gives you hope in dark times. but now like wtf why are these coming out so quickly nobody'
b'do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or commercials? because i usually look like i have minty fresh rabies.'
b"do you ever get a really good hug from someone and you're like wait no hug me more"
b'do you ever wish that you could just un-meet someone?'
b"do you know how much fun it is getting up when it's still dark outside? so much fun!"
b'do you know what i love? apartment construction at 7 a. m. 3 mornings in a row!'
b'do you know what i love? having a coughing fit in about half of my classes because my allergy medication does not work. good'
b'do you know what is the difference between forever alone and a calender? a calender has a date.'
b"do you know your abc's? cause i wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet."
b'do you me know who is beautiful? read the third word.'
b"do you realize that we live in a world where people lick other people's buttholes & yet some of you still complain about double dipping chips?"
b'do you think clouds look down on people and think " that ones shaped like an idiot "'
b'do you think its possible that a bobcat could have ran across the freeway on the way back from mpls? sure what we saw'
b'do you think that guy ever called carly rae jepsen? in my opinion she came on a little strong and probably not.'
b'do you want taking practically everything from you, or doing practically nothing and letting'
b'do you want to know the secret to getting girls to do whatever you want? smile check it out in my last tweet. *must be 18 to view *'
b"do you work at little caesars? cause you're hot and i am ready."
b"dracula had impeccable hair for a guy who couldn't see himself in a mirror."
b'i got work at 9 man drop the shit so i have something to talk about in the morning'
b'i hope you guys body an album. that would be insane. on some "life of a 6 " type shit.'
b'drakes music will have you missing a person from 3rd grade who unfroze you in freeze tag.'
b'drake the type of nigga to sit on the sink to make his butt look big.'
b'drake the type of nigga to talk dirty like " baby i want to put my trust so deep inside you "'
b'yay, we can be super awkward together'
b'drawing i did for homework i know its awesome'
b'i grew up tastes of beer young as 4. i was fortunate to know alcohol was in my home & " no teen challenge " - alcoholic'
b'sorry but vanessa comment about discipline upset me.. its not okay to hit kids or infants with objects and leave marks'
b'dreams are like pictures. i do not care about yours unless i am in them.'
b'that awkward moment when the thumbnail actually makes a video look funny and you have not watched it yet... good'
b'by the end of my shift i got my latina ambulance partner to call me papi. i now understand your love for it'
b"drinking : because why not intensify the feelings you're trying to escape?"
b"drinking dark roast coffee at almost 12 is not such a good idea but that's the only thing getting me through the night teacup without handle"
b'drinking more, even tried the xanz. depending on all this shit to get me through, hoping one day i forget about you'
b'drinkings all fun n games until the next day when you have 2 kids to look after!'
b'drinking wine & throwing away photos of my ex. this is how lifetime movies start.'
b'driven to kill you with kindness'
b'driving should be like hockey. if someone pisses you off, it should be legal to pull off the road and fist fight them for about a minute.'
b'driving to school while getting dropped off and i see a girl run out of her house with a zip up sweater and her boobs hanging out. brad'
b'driving with a neck ache is not safe. i can not turn my head to the left...'
b"driving without license, if that's a thing"
b'hi jane, we\'d love to feature you in our " what are doctors thankful for? " post, do you have two minutes?'
b'i have been through major health issues this year. would love to share my story on the doctors.'
b'dropped 13 music videos for yesterday. which one is your favorite? all videos on my youtube'
b'dropped my baby off to his first day of preschool. he already has homework lol'
b'dropped my pen while i was walking to class and my friend randomly picked it up and sent me a snapchat of it face with tears of joy'
b'dropping an iphone is like having sex : you can do it a lot w/o protection and nothing bad happens, but it only takes once to ruin your life'
b'drove all the way to class and forgot my goggles and lab coat for lab. good'
b'drove all the way to the bank just to pull up and remember it was closed. well there goes half of my lunch break expressionless face'
b'drove to school without my license again smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'drugsandtvshowsallday : fuck yeah drugs and tv shows biohazard sign - or'
b'drugs are ugly things nothing like a poem i want to say something not some ethered drone'
b'drunk carpentry. not as fun as it sounds. there is blood.'
b'drunk off five beers on a tuesday. i am not sure which part of that statement is more sad'
b'drunk people at the subway station. fun!'
b'drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.'
b'dude beside me in class never comes on thursdays and brought a drink in a red solo cup today.'
b'dude everyone hates you. " really? because i am pretty sure i have not even met all 7 billion people on this earth.'
b'dude if your gonna try to look off my test... do it so i can not tell literally sit on top of me'
b"dude - i like your slicked-back hair look me - thanks, it's rain"
b'dude i love going poop at work bc you get paid for it " -@gigi_noelle'
b"dude. keep asking me if i know how the printer works. i am sure if you keep asking i'll figure it out."
b'dudes be like " let\'s play 21 questions " girl : okay, what\'s your favorite color?boy : triangle, so you a virgin?'
b'dudes childishly arguing on an escort forum about who has the best tits. do you know who has the best tits? women.'
b'dudes dont know what beef is, tom & jerry thats beef. when they see each other its no talking, straight action!'
b'dudes have all the swag in the world until you ask them to read a paragraph out loud.'
b'dudes put dj in front of their twitter names to get bitches thirsty... dudes dont even know how to download a song'
b'dude weeks go by so quick when you have no classes on fridays so your thursdays become fridays'
b'dude with all these robberies happening, i am seriously scared to walk around on campus alone.'
b'dude - you look so pretty, what are you doing this weekend? me - thank you, you look pretty too have a good weekend i suck at flirting fml'
b'due to budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been shut off.'
b'" it was great. i am quite busy with papers, and writing music though, have not actually got time to socialize " she frowned.'
b'during justins performance of love yourself a fan yelled " justin spit on me " face with tears of joy like wtf?'
b'during personal finance i spend my whole check on ebay because i feel like i make smarter decisions... lol. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'during sex it\'s perfectly fine to say " yeah ", " yes ", and " oh yes " but how awkward would it be if someone kept screaming " yep "'
b'during this exchange study period fridays have been the new mondays... really hate having boring classes the whole day expressionless face'
b'idk man. guess i was real into my politics class face with tears of joy'
b'boo can not go then have to wait for my sister to get home from school loudly crying face'
b"and i obviously know what's going on in econ ii right now"
b'the thing that really gets me is, we never intended it to look like a bloody sweatshirt.'
b'i think i can relate to all of their tweets'
b'early morning work is no fun..'
b'easily my new favorite vine'
b'yeah ea great advice. ps look at how bad your ai is. 2 players doing nothing'
b"that's not new, back in my day we did this... wait cough syrup that's messed up"
b'peter ran in there like peter he is like the fittest guy there xxx'
b'easy like sunday morning'
b'eating dinner at 11:33 and not even half way done with my homework, i love college heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'eating fries from the bag & makin sure you do not get the batch you been eating from smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'eating is probably my favorite sport'
b'eating pot results in a more intense and longer lasting high than smoking it, according to a study.'
b'eating the next few days is going to be fun...'
b'eat whatever you want, and if anyone tries to lecture you about your weight, eat them too.'
b"ebola spreading like in africa.. obama's response, of course enough"
b'that would make it quadruplets not twins. cause you know i can be'
b'my fave thing about shopping there is how 10 employees approach me and ask me if i need help within 10 mins'
b'it was so hectic i felt so awkward ur all really nice but omg group chats are so rude to my anxiety'
b'echo point is busy this afternoon. \xf3\xbe\xae\x97\xf3\xbe\x8c\xb8 askroz to find great things to see and do in australia'
b"eddie is such a disappointment. & he was my favorite cast member too. your true colors are showing and they're showing real good"
b'the moment you blasting & song and the person on the other side of the gas pump says thats the jam. hell yeah'
b'what the hell are you doing? i love your music, but please write your own music.'
b'nothing much hoping to hit 1k soon'
b'edwins broadcast last night was v awkward but raddie are friends now good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'eeeh running is about to suck after i smoked this weekend grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i do not have a ride my love.'
b'effy is so dumb but in a cute way ha'
b'ask that people who have a problem with atheists, gays, or minorities to follow me.'
b'eh. i literally hate almost everyone today.. pensive face'
b'eight and a half hour stream is complete! thanks to all the homies for coming out! time to sleep.'
b': i love it so much when you do that'
b'elementary kids have iphones. when i was a kid, i put glue on my hands just to peel it off when it dried.'
b'elephants live upstairs.'
b'elephants must have just moved in upstairs. oh, and they decided to move around some furniture. lovely'
b'elephants must live upstairs bc these niggas so fucking loud, shut the fuck upppppp'
b'elephants upstairs and spanish karaoke night downstairs. things are getting wild at the apartment complex 2nite.'
b'elephants upstairs at it again. expressionless face'
b'ignore the fools they do not appreciate good acting.'
b'i am going to miss you too'
b'ya while i am at alfies lemme just spend friday and saturday night at ale house'
b"it was. it wasn't what i was expecting. i've been morally challenged twice within the past 24 hours. college is just"
b'may god make it clearer for everything every secondwhat is best for his creation. amen ameen ya allah the creator the king i'
b"also dude, idk how you did not say the dark knight is a joke of a selection. it's a very good movie. but"
b"i want you to know how much fun i've had toying with you in this blood-letting. your homophobic pics and you're racist beliefs"
b'i love it, especially walking to school and getting wet'
b'literally all i wanted to do was talk to you yesterday! i miss ait so much because i can not see you everyday! crying face'
b'literally texted someone last night... " kinda have a lot of homework " " starting season seven "'
b'she was just on the phone with him & the dad screamed " tell her you love her " & the boy got so embarrased he yelled " stfu " face with tears of joy'
b'thanks em, but this has made me feel so crap and down d : believing'
b'can not wait until the next - cough - pot luck!'
b"i miss you're old music, and you should have slayed drake, do you think you're music will ever sound like it use to?"
b'eminem is 41 years old what the fuck'
b'emma can make her way back to the door anytime now bc i literally do not have any energy to chase her around the neighborhood. raised hand'
b'will think of you when i am having a long lie'
b'easy love by sigala. i always hear " cellphone allergy " in the chorus instead of " simple melody " face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b"we're now learning about run on sentences.. omg so interesting.."
b'did you do an alice in wonderland thing recently? my gf put something on as we went to sleep last night, and i am ill'
b'your room is ready. miss evers has been busy cleaning'
b'emotionally prepared for mockingjay considering i started crying when finnick came on screen.'
b"i love him but he's such a jerk but i will also keep that in mind :0"
b'emptied my make up bag and my foundation has exploded everywhere, great'
b'good spelling'
b'ended the night smashed, surprised'
b"i use the clue app, created by lady doctors in northern europe, i love it. there's room for lots of info and not pink"
b"i have this and it's not fun! it's a little better now but the inconvenience of having injections every 2 was is bad! pouting face"
b'ends every piece of advice with " idk though " so that its not my fault if i ruin ur life'
b'melissa. you do not understand. i would give up my right arm for this woman.'
b'you better get your a game on tonight if your kicking off air'
b'english class fail idk why i am here wavy'
b"enjoy high school! you're going to blink twice and you 'll be in your cap and gown staring at your class wondering where time went"
b'enjoying a relaxing detoxing drink on our chilled out holiday'
b'enjoy the little things in life because one day you will look back and realize they were the big things.'
b"and i am sure he's thrilled with this picture you chose to use."
b'had to share this for all the female fans! smile'
b'ill give my right arm so then theyll have a left and right arm'
b"i'll pitch in and give my right arm"
b'same but i would give my right arm to be there because i am left handed face with tears of joy'
b'erection from it and felt almost embarrassed about it but then i realized it was because you love me you said that and i love you.'
b'never listen to " all you zombies " anymore. forgot what a great song it is. thank you kind sir. 500 miles right now. awesome!'
b'i just got notification that i passed the gmon beta exam! thanks for teaching such a great sec511 class this past may!'
b'are you that stupid to substitute a different arena photo? or are you as allergic to the truth as your lying sack of shit father?'
b"omg! you & ur brother & that weird ass sister of yours, ya know, the 1 ur dad's wants to bang really bad! ur all inbred children"
b'acceptable he should not play until full investigation.'
b'not that i am saying her photos are bad! i love her work. i just noticed everyone is doing it now'
b'nfl fan for long time, players need to be held accountable for their actions and league has no clue how to fix good'
b'are you. great because i have been doing nothing but cinderella stage.'
b'find your ones in a lifetime love, then you do not have to search for'
b'we\'d love to feature you in our " what are doctors thankful for? " post, do you have two minutes?'
b"especially on friday's at 5pm i wish i could slide down the back of a brontosaurus directly into my car."
b'how is this watered down lineup going to to score feeling it'
b"let's help him make more money"
b'i hear ya and feel the same way. i learned to love throwing money at my attorney after i got burnt once. not fun'
b'is a name you want ur daughter dating.'
b'ye me too man'
b'ethan looks so tired omg but then graysons like good i threw pumpkin guts at my brother score!'
b'etsyifyourenasty : money lighters - or'
b"at sharkos? have fun ev should be a great time face with tears of joy it's gonna be so busy"
b'i woke up to a whole convo lol, love you!'
b"even atheists make bargains with god when the toilet water threatens to overflow at a friend's house."
b'even doing nothing the dull one is anxious and distracted. even amidst great action the wise one remains still.'
b'even dwarves were in a bath and they were all feeling happy, so happy got out.'
b'even if audu rise. it means he was never dead in the first place. there is nothing like raise from death or reincarnated.'
b"even if i am not tweeting.. i am always here. a l w a y s scrolling. judging. judging. scrolling. that's right i see everything"
b"even if you're not friends anymore, you never share their secrets, because they told you that in confidence when they were close to you"
b"evening news is where they begin with \xe2\x80\x98good evening ', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't."
b'even the rain is sweet in the metal capital seattle! we have enjoyed a great evening full of great singing and'
b'even the realist nigga been fake before. wit the chick he lead on jus for some pussy then dropped her.'
b'even tho it was raining last night and i got a great watering system.. still gotta water the plants. it\'s relaxing. " -'
b'even though i know i am eating at the right pace, whenever i see a cop at a restaurant, i start eating slower... just in case.'
b"even though i look so dumb y'all cute smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"even though im a sassy bitch i've got a heart and people always seem to forget that"
b'even though last night was mostly doing homework, the rest of my night was pretty awesome. i needed that.'
b"even though they aren't real cops, if i am ever murdered i'd still like ice t & richard belzer to investigate the case"
b'(even though this is nothing like the book ) i am so excited :)))))'
b'eventually the entire written english language will be taken over by emoticons. teenage girls will bring us back to egyptian hieroglyphs.'
b'eventually we\'re just gonna have to accept " ducking " is a swear word'
b'even working half days on my day off'
b'ever accidentally throw something away and then later realize you actually needed it? i did this with my life'
b'ever checked your account hoping that your direct deposit hit a lil earlier?'
b'ever noticed how by is basically a song about a no strings attached relationship? hushed face'
b'ever pretend to be on the phone to get out of an uncomfortable situation, and then it rings?'
b'ever read old messages and think " damn we had it good " smh'
b'ever since i met you, no one else has been worth thinking about relieved face'
b'ever since you guys met you do not care about me anymore sad'
b"ever think about something so much it makes you stomach sick? no? oh it's just me.."
b'this is twitter not school no need for propar grammar fag.'
b'every 3. 5 seconds a dumb bitch is getting dropped off at work in her own car by a jobless cheating bum ass dude are you that bitch?'
b'every 3 year old needs a facebook or a twitter. because they really care about that.'
b'everybody has a girlfriend and a boyfriend, and i am over here like " i love food "'
b'everybody has the power to make someone else happy. some do it by entering the room, while some do it by leaving.'
b'everybody in love with whoever getting it or whoever being talked about.'
b"everybody is falling in love, and i am just trying to not fall asleep in class... happy monday y'all tired face"
b'everybody is going home enyoing the \xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e, i not amuses weary face'
b"every day i promise i'll go to bed early. every night i break that promise."
b'everyday i wanna be a better person and everyday people happen'
b'everyday i wanna be a better person but today is not that day'
b'every day my phone asks me if i wanna update it... and everyday i click " later "'
b"every day since chumbawumba broke up, i've found it harder and harder to get back up again."
b'every facebook photo album could be titled either " envy me! " or " pity me! "'
b'every female knows that one annoying boy who constantly asks " so when we gonna chill? "'
b'every girl has those few songs that make her feel like a sexy stripper dont even argue with me'
b"every girl's dream is to dress up for a date and blow the guy's mind and have him tell her she's stunning"
b"every medicine on the market is like pros : you'll stop coughing cons : you might die"
b'every morning i look forward to coming home and sleeping'
b'every morning is a continuous cycle of wow i can not wait to go to bed tonight'
b"every night, it's an endless battle between sleep and the internet"
b'every once in a while i check up on people i hate to make sure i still hate them i do'
b"everyone : are you okay everyone : you look tired everyone : you look upset everyone : you look confused everyone : are you sick me : it's my face"
b'everyone at home is so happy today.'
b'everyone be sure to wish it a happy bday! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b"everyone deserves to see the boys that close. there's nothing like it."
b"everyone freaked out and thought i wasn't coming to class today"
b'everyone go buy new album handwritten revisited! i already am in love. i will not get any work done in school tomorrow! face with tears of joy'
b"everyone has that one best friend who's now a stranger.?"
b'everyone has that one ex they do not want the world to know they ever dated.'
b'everyone has three lives : a public life, a private life, and a secret life'
b"everyone : if you keep listening to your music so loudly you'll be deaf by the time you're 20 me : what"
b"everyone i know acts like they're in a competition over who is more exhausted."
b'everyone i know is either pregnant or married and it makes me wish... i could find a decent drinking buddy to replace all you sellouts.'
b'everyone in my class is ill including me so deffo can not wait to get even more ill'
b'everyone in the valley is dying of heat, and i am up here in the rain.'
b'everyone is always talking about " getting high on life " but this cereal sucks and it hurts my nose'
b'everyone is crawling out of bed to go to work whilst i am still out smile i love america smile more drinks please'
b'everyone is going to the football game tonight but i am stuck babysitting'
b'everyone is so social at uw fox face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'everyone knows that if you send the last text at night, the other person is supposed to start the convo the next day. thats how it works.'
b"everyone : omg you're so quiet me in my head : what the fuck is up kyle no what did you say dude what the fuck dude step the fuck up"
b'everyones gonna regret not talking to me when im rich and famous'
b'everyone should make sure to go & check out new album live like a legend victory hand smiling face with smiling eyes it so freaking amazing! heavy black heart'
b"everyone starting college today, please make a huge deal about it, because it's never been done before."
b"everyone's turning so hostile on here all of a sudden. need a snickers?"
b'everyone\'s tweeting " i swear summer lasted like 3 minutes " bitch shut up no it did not yo ass obviously gotta go back to school you can not count'
b'everyone tells me what a terrible dancer i am, which makes perfect sense because ellen degeneres is my biological father.'
b'everyone thinks that their mom is the best cook around. you are wrong. my mom is the best cook here.'
b'everyone wants happiness, nobody wants pain. but you can not have a rainbow without a little rain!'
b"everyone wants to find out how you're doing, its not like they care.. they just want to be sure you're not doing better than them..."
b"everyone would stop having sex bc the teacher is nice and smiling but he's threatening and slightly homicidal"
b'every pizza is a personal pizza if you eat the entire thing.'
b'every pretty girl has an ugly friend. if you do not have one then you must be the ugly friend.'
b'every relationship has its problems but sometimes what makes it perfect is if you still wanna be together when things go the wrong way.'
b'every relationship has its problems but what makes it perfect is when you still want to be there when everything sucks.'
b'every relationship is messed up. what makes it perfect is if you still want to be there when thing gets hard.'
b"every school has that group of girls which think they're loved by everyone when in reality, no-one likes them"
b'every semicolon i have ever used has been a complete guess.'
b'every single person on the planet has the reflexes of a superhero if you start scrolling through their photos while holding their phone.'
b"every snack you make, every meal you bake, every bite you take, i'll be watching you. - dog"
b'every so often, i try to fornicate a large word into conversation, even if i am not sure what it means.'
b'every test ever is taking place in the next two days'
b"every text i get, i always hope it's you"
b"everything about this is me - love being up early at the weekends! switch the tea for coffee and it's spot on hot beverage"
b"everything done. now i'll attempt to go back to sleep until my dad calls."
b"everything happens for a reason, that reason causes change. sometimes it hurts and sometimes it's hard. but in the end, it's all for the best."
b'everything happens for a reason ".. yeah i just fall down the fucking stairs so i went to hospital on purpose..'
b'everything is literally pissing me off right now unamused face'
b'everything is made in china. except for babies. they are made in vachina.'
b'everything just keeps getting better and better. angry face'
b"everything's funnier when you're not allowed to laugh. like just a minute ago at the library i nearly peed myself from laughing just because"
b"everything's funnier when you're not allowed to laugh."
b'will be in the if its okay, its not the'
b'every time a credible news source fact checks anything said by republicans its 100% false lies to win the prize sign me up please'
b"everytime i cough gabriel copies me and it's so cute face with tears of joy smiling face with heart shaped eyes i can not wait till my baby is here."
b'everytime i go to the pub at least one person tells me my mum is hot/ fit/ stunning/ milf/ etc.. - makes me feel great smile'
b'everytime i have my hair laid it decides to rain confused face'
b'every time i listen to music from mamma mia past 8pm i start cleaning my room worry why'
b'every time i lose my phone... its always on either silent or vibrate. how convenient'
b'every time i open my ds i instantly forget what i want to play bc i get caught up in the squid sisters song'
b'every time i see an obese cop, a small part of me hopes he has to chase me.'
b'every time i see " explain. " on a test, a part of me dies'
b'every time i wake up i am very excited to switch on the wifi so that i could tweet and the other half!'
b'every -time i walk over a sewer grate i look down into it hoping to catch a glimpse of a ninja turtle'
b'every time my lips are chapped or my nose is stuffed im like what was it like? to live life before this to be happy'
b'every time someone calls me fat i get so depress i cut myself... a piece of cake.'
b'every woman republican senator voted against the equal pay/fairness pay act (4 in total ). well done gop. well done.'
b'every year, i realize how stupid i was the year before.'
b'every year, unknowingly, we pass the anniversary of our future death.'
b'every year you pass your birthday and know that you were born that day but every year you pass your death day and have no clue'
b'ewww i think my jeans will be wet for the rest of the school day? this is so gross'
b'ewwwwwww i actually puked. hahah just how i love to start my monday mornings unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'exactly one half, the right, of my body is covered in hives. i am turning into a raspberry'
b'exactly the kind of email i wish to receive after unsubscribing from an email list.'
b'exactly what i needed to cheer me up. excellent.'
b"exams are like girls, they ask too many questions and are hard to understand... but it feels good when you've nailed one."
b"exam's week is next monday and my grades aren't that great 5 seconds of summer"
b"do not piss up my back and tell me it's raining! what a surprise!"
b'excellent news! : all my lab work is finally done and dusted now i can offically start my hormonal treatment... good ha'
b'except the weekend, he suck'
b'excited for my tuesday schedule. my favorite. smile'
b'excited i was. so excited. to wake up. from my awful, uncomfortable, cold cold cold sleep i was having'
b'excited to wake up to a paycheck tomorrow morning'
b'excuse me as i ruin something in my head before it has a chance to happen'
b"excuse me, here's your nose. i found it in my business."
b'excuse me what did you say i cant hear you i have an ear disease called i dont fucking care'
b"yeah you're right"
b'experience the joy! children in collier county see the beach for the first time'
b'expose our military to ebola great move obama'
b"expressing is fun at 3 o 'clock in the morning!"
b'pathetic. but all of us fans have full confidence that terry ryan/pohlad boys will field a better team next year.'
b'you could invite that guy to lunch with any luck he will not be wearing a suicide vest!'
b"facebook, are you that insecure in that you always need to know what's on my mind?"
b"facebook asks : what's on your mind? twitter asks : what's happening? instagram asks : what did you eat? the web is a worried mom."
b"facebook can read what you're typing, even when you do not post it."
b'facebook is a lot like jail. you sit around and write on walls and get poked by random people.'
b'facebook is for people i normally see. twitter is for people i wish i could see.'
b"facebook is just like my refrigerator. i check it every 10 minutes and yet there's nothing new."
b"facebook is like a fridge. when you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it."
b'facebook is like a relationship : faithful on your wall, but cheating in their inbox'
b'facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you do not know.'
b'facebook is only good for reminding me how much i hate birthdays, births, faces, discussions, interactions and events'
b'facebook is starting to be like my fridge, i know nothing is there but i keep checking it anyway'
b'facebook is stupid i am done with drama'
b'facebook is the easiest way to silently judge people that i never want to see again.'
b"facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall."
b'facebook keeps changing, updating... yet they can not add a simple " " dislike " " button -_-'
b'facebook makes me want to puke.'
b'facebook needs a " wow, that\'s the dumbest fucking thing i\'ve heard, you should be punched in the throat " button.'
b'facebook needs to add " still banging my ex " as a relationship status option.'
b'facebook people be like " like this if you love waffles. ignore if you have buttsex with satan. " wtf is happing?!'
b'facebook rule if i am not in it, do not tag me in your photo.'
b'facebook should have a limit on times you can change ur relationship status in a year! after 2 it should default to \' " unstable " \''
b'facebook should just change it\'s name to " people you may want to avoid. "'
b'facebook should limit the amount of times you can change your relationship status. after 3 times it should say " unstable. "'
b"facebook should make it to where it says, 'went from being in a relationship ' to 'problem solved. '"
b'face is still so numb from the injection this morning... this is going to be fun... cant talk or smile face with tears of joy'
b'face : *smiling* head : fuck you'
b'fact : mimes always scream when you kick them in the balls.'
b': spending at least 60 minutes in conversation with someone you care about an hour before bed can help you sleep peacefully. "'
b'fact : to see better in a dark room, turn on the lights.'
b'faded -away : cut her - or'
b'i thought daredevil was good, except the parts where they tried to make you sympathize b/c i just could not ha except foggy'
b'i need to come home just for this. miss you white frowning face'
b"failed a bio exam smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat had my last chem lab grinning face with smiling eyes bought a car flushed face today's been great"
b'failed that math exam. but you know what? life is too great to stress about the little things smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'fair play my betting is off to a flyer tonight!'
b"fair to say that 4 and a half hour of sleep wasn't enough"
b"fair week is ms. gates ' favorite week of the school year."
b"for a weapon of mass destruction like me, it's more fun to kill with my blade and gain power through the blood that gets on me"
b'fake deep is the best deep'
b'fake friends : once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you'
b'fake is the new trend and everyone seems to be in style.'
b'fake is the new trend and some of my friends seem to be in style!'
b"fakkkk i've been in this shirt for literally an hour and i've already got a stain on it loudly crying face"
b'*fall* couples : we are going to cuddle and snuggle like there is no tomorrow. me : *stares at pillow* you love me right?'
b'fall has been super busy in a great way, between work and a much needed vacation, my creative juices are nicely charged!'
b'falling asleep to the sound of screaming is truly a beautiful thing'
b'falling asleep to the sound of the rain is great'
b'falling in love is like watching a sexy person eat hot, crispy bacon and wanting to eat some, too. marriage is like listening to them chew.'
b'falling out of a turn is so... graceful...'
b'fall in love and missing all over again'
b"fall in love with someone who makes you laugh or you're gonna be really bored when you're 80, with a broken hip, and sex is impossible."
b'family know how to make me feel good about myself'
b"family member : what are you doing with your life? me : it's a surprise"
b'famous quote said on september 16: i hope we do not see another iraq -type operation for a long time kofi annan, 2004.'
b'fan section on point tonight face with tears of joy'
b'fantastic results from my scan :))))))'
b"fantasy football players, time to look up the photos of ap's son. best be dropping him real fast... really"
b'farber thinks that he is gonna push me around in a wheel chair! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'farmer dupre wants to find the best time to take her hogs to the market. the current price is 88 cents per po'
b'farmers never know exactly how many sheep they have. they fall asleep every time they try to count them.'
b'fastest communication : tell a girl a rumor and let her know to keep it a secret.'
b'fate is when you find something you were never looking for and realize its everything you never knew you wanted.'
b'fat girls smoking cigarettes are the most attractive type of people'
b'father had a girlfriend, brother has a girlfriend, i have a fridge.'
b'fat, single and ready for a pringle.'
b'favorite car? : " we\'ll keep fixing the impala whenever she gets beat up. "'
b'favorite late night activity : stalking girls on instagram in my baggie t-shirt eating chicken nuggets wishing i was pretty and fit'
b"favorite old people things watching your family's disappointment as you once again reach your next birthday"
b'favorite pastime : presenting more and more things to my grandmother so she thinks i am a disappointment to the family.'
b': when darth baby will not stop screaming long enough to eat.. is it wednesday yet?!'
b'favorite this if you made the vow " never drinking again " after your new year\'s eve festivities but have already broken it.'
b"can you please tell to add aim assist for snipers it's pretty hard to snipe please do not ruin a great game"
b'do not eat and vlog. makes me wanna puke. but love you 3'
b'why does your hair make you look like bert from sesame street? face with tears of joy'
b"if you grew up in the hood when the white race died black women would of told you as a preteen you weren't going to get a girlfriend."
b'tip of the day, do your job according to the rule of law.'
b'my video of me dry-humping the voluptuous is almost at 225,000 views!'
b'fb new messenger feature : " so what if she did not reply to my message. i at least scored 11 in basketball "'
b"as much as i love blowing up twitter, all good things must come to an end. good luck on your mixtape. i'll be waiting, santa"
b'federal program supplies surplus military gear to schools exactly what the schools need!'
b'fed up with this cold and why is it you do not cough all day but as soon as you get into bed, can not wait to get a good nights sleep'
b"feeling emotions i've never felt before or thought i could feel. thank you \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f loudly crying face weary face"
b'feeling great before my game. pensive face'
b'feeling great right now'
b'feeling like a million bucks after that chem 2 test. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'feeling like your about to puke after a slam, i love skateboarding'
b'feelings are ruining my rep of being a hardcore bitch omg'
b'feeling so crazy right now really'
b'feeling so tired but i have work from 1:30pm to 6:00pm cst good'
b'feel like i am developing a stressed eric type vein in my temple. oh and my anxiety is showing up again. good'
b'feels amazzzzing knowing the jobs associated with my degree also requires 2 -3 years of experience'
b'feels good to be ignored.'
b"feels good to be on good terms with someone you thought you'd never be on good terms with ever again."
b'feels good to sleep for 5 hours \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'feels great when i can not sleep, especially when all i want to do is talk to you.'
b'feels like i just broke my elbow i hit it so hard...'
b'feels so nice knowing i have the day off tomorrow, love exeats'
b'do not let the jerks get you down! we love you so much!'
b'fellas just take a day off to be with your queen and love on her.'
b'fell in love with a love that i should\'ve left alone for my own better " that line so powerful.'
b'felt so special going to work today, got endless love. took one day off. everybody acted like i was gone for a year. lol'
b'females be bitchin like dey ass so perfect unamused face'
b'females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me.'
b'females will find out everything, so i suggest you do not lie to them.'
b"feminists, do you hold doors? do you carry your man's stuff when shopping? do you apologize for no reason? do not talk about equal rights."
b"ferris bueller did more in one day than i've done in my entire life."
b'few minutes into your new video and the off center camera is hurting my brain but excited to finish once i am home!'
b'ffs i just want lyndsey to get caught so much'
b"wish this had the grave within a grave track included there's no good quality version of that shit"
b'you must not also enjoy breathing cause adele is life'
b'filling out medical forms is how i like to spend my tuesday mornings'
b'filthylittlecreaturessss : everyday is 420 - or'
b'finally a degree'
b'finally after one and half hour the one we cant live without came back.. now i cn sleep happily!'
b'finally done my classes good'
b'finally finished science homework'
b'finally get a day off from work. holy crap! but you know what... i am proud for working hard. can not wait to actually sit down and edit though'
b'finally get into bed after a long day, but i have more homework. awesome'
b'finally getting up... i love my days off. sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'finally in bed. no better time to start thinking about every possible thing that has or ever could happen.'
b'finals week : the happiest and most depressing week of the entire semester.'
b"finding dory made me so feel guilty for every single time i've touched the sea creatures in the touch pools at aquariums i am sorry"
b'finding out the kid you " dated " in jr high is now in prison'
b'finding out your ex got fat is like finding 20 bucks in your pocket. not life changing but definitely puts a smile on your face.'
b'finding someone who thinks ur interesting enough to talk to you every day, whether theyre a friend or a lover, is one of the best feelings ever'
b'finding that out made me so happy'
b'find someone who is honest, laughs when you make fun of them, and then give each other orgasms.'
b'find someone who makes you happy and hold them responsible for all your emotions.'
b"find someone who will be there for you at 2 am when you're falling apart, but also at 3 pm when you love life and they make you love it more"
b'find someone who will change your life, not just your status.'
b'fine. do not reply to my text then. i like food better than you anyway.'
b"i am lookin i am lookin i have kinda a busy weekend with wrk but i'll try and get shit done"
b'finished my first grad school test today now i can take time off studying'
b'finished my lunch shift, now just gonna do my homework in the car until my dinner shift lmao this is the life'
b'finished my whole lab before my lab class was even technically over good'
b"finishing up my work on mindojo's bloomberg level i cfa exam prep project. what a great company and great pay!"
b'finishing your algebra 2 homework in class is one of the best feelings ever'
b'finishing you\'re morning work like " dang i am glad i got up early "'
b'fire alarm at the suites, perfect thing to end my dinner hamburger'
b'fire alarm activated at this ungodly hour. it is also raining... only good thing is that are hot'
b'*fire alarm goes off. we walk outside in the drizzling rain* stephanie szovati says " how can there be a fire if its raining? " flushed face face without mouth'
b'fire alarm in the house going off was the perfect thing to wake up too'
b'fire alarm, now i can stand outside and enjoy this perfect weather'
b'fire alarm went off and its raining'
b'fire alarm went off at school so we are all outside. and then it starts raining.'
b"fire alarm went off during my physics class, so all these fuckers decide it's a good idea to have a quick cig..."
b'fireman should be made of fire if snowman is made of snow.'
b'first 10 years of a girls life is spent playing with barbies & the next 10 years are spent trying to look like one.'
b'first canceled my order, ran out of everything i ordered, then charged me twice because " my card wasn\'t on file ". thanks a lot.'
b'first day all school year that i havent had homework and i dont know what to do with myself'
b'first day back... homework in every subject smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day back to work was a success. only if by success you mean a mind numbing welcome back to reality.'
b'first day ever of no homework = take 2 naps'
b'first day ever without having any homework really idk what to do with myself'
b'first day i actually do not have any homework or work for any of my classes.'
b'first day i do not have homework since the first day of school... time to soak up the moment smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'first day i have not had any homework in awhile.'
b'first day in a long time i have no homework so i can sleep all day, i get called to give tutoring lol i hate my life'
b'first day in a long time i have not had any homework smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day ive never had homework to do smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'first day of actual school and i purposely left my homework at school.'
b'first day of college that i do not have any homework, work, or responsibilities. weary face'
b'first day of holiday fr me starts with doing homework.'
b'first day of human anatomy and we already have homework due this afternoon and a post lecture quiz smile'
b'first day of no homework in five weeks. how long will this last?'
b'first day of the new tri and it feels like i have more homework than i have all year'
b'first day of this school year that i do not have homework'
b'first day since school started that liv doesnt have homework. smiling face with sunglasses'
b'first day we got our stuff for basketball - leaves bag at gym and forgets to bring i home. still not as bad as " forgetting " homework'
b'first draw in a while.'
b"first exam tomorrow, did not study. i'll tell ya how that'll go"
b'first i spilt lots of hot chocolate, then i microwaved it too much and it exploded, but i got lots in the mug and then it was great.'
b'first michael jackson, then neil armstrong?! somethings telling me god is not a fan of moon walkers.'
b"first my sister's eye and now my brother is covered in hives. what's next"
b'first night since the first day of school that i do not have homework wow'
b'first paper of the semester! woohoo'
b'first round of prototypes were almost perfect. some small changes and waiting on the second round now. long'
b'first the jerk cut me off in traffic, then stole my parking space, then his stupid car got paint all over my key!'
b'first thesis meeting tomorrow'
b'first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win'
b'first thing a girl says when it rains : " my hair! "'
b'first thing i do in the morning : look at the clock and hope i have more time to sleep.'
b'first thought as i woke up! miss you'
b"first week of school : bitch, i am gonna work so fucking hard. i am getting straight a's! second week : fuck this shit. i give up!"
b'f is for friends that fuck you over you is for ur a hoe n is for never talk to me again, leave me the fuck alone'
b"i know! it's better though that they went up. i wish juniors would've went up too. the total is what i am hoping to hit for my dl neutral face"
b'five hours on this geometry exam and still not finished. i love my major. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'fixed smiling face with open mouth everyday would be a great day to just chill at home doing nothing.'
b'fixing friendships is one of my favorite things.'
b"fixing kandice's tweets is one of my favorite pastimes."
b'fixing the playlist of my life. but actually punk rock will always be my favorite genre'
b"fixing to watch my all time favorite movie 'white chicks ' \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x88"
b"fixing to watch my favorite actress she's so awesome smiling face with open mouth heavy black heart her"
b'fixing your favorite toilet | community services inc.'
b'flappy bird is like the new angry bird except this time i am the angry one'
b'flight got canceled so i had to rebook which was my " refund ". i am now flying out 12 hours from when i was supposed to. thanks'
b"flipped on pros vs joes to pass some time. had no idea i'd catch and his frosted tips raining threes. pleasant surprise"
b'flirting - normal people : " hey whats up cutie ;)) " me : " soo.. you like breadsticks? "'
b'that silly lorry is still sleeping on the m11 slip road'
b'lol i love that'
b'i love that ya got children on better health n nutrition'
b'spoke to the country today not just as first lady but as first mom. we owe it to our kids to reject bullying, bigotry and sexism.'
b'luke fucking hemmings are you trying to kill me bcs its working fucksnsohsk 5 seconds of summer'
b'we are just the " sensitive ones " ha my allergy started when we had our pet tho but i love the dog so im dying'
b"flushing a slow or hesitant toilet at someone else's house is the scariest 5 to 10 seconds ever."
b'flying is simple. you just throw yourself at the ground and miss.'
b'good started of at work went to my classes then more work'
b'focus intently doing ur homework or writing ur own novel while wearing ur own lucas hoodie!'
b'fog and rain follows weekend snow - thanksgiving travel likely impacted'
b'foggy across the state north of highway 84... good pic'
b'just too good a stuff coming from someone so young.'
b'follow your brain. your heart is stupid.'
b'heavy check mark food heavy check mark bed heavy check mark music heavy check mark twitter heavy check mark cellphone = perfect day.'
b'food chemistry sounds fun but i do not want to pay for culinary arts school. i also want my ph. d and i do not need any delays.'
b'when she and nanna g came over while you were camping. was sublime. sorry to make you jealous about this food'
b'food poisoning is the best.'
b"of course caro's opinion is far more educated and knowledgable than anyone who actually has played or coached the game"
b"for a hero, it's pretty cool that mario is just a dude who ignores his real job, does mushrooms and smashes his head into things all day."
b'for as little as a day you can feed a family of 5 ducks pieces of bread down at the local pond.'
b'that looks like something... can not quite put my finger on it'
b'foreigners good morning good afternoon good night yall too ~ i like the time when the sky is dark and blue.. like 5am!'
b"forever 21 gives me anxiety, i love the store but it's so unorganized and i can not figure out what to get i have to walk around 100 times"
b'forever eating carbs and praying they go to my ass and not my stomach.'
b'forever fucked up in the head. thanks.'
b'forever going to school looking like a wet dog'
b'forever living in my brothers shadow is just great!'
b'forever wanting christian cooke to love me " come on, man she\'s waiting'
b'forever wondering what my language sounds like to people who can not speak it'
b'for everyone who just saw me face plant it on west campus, thanks for not making me feel like a total loser. the applause was great.'
b'forget team edward or team jacob, i am team guy who almost hit bella with his van.'
b'forgetting to put your alarm when you start at 7am... this is great.'
b'forgetting which pocket your car keys is in can result in the macarena'
b'for girls : a nice, warm and cozy cuddle. for guys : a dead arm, a face full of hair and a awkward boner that you can not do anything about.'
b"forgot deodorant this morning so i'll just rock the t -rex arms."
b'forgot to bring my headphones to the gym this morning, the music they play in this gym pumps me up soo much!'
b'forgot to charge my phone last night... 17% battery will get me through the day right?'
b'forgot to clean my room well so carpet cleaning guys : welcome to my depression crevice trade mark sign'
b'forgot to make resolutions? just write out everything you did last night and at the beginning add the word " stop. "'
b"for halloween i should just dress up as fred from scooby doo and run around taking off people's masks"
b"for just once in my life i want my phone to ring and for someone on the other end to ask if i am on a'secure line '"
b'for many people, " live and learn " is one task too many.'
b"for men who think a woman's place is in the kitchen... remember, that's where the knives are kept."
b'for me, " time " is a perspective. in this particular case... i\'ll need billions light years to wait being attractive'
b'for someone who loves sleep so much you \xc2\x92d think that i \xc2\x92d sleep earlier'
b'for some reason i literally hate almost everyone today.. pensive face'
b'for some reason i love staying up and making myself tired the next day..'
b'for the first time in forever i am happy with my english homework'
b'for the first time in my life i literally spent an entire weekend doing school work and reading...'
b'for the fun group 5 seconds of retirement 5 seconds of summer'
b'for the love of everything - what the hell are those uniforms about look like the puke of misery.'
b'for the next twenty minutes i will be doing nothing.'
b'for the third night in a row, i am going to try to get through this war documentary without falling asleep.'
b"for you men who think a woman's place is in the kitchen, remember... that's where the knives are kept."
b"found the orthotics i've been looking for for 2 months in my gym bag. i guess that says how often i go to the gym."
b'found this pic in my phone with skrillex face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'four hours of sleep'
b'four words that i never want to hear : there is no food.'
b': fuck you! fraser wants my babies! i am a 10 -5! 7 hours on the floor because life is fucking mint.'
b"i am working on an art work for you, it's based on the depression subject. you will love it, can you please dm me!"
b'i really hope you never reveal who you really are, its too much fun reading the speculations. love from mrs. foust'
b"why not ask him if he wants to donate that 166 million he has to the oppressed blacks he's talking about?"
b"can not blame him, his first job is to protect his citizens and govt can not guarantee the ppl they're dropping invisible state"
b"what's the time limit ignoring a murder, i did not realize their was one? let's all just continue to ignore it."
b'hillary says at rally i talk a positive rally not an insulting one yet all she does is insult trump. mixed up person'
b'did they give them all baby bottles and wipe their butts too? come on. this is why the millennials are the way they are'
b'enable the message feature on your facebook so your viewers that are upset with megyn kelly over ng last night can tell you so.'
b'these kids do not even know what they are doing. they are not taught history anymore. funny they do not look opposed!'
b'good you for finally reporting on a drunk driver that is not a latino'
b'have been for over 25 years. they perfected it over the last 8years. how can anyone in their right mind votehrc'
b'that is definitely saying it nicely pence. it is not just the work of trump, but we have work to help'
b'great move governor. other states need to do the same if they have the guts. these refugees will be the next demo voter plantations.'
b'people better wake up bc if she gets in our america will be gone.'
b'greg as a child and parent i hated homework i was especially bad at math i was in banking & never used it. i built a bank'
b'hard to believe in talking snakes in the google age.'
b"her child care policy is to laugh while defending the rapist who attacks children. she's a demented spawn of satan"
b'how exactly are we going to do that by letting them die and benghazi like you did'
b'people are really thinking of voting for this man, who does or says this if your running for office. fools!!'
b"hollywood is a bunch of loser that are on the inside billy baldwin you couldn't hold down a regular job in your life loser"
b"if everyone was like that the country would be half full all the time... not like we've had a super majority winner recently."
b'i fly to canada next week through detroit but at least it was just the co pilot.'
b'- they got rich on their own. trump was just born into it - time for him to retire from never working.'
b'i want to literally understand what goes through your heads but in all honestly i cannot. it makes no sense. and i am neutral lmao.'
b'unreal, the pen never had a chance to dry... i could not believe he was doing this and still staying in office'
b'your personality is getting uglier every day! you are o longer fair and balanced and are bad for the network!'
b'normal countries would have real news networks and politicians that do not lie to the public. but i know nothing smile'
b"no fox & friends!! it's the 2nd time this week replaced by some comedy show!! hour 1/2 2 days ago!!"
b'now that cow farts are regulated i can finally rest easy thank god'
b'yes, if your parents came here illegally and your welcome to go with them. they need to do it right.'
b'spoke with at the riot? i knew his ass was there.. is he the one with the toilet paper or the weave? lol'
b'what at this point difference does it make if it means president hrc. wake up pple'
b'she canceled the events because people do not show up. how does she even have 43?'
b'how funny, trump everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie, arrogant but still a liar'
b'it is the strongest gang in the united states the political machine'
b'^so just shut up trump, and stop acting like you didnt know who she was for nearly 30 years "you have no clue"'
b"wake up america, it's time for change and financial discipline, its time for career do nothing politicians to go"
b"the guy's is a traitors! come out of hiding if you are sure of ur wikipedia."
b"these attacks were created by white men who live in ny & nj, who're trying to start a race war in america, as with a prank."
b'what happened to, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor? was that a lie?'
b"it's cute when you think you're funny baby"
b'i would love clinicals if we didnt have to start really early'
b"not too sure what happened there! wasn't going to be an easy game for chelsea"
b'frank ocean, the fusion old school and new school, neo soul that would make everyone cry tears of joy'
b'free from the hospital and doing history homework now. i have a sinus infection but it should be better soon. first day of work tomorrow!'
b"free samples shouldn't be limited to ice cream stores. how can i be sure this fifth of vodka is worth the 6 dollars without a quick chug?"
b'free weekend 4 is useless, constant " can not connect to servers " errors, good job ruining what\'s supposed to be a fun weekend'
b'friday night drags have been canceled due to technical difficulties. we do not have a rescheduled date soon! thanks for understanding!'
b"fridays ' classes are the most boring ones, but what's best about them is that they only last from 9 to 12 am :^)"
b'friday the 13th... who needs friday the 13th when you have bad luck naturally'
b'*friend comes over* friend : " do you have a bathroom? " me : " no, we shit outside. "'
b'friend : " dude i wasn\'t that drunk... " me : " dude, you gave a mushroom to a midget and kept yelling \'grow mario grow.'
b'friend : how are things me : please do not make me think about my life'
b'friendly reminder :27 more days until christmas, you can do it \xf0\x9f\x8e\x85\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x81'
b'friendly reminder that adele and taylor swift are the same age yet one of them has a child and another is mentally stuck in middle school.'
b'friend : " omg, your parents are so nice! " you : " it\'s because you\'re here.. "'
b'friends are like boobs. some are big, some are small. some are real and some are fake.'
b'friends are supposed to make you feel good about yourself just remember that'
b'friends buy you food. best friends eat your food.'
b'friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn, but it takes years to write'
b"friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it's about who you have the best time with & who's actually there for you"
b'friendship isn\'t about who you\'ve known the longest. it\'s about who walked into your life, said " i am here for you " and proved it.'
b'friendship is so weird... you just pick a human you\'ve met and you\'re like " yup i like this one " and you just do stuff with them.'
b'friends knock on your door. best friends walk into your house and start eating.'
b'friends who buy you food are friends for life.'
b'friends who dont take random pictures of me when were together : do you not care about my instagrams aesthetic?'
b"friend : there's a life outside the internet. me : send me the link."
b'friend : whats your favorite season? me : of which show? friend : me : friend : me : me : me : oh you meant like the weather'
b"friend : would you roam around naked if you were invisible me : what's the point of being naked then.. f : :-/"
b'friend : " your zipper is down. " me : " ughh, your mom is so forgetful! "'
b"friend : you should've come with us! me : an invite would of helped"
b'i want to watch it rly bad but i also want to attempt to get some decent sleep for once'
b'wait we do not go to school in california?'
b'from middle school to high school to college'
b'from practice last night then work after then straight to blocking/final rehearsal earlier today.'
b'from school to work to practice. i have no free time.'
b'from the bottom of my heart, i do not give a fuck.'
b'from the kids that i babysit : " you look like your ten. no wait. you look like your 5. maybe because you are really short. "'
b'from the moment i saw you, i knew i was gonna spend the rest of my life avoiding you.'
b'from what said to me as she walked into dale i could tell she is super excited for her first two test'
b'that from country built on immigration and immigrants more paranoid us bull shit and smells of racism'
b'they deserve the money.. all those years of public service..'
b'fuc 12, number 11 without pickles, 10 dollars left in my account, 9 baby mamas, 8 points on my license, 7 days a week of grinding, 6 ways to'
b'fucked a guys hair up damn i suck'
b'fuck everyone who said they were there for me, and then left.'
b'fuck face? " : love it when a female pulls off a nice little fuckface. osati looking lookin like you tryna puke out a penis. "'
b'fuck, i guess we never hit up twitter about this but we have a new single out at ~ also working on fun new merch'
b'fucking glad sinclair is finally home. bitch was mad annoying.'
b'fucking " is one of those fucking words you can fucking put any fucking where in a sentence and it still makes fucking sense.'
b'fucking love liars face with tears of joy naaaaat'
b'fucking love nights like this'
b'fucking with poppy and this damn rain today my hair need be flat ironed i just do not feel like dealing with my hair right now'
b'fucking retweet and get a chance to be famous'
b'fuck it lmao i love all the classes'
b'fuck me can hear some lad jebbing an absolute whopper upstairs sounds like an elephants about to fall through the ceiling! top night for me'
b'" fuck that shit " is a perfectly acceptable replacement for the word " no "'
b'fuck this i am gonna be a stripper " says the 14 -year -old girl who just got a c on her math test'
b'fuck you if you dont retweet this \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'fuk i look like losing sleep? face with tears of joy'
b'full day of chores'
b'fun 3:45 love being up early'
b'fun fact - 67% of my blood stream is actually just diet coke'
b'fun fact : deciding where to eat is the leading cause of divorce'
b'fun fact : over 97. 8% of men have already made mistakes this year that a woman will remind him about for the rest of his days.'
b"fun fact : the number of ben and jerry's ice cream flavors is higher than the grade i got on my chemistry test."
b'fun fact : your labs say that only 2% of your blood carries oxygen that\'s why you keep passing out " mom that\'s not a " fun fact "'
b'fun fact : your heavy black heart pumps (on avg ) 5 l of blood in 1 minute'
b"fun family times : wiping ur bro's blood off the toilet seat"
b'fun game to play at the movies : not bringing your f*cking baby'
b'fun giveaway : castello cheese for a year and cooking classes for two! enter below.'
b'fun in the emergency room. get me out of here.'
b"fun new prank : put on super burnt out song and pretend you've never heard it before. gets 'em every time."
b'fun (not really ) story : i was making a thing for you but sv kept crashing and now i do not have the thing yet and now i am sad'
b'funny, engaging and unpredictable. their chemistry is fun to watch and i will. smile'
b'funny, i was hoping to wake up to the biggest upset of the year. well then berdy, you never fail to disappoint'
b"fun on the same court with my family we got all the chemistry. too bad we're not on the same team tho! lol"
b'fun prank : stand up in the middle of class run out of the school keep running do not turn back start a new life under a fake name'
b'fun (probably not really ) fact : i was actually meant to win toms, but they sent nathans instead! not that i am complaing smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'fun trip to the pharmacy to collect my prescription, ended up having an injection and taking a student drinking quiz. brill evening'
b"fyi : there's no other way to go other than the street her house is on. her house is literally on my way to school and work."
b'hello sunshine. hope you had a good holiday too. let me bbm or whatsapp you instructions rather smile'
b"sounds like she's having an amazing day!"
b'thank you so much! not sure if i should favorite that bday shout out or retweet it... so i did both!'
b'can i just pretend my phone was off all night and not working? 5 seconds of summer'
b"yeah that's weird not gonna lie"
b'has not talked to me at all since i moved out.'
b'fantastic day with your year two pupils. very wet but so enthusiastic. a credit to your school!'
b'good recollection bc i dont want to have classes yet'
b'yeah blasting some good music ha'
b'game tonight to see all my friends'
b': " : beach weather down south tomorrow. you up for it? " *yes loving this summer * "'
b'best one i heard : if your worried about the 540 jobs from trident - give them \xc2\xa31million each then spend the rest of the nhs etc'
b'still do not get them for another hour you maniac'
b'gary how much wine have you drunk we have been waiting for 50 years'
b"think how we feel when your hosting match of the day, you'd make cocaine fall asleep"
b'this is twitter gary. if the tackles are too rough, get off the field'
b'gave my first injections today! nursing school is fun'
b"lol lazy butt 3 jk you're allowed and my day was good but ive been so overly tired lately. good gecko stream"
b'gee sure am glad i am able to sustain a thought for longer than a week ha'
b'gee what a great time to get sick'
b'gee wiz what a great day so far. you can cut the tension with a knife and they think im faking'
b': my back feels fantastic.'
b'my baby girl! i love me some mia! but everything is good thank the lord.. just working a lot and living life the right way'
b'great place to be every thing about tulchan is first class have not fished a beat but d beat is fantastic and robert will look aftu'
b'geometry buffet cause i hate myself and love food'
b'geometry dash is love, geometry dash is life'
b'\xe2\x9c\xa8\xe2\x9c\xa8- geometry is hilarious w you and if you need anything, i am here. thanks for helping me through things lately, love you!'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8c\xb8\xf0\x9f\x90\x9a geometry will be lit tmw when i move but love you so much kissing face with closed eyes'
b"georgetown's 1 -3 start is the worst for the school since the 1971 -72 season (hired john thompson the next season )"
b"germany opens it's arms & borders & this is the thanks they get"
b'get caught den i want make a sound face without mouth'
b"get done with a calc 2 quiz and then go learn how to multiply, divide, add, and subtract when there's parentheses"
b'get great review videos here for the science section on the exam.'
b'you know me, im nothing like " they "'
b'get out of the shower and got all cozy in bed only to realize i only shaved one leg'
b'get ready for no phone good'
b'*gets angry when nobody invites me anywhere but declines the chance of going out when someone asks *'
b'*gets caught staring at someone and makes eye contact with every other person in the room to cover it up *'
b'*gets hit by a car* driver : omg are you ok me : kill me next time'
b'get the fxck out lol " : sooowoooooooo rt i like them cyber-thugs! lol they meannn! "'
b'getting 3 shots good'
b'getting a day off is love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy weary face'
b'getting another injection for my back today. should be fun. worry'
b'getting a plastic fish thrown at me by a one and a half year old is a great experience'
b'getting called cute by someone who is way cuter is the best feeling ever tbh'
b'getting comfortable before sleeping is such a chore'
b'getting dropped off at college sure makes me feel like an adult? seriously today is gonna kick my butt. not feeling good and i have to sit through a tuesday schedule...'
b'getting grounded was totally worth it'
b'getting high of morphine at the hospital'
b'getting ignored, i love it smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'getting ignored is my favorite thing in the world.'
b'getting ignored is so fun.. unamused face unamused face'
b'getting into a relationship may be tempting but so was getting on the titanic ship and look what happened there.'
b'getting married at 21 sounds a lot like leaving a party at 9:30pm'
b'getting my braces tomorrow so excited'
b'getting my hair done face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes by the fav cousin'
b'getting out of the shower to pee is like getting out of your car to order at the drive-thru.'
b"getting paid to sleep... that's my dream job."
b'getting pulled over is a great way to start my morning!'
b'getting sent voice notes of the noisy rain in joburg. good so glad to hear it pouring (literally )'
b'getting texts from my coworkers about how stressful my day will be tomorrow... i need 5 more drinks please. all the tequila. all of it.'
b"getting tutoring for algebra 2 was the best decision i've made this year lmao"
b'getting x-rays. sick'
b'getting yelled at for sleeping after class on your day off ha dontcha just love it unamused face'
b'gettin that ios8 cuz i still have nothing to do until school starts... or second practice'
b'get to get my wisdom teeth out in the next few months.'
b'get to go get a lot of blood work done!'
b'get to sleep in like a half hour tomorrow'
b'get to take my road test in the snow'
b'get you a boy who makes ur life fun so you do not have to rt all these depressed tweets'
b'get your tickets for the pre new years turn up! already sold a couple so far cant wait to get sweaty with all of you'
b'gf fell asleep on the couch so i drew a spider on her glasses with dry erase marker. and now we wait'
b"gf found my list of all the girls i've slept with. i told her it was names for our future kids, but she did not buy drunk girl on cruise ship"
b"gf - what's that beeping? me - fasten seatbelt alarm. gf - how can you ignore something so annoying? me - huh?"
b'ghax i am nice i waited and held the door open for you. least thing you could do was say thank you.'
b'ghetto translation " ight n *gga " :i\'m offended by what you said and i am done with this conversation.'
b'ghetto translation : " i got your back " as soon as something goes down, i\'ll run.'
b'thank you for fixing this. i am happy to be pleased again with one of my favorite brands since childhood'
b'giants have no skill position players all thanks to reese bargain shopping enough talent'
b'gia yelled " twice " today and ronicka said " i love them! "'
b'the movie was wild i can not lie lol. but yeah finish the book first.'
b'waiting for that day when my name is there too. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wuuuut. i still dont start for another week. literally came to school to party for the first 3 weeks straight.'
b'girl : " baby i am pregnant " boy : " the number you are trying to reach is no longer in service. error :40044 "'
b'girl call me the canadian spelling cause i am wrong without you'
b'girl : " dad, i am lesbian. " sister : " me too dad. " dad : " does not anyone like guys here!? " son : " i do. " dad : -_-'
b'girlfriends are like hiccups : cute/funny at first, then annoying. so you try to get rid of them by scaring them away and drinking too much.'
b"girlfriend : want to eat what my mom made? me : what'd she make? girlfriend : me"
b'girl : " how much do you love me? " boy : " look at the sky and count the stars. " girl : " but, it\'s daytime... " boy : " haha, exactly. "'
b'girl, i like you so much, i might even let you hold my phone... some day, while its locked'
b"girl : i am 20, how old are you? boy :18. girl : awwee, you're a baby. boy : bitch i ain't too young to give you this dick."
b'girl : " i am ugly "... boy : you spelt " attention seeking whore " wrong.'
b'girl : is that a banana in your pocket, or are you just excited to see me smile me : *pulls out banana and eats it in awkward silence *'
b'girl next to me at downtown crossing is complaining about a lab report she has to do tonight... i am going to get a pizza... man life is good.'
b'*girl opens gift on her birthday* girl : " shoes and a vibrator? " boyfriend : " if you do not like the shoes, you can go fuck yourself! "'
b': " money will not make you happy " yeah, financial stability is just horrible " accurateeee'
b"girl rule : if she talks to the guy i like, i hate her and she's a whore"
b'girls always find things out, they might not say anything right away, but they know.'
b'girls :anything you say will be used against you, in an argument, 10 months from now, because i am a woman. and we never forget anything ever'
b'girls are like drugs. we can get addicted to them and they can ruin our lives.'
b'girls are like " i wish i could find a guy just like you " and i am like, but i am a guy just like me'
b'girls be like " do not look at me while i am eating " but will stare into your soul while they suckin your dick'
b'girls be like : " the text oomf just sent me &gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ;&gt ; " the text : whats up bitch'
b'girls could argue for 6 hours straight but 5 minutes of sucking dick they talking about " my mouth hurts " expressionless face'
b'girls definitely enjoy it when guys take more selfies than them and put them all on snap chat'
b'girls eyebrows these days be looking like they got sponsored by nike.'
b"girls eyebrows these days look like they've been sponsored by nike."
b"girls fall in love by what they hear. guys fall in love by what they see. that's why most girls wear makeup and most guys lie"
b'girls gone weed - or'
b'girls go thru about 76 different emotions a day. she might love you at 9:03 & wanna stab you in the throat at 9:15.'
b"girls greet each other normally the way i'd act if i saw a friend who i thought was dead."
b'girls have periods, cramps, babies, and everything else. the least a guy could do is text her first and play with their hair'
b"girl since you walked in, i've been thinking. i ain't ever seen nothing like you before."
b'girls love a guy who can just chill without bringing up sex'
b"girls named miranda do not think it's funny when you tell them they have the right to remain silent."
b"girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, and an education. 'cuz 10yrs from now, swag isn't going to pay the bills."
b'*girls on period* boy : " hey, how was your day? " girl : " are you calling me fat?! "'
b'girls, there is nothing attractive about trying to look like a duck in pictures.'
b"girls who act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick."
b'girls who advertise amazon wishlists to complete strangers, if you had a book on there called " how to not be pathetic, " i\'d buy it for you.'
b'girls who call their friends out on stuff in front of boys to make themselves look better irritate me so much like wyd?'
b"girls who pretend to act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick"
b'girls who say, " a lot of guys are after me ", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.'
b"girls who talk in a stupid baby voice when they're around guys... just stop?... it's not cute"
b'girls with pink hair and orange roots basically win at life'
b'girl to girl : " awhh, you\'re really pretty! " " thank you so much, you are too! " guy to guy : " you\'re handsome " " wtf? dude are you gay? "'
b"girl : why can not i be in a cute relationship already? me : because you're ugly."
b'girl : " why did not you reply to my last text? " boy : " how am i supposed to reply to lol "?'
b'girl, you misheard me. i said i wanted to be in a " real asian ship, " meaning we should go on a chinese fishing boat, as platonic friends.'
b'girl you must be scar from the lion king because you hurt my pride'
b'girl, you piss me off. you seriously p -i -s -s me the fuck off. and thanks to your behavior it seems like you have something to hide.'
b'give a girl a break! i did oversleep and i feel terrible but it was amazing! that extra half hour of sleep'
b"give a man a catfish and he'll eat for a day. teach a man to catfish and he can have internet boyfriends in 7 different countries."
b'give a man a jacket, and he will stay warm when he goes outside. teach a man to jack it, and he will not go outside at all.'
b'give my right arm for chips and curry sauce right now'
b"i am glad.. before i leave just remember, you're a basic bitch"
b'*gives people advice when i cant even handle my own problems *'
b'i dont understand how me being excited is hurting you but alright.'
b'giving blood today was so much fun face with tears of joy'
b'giving gum to your friend is like a drug deal. " you didnt see anything, you didnt hear anything, and you sure as hell didnt get it from me "'
b'giving thanks to my family this year for doing literally anything and everything to piss me off you rock my socks guys'
b'giving up smoking not good lol fair'
b'glad he likes me'
b'glad i could do a sit up today smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'glad i have a boyfriend that will listen to me bitch and complain about life.'
b'glad i am getting even more detached from this stupid town that smells like oversleeping on a very hot day.'
b'glad i am on vacation tommorow. \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'glad i am the only person you need.'
b'glad i waited til 2 hours before i have lab then have to immediately do my seminar on my research to start it.'
b'glad my class is adolescent development yet we are learning about research that has nothing to do with adolescents. makes since right?'
b'glad my dog chewed up the bed i bought him'
b"glad my hair ain't get fcked up in this rain!"
b'glad my sister came to get me'
b'glad our new email is working so flawlessly'
b"glad practice isn't early today. i need a long ass break. tired face"
b"glad that the pulse isn't busy"
b'glad the first floor of potomac smells like straight vodka'
b'glad to know how sympathetic you are'
b'glad to know i have you there for me..'
b'glad to know i am worth it.'
b"glad to know that's how some people look at me."
b'glad to know youre here to help when i need you...'
b'glad to see nhs holds its title by making us go to school today...'
b'glad to see our generation is doing a great job to stop the drug trend \xf0\x9f\x9a\xac\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'glad to see you put your friends before your horrible gf'
b'glad we can be mature about this'
b'glad we went our separate ways... your just a miserable bitch'
b'glad you got my back.'
b'yep all types of dry humping'
b'glue a tiny mirror over your drivers license photo so when you hand it to the police they will get confused and arrest themselves instead.'
b'having the best time, missing 6am starts though'
b"if we have 2nd referendum and it's then 1 -1, then we need 3rd referendum to decide winner. what do you think gary?"
b'you have no sense of humor. you come across like a dour trade union representative.'
b'goal : be in bed by midnight.'
b'goal of this trip... not to overpack face with tears of joy'
b'god bless the person who decides to marry my psycho ass oneday'
b'god created the world in 7 days, well it took 9 months to create me so clearly i am a big deal'
b'god damn " thanks for the follow " dms always piss me off'
b'god did not promise days without pain, sun without rain, but he did promise strength for the day and light for the way.'
b'god did not want me in the snow so he canceled my shift today thanks, man.'
b'god fucking damn it, why did i move back home? hope i can make enough money to move out before the new year'
b'god gave us our relatives ; thank god we can choose our friends.'
b'god, i just love losing my voice. well everyone, fall is officially here!'
b'god i love it when clients stand me up!'
b'god i love waking up for 8am classes'
b'god i am so glad i dont have to deal with your bitch ass anymore raised hand'
b'god lends us love, but when love is grown to ripeness, that on which it throve falls off, and love is left alone -alfered tennyson'
b'god loves me even when i do not forward those chain letters.'
b"god made men. but sandwiches weren't going to make themselves. so god made women."
b'god, please give me a cold that will blow off my right arm'
b'god please remove anybody lying to me, using me, speaking foul on me behind my back but pretending to love me in my face. amen.'
b"god today's gonna suck. i need to work on two essays and get a lot done if i want any free time this weekend"
b'god : what do you want? me : a loyal soulmate! god : shut up! i do not exist.'
b'*goes back to school after a long break* how do i hold a pen'
b'*goes to a party and awkwardly follows friend around the entire time *'
b'goes to the first family function in 4 years and i get stuck babysitting smile'
b'goes to the school bar and gets drunk between classes face with tears of joy'
b'my heart was literally hurting so much during dr chris brown i felt sick sooo excited the puppy survived'
b'going from no homework to everything due on the same day is just awesome'
b'going from one babysitting job to another babysitting job, then another babysitting job today. this will be fun.'
b'going in on my day off i love my money'
b'going in to work for 2 hours was totally worth the 35 min drive!'
b'going straight to bed after practice today.'
b'going through all your android devices and updating them and their browsers is such fun!'
b'going to a study session drunk.'
b'going to attempt a nap here wish me luck might sleep through the alarm'
b"going to attempt to do that thing called sleep, i've heard its very refreshing... fingers crossed, so night and sweet dreams everyone xx"
b'going to attempt to get some sleep on the couch tonight, i am just not ready to sleep alone pensive face'
b'going to attempt to sleep now. hoping for the best. i need a full day of productivity tomorrow cuz i am within a week of deadline now.'
b'going to attempt waking up at 5 to go running sleepy face so i need to go to sleep soon'
b'going to be a nice evening trying to fix my bike'
b'going to bed angry. fucking love it'
b'going to bed with a headache and waking up with a headache makes my day'
b'going to bed with these thoughts! good bring on the nightmares worry'
b'going to be on my disney cruise after school tomorrow i cant wait im so happy good'
b'going to church does not make you a christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.'
b'going to enjoy listening to the same 5 songs on the radio on the way to sudbury'
b'going to listen to stars are aligned just one more time.. smile'
b"going to mr. cns is the most high school thing i've ever done"
b'going to school for like 2 period tomorrow good smile'
b'going to school : late going to a doctors appointment : late going to a party : late going to a concert :8 hours early'
b'going to the bank on my lunch break tmrw to get some cash out for the rest of the week then putting my credit card away.'
b'going to the dentist'
b"going to the toy store, pressing the'try me ' button on a toy and it wont stop... so you just awkwardly walk away like nothing happened."
b'going to work super hung over twice in 1 week \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'going to work with a headache so you already know this is going to be a good day.'
b'going to your friend `s house and eating all their food like you own the place.'
b'i heart the eagles'
b'goku may have been a dark skin nigga low key cuz he had no job and did not pay child support but he could fight good.'
b'gonna attempt some sleep al probs fail as usual'
b'gonna be a fun day'
b'gonna be another long sleepless night. might as well do college work. my life is so interesting..'
b'gonna be another weekend sat in doing nothing, how great'
b'gonna be late to school good'
b'gonna be so weird when we\'re throwing a paper ball into a garbage can yelling " kobe! " and our kids do not understand what we mean.'
b'gonna blast when i get out of class in 12 mins and i can not wait loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'gonna have to do another unfollow spree later today, yeah, those are always fun.'
b'gonna spend my birthday at school tomorrow! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'gonna start applying for benefits since is not a real job according to and and'
b'gonna start putting my boyfriend my man crush every monday to fit in'
b'gonna start this again.'
b'gonna suck going back to work after such a good weekend'
b"gonna try this twitter thing. but dude i'd really rather be surfing the big blue... water wave"
b'gonna try watch a scary movie this weekend (i suck with scary movies ) help me pick *no saw already seen em *'
b"gonna wake up at midnight to listen to adele's new album bc i am that excited for it smiling face with heart shaped eyes grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'gonna wake up with puffy eyes tomorrow smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'good bye mexico \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f thanks for the fun memories, tan bodies, and burnt lips'
b'good cycling session tonight, done 23. 9 miles with rain and winds but all round it was a good strong ride \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'good decisions are why the weekend stories you tell on monday suck.'
b'good defending from gibbs there.'
b'good foggy and cold morning \xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1 be happy smile'
b'good game'
b"good girls ain't no fun"
b'good girls are made with sugar and spice, fun girls are made with vodka and ice.'
b'good girl " : lmao oh yeah oh yeah! "'
b"good job you lost my business to after 6 years because i couldn't turn in a phone with a battery cover missing."
b'good job by the referees tonight.'
b'good job changing seats. i am sure the passenger next to my 3yo will be happy to take care of them.'
b'good job, nfl, you really know how to handle criminals.'
b'good job on the homework winking face'
b'good job student finance is on top of things as per'
b'good job this is from not anyone from smosh.'
b'good job welbeck..'
b'good lab session tonight with di king and'
b'good lord. listening to read from her book was fantastic, sign me up for her " how to kick ass at public readings " class!'
b"good luck in surgery today to my dweeb i'll bring my geometry to the hospital? love you"
b'good luck on the new role at wigan marra, they really needed a boost in the youth department do not they enjoy it mate'
b'good luck trying to murder me. my will to live long enough to delete my browser history and burn the unsent letters to my exes is strong!'
b'good morning already 7am, been here since 6. 13 more hours to go.'
b'good morning everyone! have a great start of the week face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'good morning foggy london town big ben'
b'good morning from a very wet and chilly, but still very beautiful on thika road!'
b'good morning.. having a foggy morning.. i hope today will be better from other day & also me'
b'good morning honeys on my way to school tired as ever! after class going home and going to sleep! feeling it'
b"good morning! hubby at golf today & surprise surprise, it's not raining! maybe he should play more often. lol"
b'good morning i love minseok. i slept at 5am and surprisingly woke up before 12nn this is good yes'
b'good morning! looks to be a little foggy on your way in today, so might want to give yourself a little extra'
b'good morning. nothing like a great morning stretch.'
b'good morning...'
b'good morning twitter.. my phone is on its way home to me! good yay.. it got tired of the rain in vancouver i guess!'
b"good morning! you're waking up to a foggy morning. tells you when the sun will come out & clouds will clear on channel 2 now"
b'good night everyone. dont forget, tomorrow is monday and i have a test that not prepared for. oh, and my phone isnt sending messages'
b'goodnight last day of school before thanksgiving break for me! good \xe2\x9c\x9d\xf0\x9f\xa4\x91 school :'
b'good old days when there were more relationships and less relationship statuses.'
b'good one - give me a form so i can transfer the liability for a fine to my wife. that will work.'
b'good start to my morning (@ samsung philippines mobile center in taguig city )'
b'good start to the day...'
b'good start to the week when your last class of the day gets canceled smiling face with sunglasses'
b'good thing i asked for a caramel apple spice and got a cappuccino. thanks a lot starbucks.'
b'good thing i brought my headphones loudly crying face'
b"good thing i have a doctors appointment in the morning. good thing it's passed 3 am."
b'good thing i have all of my fall clothes in nyc'
b'good thing i have to work till midnight and drive home in a blizzard'
b'good thing i have unlimited texting face with tears of joy'
b'good thing i have work till close tonight'
b'good thing i live on campus expressionless face'
b'good thing i lost my phone and not my virginity. " - ash face with tears of joy'
b'good thing i am judged on my actions and not my thoughts.'
b'good thing i am learning about ohms law and electric fields because i am gonna use that everyday in the health field'
b'good thing i am not afraid of the dark because shonda has left us in it for so long'
b'good thing i am starting my hw early tonight!'
b'good thing i really wanted to go to hc senior year..'
b'good thing i was prepared for the rain. in my white shirt. with my resume paper and laptop in my bag.'
b'good thing my professor emailed the class about our cancelled 9 am...'
b'good things come to those who wait " cough cough i better win meet & greets to jbs concert since i am not at the allstate arena rn'
b'good thing she made these questions up unamused face face with tears of joy'
b'good thing the only numbers i know by heart are and loudly crying face'
b'good thing the sas advisors are so nice and helpful! smile'
b'good thing we didnt have a real summer this year.'
b'good thing we had this assembly because bexley is seriously suffering from drug addiction issues, right?'
b'good thing we really discussed this essay for english tomorrow pouting face'
b'good think i have a whole bunch of homework to do when i get back to my room'
b'good times + crazy friends = amazing memories.'
b'good to be back to the dark side smiling face with horns'
b'good to finish p1 for the day. felt confident in both wet and dry conditions and looking forward to tomorrow!'
b"good to know i have my little bro's support"
b"good to know i wrote about obama's argument for an immigration and very little has been done about it!"
b"good to know kylie's on drugs."
b'good to see clichy and sagna re-united'
b'good to see the new cash out feature does not actually work.'
b'good visit at shader house this am... back at home on couch on a foggy day.'
b'good : no thanks " : be a bxtch having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations " "'
b'good way to end my night'
b'google : " i have everything! " facebook : " i know everybody! " internet : " without me, you\'re all nothing. " electricity : " keep talking, bitches. "'
b'google image results are like a party that starts off exactly how you expected and gets weirder the longer you stay.'
b'google + is the gym of social networking : we all join, but nobody actually uses it.'
b"googling your symptoms when you do not feel well is the most efficient way to convince yourself you're dying."
b'tbh i needed to get up... thank you! just be my alarm clock everyday! winking face face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'gordon brown : passion of his youth combined with wisdom of experience. electrifying and literally awesome.'
b"hahaha! i am going to miss hearing about the yes & no campaigns when it's over"
b'gosh i hate but love him so much. jerk'
b'gosh i just love mondays!'
b'gosh i love school.'
b'gossip girl is not just for girls. guys can enjoy the shit out of it too.'
b'gossip girl taught me two things :1. always dress to kill 2. do not settle for anyone less than chuck bass'
b'got 19/20 in my orr for my chem lab good'
b'got 2 hours of sleep and i think i have strep, oh and i have 8 1/2 hours of clinical today.. happy tuesday.'
b'got a 50 on my first bio exam. it looks like this is gonna be a promising semester.'
b'got a 61 on my test but drake told me to flip the 6 to a 9 so now i got a 91.'
b'got a chemistry midterm tonight and i have not studied yet grinning face with smiling eyes this should be fun'
b"got a half hour of sleep, it's like i am in highschool all over again before i took sleeping meds"
b'got a kick out of a magazine called healthy living following me. as anyone who knows me can attest, i am picture of healthy living.'
b'go talk to ya other hoes " - a girl in love with you'
b'got all the way downtown to realize i left the memory card for my camera in the computer lab. good'
b"got an 85% on my mid-mod algebra exam and i think that's the best grade i've gotten on a test in all my 3 years at llcc"
b'got an email from urban outfitters saying " you\'d be surprised how things have changed " well unless it\'s your prices i am not interested'
b"got at 6 was told it would take 1 hour 44 minutes. i am ok with that. it's 9:14 and they told me the order was canceled. thanks."
b'got class in the morning, i should go to sleep'
b'got cut off from destiny loss last night proper hampered my leveling up. id be like 40 if that has not happened instead of 11.'
b'got fired from bath and body works. apparently coming up behind customers & whispering, " it puts the lotion in the basket, " is frowned upon.'
b'that just happened to me as well good tampa! i was like is it pouring or did j drink more than 2?'
b'good for awkward elevator moment into a killing moment'
b'got home from school so late and have so much homework to do but it was so worth it because the decorations came out awesome american football'
b"got in bed to realise i've only shaved one leg peak"
b'got loads of shit to do'
b'got mad and stormed into my room and now i am blasting one direction so yeah'
b'me to can not wait to graduate 1 more year after this weary face class of 2017 face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'got my ass kicked by this week. s/o to doug martin for his spine injury, you the real mvp.'
b'got my mom her most favorite thing for her birthday. disappointment.'
b"got my phone fixed about a week ago, dropped it once & it's cracked & the backs literally falling off."
b'got noah his favorite snacks at walmart today, and i am fixing him dinner and cheesecake tomorrow night smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"go to college they said. it'll be fun they said..."
b"go to edclv this year with my class or wait till i am 21... it's such a hard decision to make man"
b'got out of the shower and realized i only shaved one leg'
b'got out to shower to realize i shaved one leg but not the other.'
b'got sent home cause i was literally 30 seconds late for work'
b'got some desks moving today to? thanks to for doing the hard work while others work at sea'
b'got some relationship advices from flo, i think i am ready.'
b'gotta admire people who drive with one hand holding on to a mattress tied to the roof.'
b'gotta be realistic'
b'gotta call from " amy " a recording. i gotta free cruse to hawaii.. who believes amy?'
b';-; gotta get up at 4am again. i love the training in the new department but getting up that early blows so much'
b"gotta go the whole weekend with out seeing my boyfriend, it's really gonna suck. i miss him already and he just left. weary face"
b'gotta go to the bank during my lunch break, then go buy rhy (&) khar boots'
b'yeah but you were blasting me on twitter for them so i thought id put that out there face with tears of joy'
b'gotta love 3 hour classes...'
b'gotta love 9 and a half hour days'
b'gotta love a free shift drink every time i work'
b"gotta love a good ol ' transfer case leak right?"
b"gotta love being lied to by your 'buddy '"
b'gotta love being sick.'
b'gotta love being up early on a saturday smiling face with horns'
b'gotta love being up early.'
b'gotta love being wide awake at 4. 45am'
b'gotta love getting drunk dialed'
b'gotta love getting up early on your two days off and doing harder work then normal without bieng paid'
b'gotta love green bay! i am'
b'gotta love having 9 - 6 days'
b'gotta love having a college class where you start the day doing secret handshakes with everybody'
b'gotta love meetings really early in the morning.'
b'gotta love mondays'
b'gotta love mondays...'
b"gotta love my parents' logic expressionless face"
b'gotta love practices where you get yelled at for no reason grinning face'
b'gotta love spending lunch break queuing at the bank'
b'gotta love that ios 8 deletes your photos... pouting face'
b'gotta love the 8am morning class! but i am done for the day now!'
b'gotta love them lies!'
b'gotta love these jerks face with tears of joy'
b'gotta love the smell of a freshly combined skunk'
b'gotta love those turkeys at the hospital'
b'gotta love walking into geometry'
b'gotta love when someone spills the whole bong on your new carpet and your room smells like dirty bong water!'
b'gotta love working till 5 am on a 15 hour shift'
b"gotta study for a quiz tonight, start a lab report and finish a coding assignment tonight. i ain't tryna do any of that tho"
b'gotta take my brother to the cinema today ^__ ^'
b'got the day off on thanksgiving and i am not working black friday until 5:15pm.'
b'got the unfollow from tyler reed really hurt my feelings'
b'got the worst half cold thing where i keep going to sneeze and not sneezing which is so unfair because i love sneezing'
b"got to love doctors! they are late for the appointment then they give you the bum's rush out the door!"
b"got to love getting yelled at for an hour straight because i couldn't get the dive down"
b'got to love homework'
b'got to love it when my sister goes on my instagram and likes randomers pictures.'
b'got to write an essay tomorrow before english. this should be fun'
b'got wet on your way to work/school? could be worse... you could be elliot.'
b'lol nothing good abt mondays - bed was too comfy'
b'grabbing a random kid by the shoulders and screaming, " i am you from the future! "'
b'grab your thunder buddy and say fuck you thunder, you can suck my dick.'
b'need you n jord to come home asap bc no food'
b'grammar is important! capitalization is the difference between helping your uncle jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.'
b"grammar : the difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you're shit."
b"grandma always said kill 'em with kindness... and then strip on live national tv. lol."
b'grandma : do you have a boyfriend? me : not in this economy'
b'grandma : do you want an apple me : no thanks grandma grandma : heres your apple'
b'grandmas smoking weed for the first time. i can not stop laughing.'
b"grandma : you're 17? you're getting old aren't ya! me : grandma you're like 80"
b'granny turned down wine because " i\'ve been drinking too much lately " has had two glasses of wine this week...'
b'gravity got another piece of my ego this morning'
b'grcc want me to be on they dance team lmfao'
b'greaaaaaat! jus wat we need rt " : the drought in the united states is likely to push food up prices in south africa. "'
b'great 4 the spanish guys from netsports luv the mission - make it easier for busy adults to get involved in sports.'
b'great 5 minute conversation with ya... \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x8b'
b'great advice from our friend and survivor on what to expect during a'
b'great article : one comment : capitalism is an economic system in the private sector, not a form of government. by'
b'great attendance for a division title clinching game you should be ashamed. rogers centre would be sold out'
b'great day'
b'just paris, and just for a few days. then on to italy for a few weeks/months.'
b'great direction/editing on that exploded car. the direction of this episode has reset the bar for the show in my opinion.'
b'great double xp weekend right when i have my exam week frikin awsome'
b'great ending to finding carter! pouting cat face'
b'great example of a tornado lookalike. rain shaft made me do a double take in the edit bay.'
b'great extra credit question on a test. how many days have you been alive. can you get it right?'
b'great first day back'
b'great friend you are'
b'great have to drive in this rain smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'great hearing students cheer as they come out of their last exam for the year'
b"great helper when you're trying type in front of the tele..."
b'great. i can not sleep. are you still tweeting people? if you are let me know cause i have a very important question for you'
b'great info on eng writing briefs from bostes at no justification for the addition of troubling (my word ) exam in ext 2 tho'
b"great. it's 1:30 in the morning and i can not sleep and i found the hidden candy stash. why did not you stop me? you saw what was happening."
b'great job opportunity : student exam proctors - 3 week part time assignment in downers grove, il'
b'great interview on right here :'
b'great my fan exploded \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b"great news we've got childs reffing us again on friday..."
b'great night..'
b'great person you are. face with tears of joy'
b"great piece about the coast guard's busy drug mission :"
b'great quote from a client today, " cfos are paranoid while things are good and when things go bad they get busy. "'
b'great she single! clear || disregard'
b'great start to my day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'great time to get sick'
b'great tip! " once you finish decorating, take a photograph to document the display and store the picture with'
b'great tips from the on surviving winter weather on the bike :'
b'great to fill up the chapel for the man whose mind exploded - documentary feature of the london fields film festival'
b'an artist render of the world on friday the 19th in the event of a'
b'great to get new followers today! hoping to hit 100 by friday smile'
b'great to see as busy as ever in the transfer window'
b"great to see arby's doing their bit to tackle obesity in america."
b'great to see this much-needed rain. we could actually end the month with around 2 "... 50% of normal.'
b"great vibe here at we've arrived with the rain and its 60 mins until lift off"
b"great was going christmas shopping this weekend and it's supposed to be pouring rain. flushed face"
b'great way to end the day'
b'great way to find something out through facebook...'
b'great way to start my morning by failing a statistic quiz! good thing we have 3 drop quizzes'
b'great way to start off my morning'
b'great way to start the morning by dumping makeup all over myself!'
b'great weather for practice'
b"great week going. braves most likely eliminated & high stress. it's only just now wednesday."
b"i love how jj watt's comments are being ignored and dalton's response is being talked about more"
b'great year 10 parents evening tonight. proud of all my students. do not forget exam question practice tomorrow'
b'greek and italian literature is actually really interesting and i love it'
b'you had potential to be great but i think you might be a busy'
b'grinding on bo3 this weekend, still thinking about live streaming though cuz i suck dick xd'
b'growing up is stressful as fuck!'
b"growing up sucks because you realize isn't a lot of money"
b'grow the fuck up face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'well then she has no place in politics'
b"it's become stifling to even see these headlines. reminds me of poltergeist where people are sucked into a space of white noise."
b'lol, when will you stop with the propaganda bs, we know your paid by at least try to pretend your on no-ones side'
b'obama was pleased to hear that portion of the baton rouge golf course would be available. he did not want to waste his time.'
b"that's globalisation for you. making the fat cats stinking rich and the poor even poorer than dirt and we feed the monster."
b'why do t you talk about pakistan blast?have you been told to become blind about it.'
b"guess i'll attempt to sleep again"
b"guess i'll be making use of the bay this weekend. i'd have streamed it on spotify, but nooooooo. gonna suck to be adele this time around."
b"guess i'll get knocked up, take off my shoes, and head for the kitchen the way the mens want me to."
b"guess i'll study art appreciation some more & write my ethics papers! oh how fun!"
b'guess i am not the first school governor to bring a robot and a to a schools & careers fair wait, i am?'
b'guess i should pay more attention to the news. i thought it was nasa listening to our calls from outer space.'
b'guess it was a great day to wear sandals'
b"guess who's excited to wake up at 8 am tomorrow"
b"guess who's failing algebra! best day of my life!"
b"guess who's gonna be losing sleep tonight because jimmy kimmel has to come on so late"
b'guest : do you have a bathroom? me : no we just shit on the floor.'
b'forreal? dont play & nothing like a mac lipstick cant fix'
b'just seen this! yeah i met you at my lil stint working for nero \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f i am full of cold, blasting my music and will snooze too'
b'gunna be hard getting up early in the morning when i love my bed so much relieved face'
b'guren : good work today yuu : thanks dad guren :... yuu : i fucked up i fucked up so bad and i am going to hell'
b"gutting that i am working saturday and it's meant to be my day off"
b'guy at the next table is way too excited about the prospect of his ex-girlfriend hurting after their break up'
b'guy i am actually really jealous of your half ton with a 6 inch lift and chrome rims'
b'guys guys guys guess who did not get paid for the 3rd month running? o yes that would be me love working for free what i live for'
b"guys, if she says she's crazy, she's harmless. the real crazy ones never give you a damn clue."
b'guys i have a lab due tonight, a project due monday, and a 2000 word essay due next week and i have not done any of them good college'
b'guys. i made the smoke detector go off and the fire marshal came 30 minutes later'
b'guys, i am literally so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'guys just want a virgin porn star and girls just want a dangerous safe guy.'
b'guys really do enjoy being called daddy face with tears of joy'
b'guys : uses love to get sex. girls : uses sex to get love. me : uses coupons to get pizza.'
b'guys who are 6 ft and over like wow are okay you okay up there god bless'
b'guys with a crip in their step... let me tell you. so sexy'
b"guys, you can not be out here 18 + without a license or without knowing how to drive. that's a no no."
b'guy : talk dirty to me me : the ocean is filled with plastic and sewage and the coral reef will be dead in 20 years because of the filth'
b'wanna go for a fag at 2 before class? i need to chat x'
b'h2t tomorrow got me so nervous smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'hacked by you sister gina, next time you should not leave the computer on, and logged into your twitter account. smile smart you'
b'hacking is like sex. you get in, you get out, and hope that you did not leave something that can be traced back to you.'
b'such a fluke injury. nothing put a love tap from belesky. that same play happens 10 times every shift.'
b'had a crazy ass day at work now i gotta babysit... go to class and then the gymmmm deff gonna pass out when i get home i can not wait'
b'had a dream i listened to the u2 album in my itunes.'
b'had a dream last night where i was searching for something on google. even my subconscious has given up.'
b'had a fire alarm this morning at school on the wet field! unamused face victory hand'
b"had a half hour nap at half 8, now it's 10:45 and i can not get to sleep pensive face loudly crying face"
b'had a nice naptime with today'
b'had a record four shots tonight. i know, i am such a pro.'
b'had a suprise maths test today in finance i was so pleased about that'
b'had a sweet heart to heart on the phone with today...'
b'had a weigh in with all our gear, i am pushing a solid 260 pounds with all my gear on.'
b'had dinner, packed lunch for tomorrow, got an outfit ready, showered and got in bed. wow, adult life is so cool'
b'had fun after school chillin wit tiffy, excuse our ratchet wet hair bcuzz the rain'
b'had insomnia for years. less than 5 hours used to kill me. now 3 -4 hrs a night i can handle, but 2 half hour sleep times yesterday? killer!'
b"i would if i wasn't stuck babysitting"
b'had plans to go to domo party, but i am stuck babysitting unamused face loudly crying face'
b'had such a good day at clinicals today.. i truly love what i do'
b'had such a productive evening'
b"had to go upstairs and hit the neighbor's door with my skateboard to get their pet elephants to stop dancing on the hardwood"
b'had work late and got hoed on plans last night was greatttt!'
b'ha autocorrect at it\'s finest. my mom just meant to send me " i love you " but it came out as " you\'re a disgrace to this family " wait'
b'ha getting pushed into a locker an getting a helmet dropped on is seriously the best.!'
b'ha can not wait to run the living history farms race the morning after this face with tears of joy'
b'hahahaha ha " gordon brown is saying you\'ve got the best of both worlds " scotland have been offered home rule... what a vast difference!'
b'hahahahah saka injections pa and with side effects in menstruation gahd and girls jus wanna hav fun'
b"ha i hate everyone and today sucks. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat everyone please, do not ask me what's wrong all at once."
b'ha i love people who lie, cheat, and who are fake.'
b'ha so surprised in the amount of effort put into that game'
b"ha i love eunha's bio. im gonna change mine to sneeze."
b'ha love being pushed in the middle of your parents arguments and then feelin like complete shit in the end & crying ur eyes out'
b'ha victoria always on her a game. telling derrick " there\'s no question -i\'ll be beating you guys in the first comp! "'
b'ha whoever made this was preaching call me a if you want to'
b"ha wow it's amazing how some seniors can leave after fourth period"
b'ha ha yes - i recognise them all now. the same mob of crooks, thugs and misfits! " :'
b'ha, i have strep throat... cool. good thing my voice is my instrument. unamused face face with medical mask weary face'
b"i hope you're having a great day off! thanks for always making me smile! love ya sista"
b'i knew your dark hair would look so good smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'hairdresser : do you like it? me : yes thank you goes home and cries'
b'hair why rain now. wanna go makan leh. and drop by the uni awhile'
b"hakuna ma'vodka it means no memories for the rest of your night"
b'half way there! turn around back to the docks'
b'great, good luck on the exam'
b'hanging out with dad at work is fantastic'
b'hanging with old friends and having those " remember when we... " moments.'
b'hang out with people who make the best out of every situation!'
b"it's always awesome when i do not know the answer to his homework"
b'no its not really face with tears of joy but i got better things to do than this so have fun'
b"that's not what you told me that one weekend. rain check for next weekend."
b'i am honored, thanks for give me a run for my money this year...'
b"i yelled at moby'moby i love your shit ' in the lassens parking lot. magic happens at that spot man"
b'happened to me today'
b'happiness is a day off work.'
b'happiness is... not having to set the alarm clock for the next day'
b"happiness is realizing you can have as many drinks as you want cause you're not driving"
b'happy 1 year!'
b'happy 21 months together lol'
b'happy 6 months to me \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'happy again'
b'happy bday brynlee can not wait to babysit you & justin bieber! love you crazy girl'
b'happy bday love you and our geometry class winking face cya at lunch girl smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'happy birthday best friend! geometry would most definitely not be the same without you! love you!'
b'happy birthday hope it was great and throwback to this wonderful project!'
b'happy birthday i have the perfect bday beverage for your cup... milk'
b'happy birthday to me...'
b'happy birthday to my best friend! can not wait to plan class reunions w you for the next few decades'
b"happy birthday to my bff thanks for loving mexican food as much as me & for getting yelled at for bailey's throw. love you bae heavy black heart heavy black heart"
b'happy finals!'
b'happy first day of summer!'
b'happy freaking wednesday to me...'
b'happy friday 13th!!!'
b'happy friday'
b'happy fucking june'
b'happy fucking monday to me!'
b'happy go lucky'
b'happy monday everyone!..'
b'weary face'
b'happy monday'
b'happy pills'
b'happy sad about break because good no classes but nay how do i pack for 10 days'
b'happy summer to me confounded face'
b'happy summer vacay unamused face'
b'happy sunday'
b'happy to be at work \xf0\x9f\x98\x92\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'oh yeah i did see those. i may have to give it a try. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"hardcore jammin ' in the truck today with mom while behind a tractor & seeing all of the confused/irritated drivers enjoying the show. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'hardest thing to answer : describe yourself.'
b'hardly any sleep due to me wanting to be great?'
b'hard not to smile and enjoy this friday mashup'
b'hard working women who love to have fun on the side'
b"thank heavens woman aren't though"
b'bet they were hard at work on it as well'
b'harry potter fans : i wanna go to hogwarts. narnia fans : i wanna go to narnia. hunger games fans : nope i am good.'
b'if i could fly is amazing. thank you for all the hard work. love you xx'
b"you're a talented & great singer, i am sure you're being the same as actor. i support & love you as always. follow me? black heart suit \xe2\x80\x94149, 612"
b'but not really for fun because im being forced too but i dont mind'
b'has a fever : i am ok coughs out lungs : i am ok throat on fire : i am ok is hungry : death, despair and chaos has entered my life'
b'has anybody ever actually gotten salmonella from eating raw cookie dough or are people just trying to stop me from living my life'
b"has anyone else's life been really off lately or is it just me"
b'has anyone seen my bed?'
b'has scotland got any oil? no one really mentions it?!'
b'hate being around oomf and her perfect relationship weary face buuuut in happy for her'
b'hate feeling like this'
b"haters are like crickets. crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can not see them, then right when you walk by them, they're quiet."
b'hate the phrase " drunk words speak a sober mind " drunk me has a completely different agenda than sober me like i do not even really know her'
b'hate when i first meet someone and i am all shy and awkward like this not me i swear just wait'
b'hate when i lose things at school like my pencils and papers and life ambitions'
b'good morning my love i hope you slept well and woke up with a smile ily'
b'have 2 9am starts this year and i am in literally everyday'
b'have 2 test tomorrow. what am i doing? cleaning out my room.'
b'have a geometry test, sports med 2 test, and a spanish test :-)))))))))) love life'
b"have ah jawn come over and do not even attempt to back ya hammer out... cuz the xan got both y'all sleep!"
b'have allergies and love animals? 3 ways to choose a in an allergy'
b'have almost never not been body checked by security at the airport'
b'have an awesome thursday, do not forget to tell people you love them, finish your homework, take a tech break, donate to something, learn'
b'have a nice weekend floral in the rain'
b'have a small test in the morning for a potential job, so everyone plz keep me in your thoughts.'
b'have a test in both my college classes tomorrow and i am 98% not prepared for them. yay.'
b'have been followed by skinnygirlguide & the skinny girl.. have i missed something?! maybe my face looks skinny?'
b'have like no food all day, come home to no food in the house and now i have to go training on an empty stomach... luv it'
b'have no regrets except all those facebook pages you liked back in 2009, regret those'
b"have not been able to sleep, so i've been playing words with friends and angry birds all night. what a thrilling life i lead."
b'have not been to some classes in like 3 weeks but ya mom i love learning of course i work hard do not evn worry'
b'have not even gone to work yet today but i am already looking forward to not being in work 2m'
b'have not felt pure joy in so long until brooks asked me to give him his high school class ring next month loudly crying face'
b'have not had motivation to do homework since the first day of school'
b'have not heard of you in a long time " yeah maybe because you did not text me? asshole'
b"have not seen last week's ep yet & waking early to make doctors app for my jaw so getting some sleeping face enjoy the ep everyone. swanqueen is real!"
b"have the goat's of schedules next semester. 4 classes on t/th, no classes on fridays and only golf on m/w"
b'have to get a stress test when i go see my new endocrinologist which is making me more stressed'
b'have to get blood work done this morning'
b"have to leave for work in 3 hours.. good thing i've gotten plenty of sleep"
b'have to sit in a room by myself for 8 hours and do school work online. yay.'
b'have to try on suits all day for a wedding, fun.'
b'have to wait since i can not ever make decisions... or to plus ahh'
b'have you ever loved someone so much that you wanted to keep them hidden from the world & all to yourself? apparently that is called kidnapping'
b'have you ever met the human version of a period cramp'
b'have you ever been so cool that the only way you know how to park your car is by backing it into a parking spot?'
b'have you ever been so stoned for 5 days straight and then stop and still feel stoned 4 days after stopping.'
b'have you ever got a bill so high you try to put it in the light to see if it would change? " hold up wait a minute " *check bill in the light *'
b'have you ever just stopped and realized that if you had not met a certain person, your entire life would be completely different'
b"have you ever noticed that the texts you're trying to cancel always send faster than regular texts?"
b'have you ever really wanted to ask a question, but you did not because you knew in your heart that you would not be able to handle the answer?'
b'have you ever stalked someone so hard you ended up on their brothers roommates cousins sisters page'
b"have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?"
b'have you heard that today is word toilet day? can not wait for history to flush these outrageous crackpots'
b'have you no shame? because i have plenty extra if you need some.'
b"fuck you bitch you do not know me. i'll be glad when you stfu talking to me \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'having a boyfriend or girlfriend who is also your best friend is the greatest thing in the world.'
b'having a cracking day at work'
b'having a day off after working for ten days straight makes me want to cry of happy'
b'having a discussion about the word clunge with my m. d & manager.. anyone would think where i work is a normal office..'
b'having a driving license without a car is the best'
b'having a girl like me.. im a handful & will get you mad like crazy but theres no one in the world who will love & take care of you like me tho'
b'having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations "'
b'having a guy break down and cry on you is one of the most heart breaking things ever'
b"having a mohawk used to mean you were tough. now it means you're a 3 year-old with annoying parents."
b'having an ex on social media is so annoying. you tweet " i love bacon " and he gonna throw a sub like " only stupid hoes love bacon. "'
b'having an unusual allergies and getting told " oh you will be alright " yeah i\'ll be alright covered in hives unamused face seriously'
b'having chemistry ever day is going to be soo much fun!?'
b'having class from 2:30 -7... such a good time! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'having emotions is ruining my reputation of being a heartless bitch'
b'having fun in english lab'
b"having late night talks about furniture and decor for our first flat... (that we'll hopefully move into within the next year ) weary face"
b"having like 3 friends is all fun and games until they're all busy and you have nothing to do"
b'having long hair is the most annoying and wonderful thing ever'
b'having nobody to cake with'
b'having no classes on fridays is like a breath of fresh air relieved face'
b'having nonstop arguments but we dont care. we love each other. 3'
b'having no power is great... especially when my phones on 15% and i need the dryer to work so i have clothes for work tomorrow..'
b'having one of my favorite things for lunch today. hope my roomie does not change their mind about fixing it. looking forward to it.'
b'having plans sounds like a good idea until you have to put on clothes and leave your house'
b"having sex is like vacuuming ; hopefully it's loud, involves lots of sucking, and it's best if you do it often in every room of the house."
b'having soo much fun doing homework right now -_-'
b'having such a great day'
b'having to be at the school tomorrow at 6:45. good me'
b'having to change a fire alarm thing tonight with my mom is a perfect example of why we need a dad in our house ):'
b'having to google the meaning of at least one word per page of the book i am reading'
b'having to go to college today to enroll for the second time'
b'having to pace back and forth due to the revolving sprinklers'
b'having to wait till next year to re-sit my driving test'
b"having to wear a life jacket in public because you're drowning in all the bitches."
b'hawaii is a great place to live if you hate being eligible for contests.'
b'is so happy right now'
b'wait what class are you in? why do you need to write about titanic?'
b'the sneeze photo cheers boss much love blue heart see you tomorrow!'
b'hbd ugly jonathong! thanks for always being there to piss me off and insult me face with medical mask'
b'and we can all agree that " absolutes " are a reasonable and a sound strategy for living one\'s life.'
b"trying not to get burnt out before i can play with friends. it's super fun though."
b"oh even better then! \xf0\x9f\x98\x91let me know when a game is close and i'll come watch!"
b'headaches are so enjoyable'
b'headed to the dentist for the first time in about 10 years. this should be fun'
b"heading to the south west and surprise surprise it's raining comet"
b'head is still pounding.. work is going to be great'
b'i saw it. frankly seems weak but i really do not care.'
b"he ain't even cute."
b'health club on a hot day, smells something like hell maybe! face with medical mask'
b"health update : doctors say it's not looking too good, my health is really deteriorating. need your love"
b'he always worried bout what i am doing but claim he happy.'
b'heaping pile of dishes for me to look forward to when i get home'
b'heard a song that starts with " i love you like a fat kid loves food "'
b'heard this weekend the reason we do not have rain, because did not put tender out for rain, bcause there is no money left after'
b'hearing my own voice on video makes me want to apologize to every single person ive talked to like im really sorry'
b"hearing noises when you're home alone and just accepting the fact that you're gonna die."
b'hearing people chew is seriously the worst sound in the world'
b'hearing that it snowed makes me want to snowboard so bad.'
b'hearing things thank god for my feet are a bloody - literally - mess'
b'hearing your favorite song on the radio is more exciting than on your ipod.'
b'hear " we are losing sleep " from the stoner-metal band\'s impressive ep.'
b'heart : *beats faster for no apparent reason* me : am i getting anxiety or am i dying'
b'heat not working in my car makes mornings that much more enjoyable'
b'he cares face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"thank you for making my life worth living. i never thought i'd read those words from you. god gone bless ya."
b'he flooded her thoughts every second of everyday. and she did not know how to swim but that was okay.'
b'hehe i figured this out last night i love 360 videos (tip do not move around just use your finger to move around! )'
b'oh we can see the good pouring out of you. face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b'he is so cute and dumb i love him'
b"realy getin sick to the back teeth with people saying you're a ur i know what bullying is as i've been bullyed xxx"
b'i am the most excited, i promise, that 40 hour timer is hurting me too xd'
b'hell hath no fury like that of a woman who poured her soul into an 8 paragraph text and your only reply was " ok "'
b'hello darling i am a female business lady from cambridge plus rapper a slapper... can i get a follow back please king smile'
b'hello i only just woke up because timezones suck and i had a big weekend but who wants ama streaming links good'
b"hello is this hp? i'd like to make a return. i ordered a laser jet and you sent me a printer."
b'hello modelling agency? yeah my selfie just got 34 likes i think i am ready to go pro'
b'hello nightmares, i missed you'
b'hello yeah i just woke up and i decided to be productive today so here the fuck i am cleaning my room while eating'
b'hell yeah thats our room that you here that jb blasting out of'
b'he looked like a potato shoved into jeans " an example of songwriting at its finest.'
b"help for so's butt"
b'help im stuck babysitting and im being forced to watch minions this is torture send help'
b'help im stuck babysitting this baby i just wanted to study japanese'
b'helping me with my homework through the phone. youre awesome. kissing face with closed eyes'
b"help me help you help myself help you think you're helping yourself but you're really helping me."
b'help your friends diet by replacing the light in their fridge with an air horn.'
b"yeah now that's a lie"
b'ha well im in bed now!'
b'[*cough*] 13577 continues to look for any additional problems, then she decides to wait for a response from the [cut ]'
b'he older i get the more picky i become about who i allow to come close to me. i am nice & all but i only claim few people as friends.'
b"her :911, what's your emerge - me : someone's wearing crocs! her : sir, that's not an em - me : with a fanny pack! her : i'll send an officer."
b'her body and good looks will not raise children, her mind and intellect will. choose wisely.'
b'her eardrum. then, her foot just happened to get caught in a puddle of thick mud that did not want to --'
b'here i am chilling on my bed and thinking oh no school tomorrow sweet, but oh wait there is school tomorrow fml.'
b'here is to going into the middle of the ocean'
b"here's an allergy pleximony! i love how many different things plexus can help!"
b"here's a nice guy in birmingham threatening us"
b"here's a poem abt my love mingyu is so cute he makes me want to puke but i mean that in a good way what the fuck this is so gay"
b"here's hoping for a good nights sleep."
b'here\'s how lonely i am : i just looked out the living room window and yelled out " i love you! " to a car as it drove past my house.'
b"here's the headline - these southernbaptists jerks wld love to save & have souls condemned to hell be brought here"
b"here's to all the kids who have never found their name on anything in a souvenir store"
b'heres to everyone whose name is never on those cool key chains'
b'heres to everyone whose names arent on those cool little keychains'
b'her : hi, i am jane me : i am christopher, but everyone calls me dick for short. her : how do you get dick from christopher? me : you ask nicely.'
b'her mum looks fresh of the boat'
b'visitor to brighton, much impressed, very wet saturday night that you had come into school and put up the french flag. thanks.'
b'really? i have to take time out of my holiday to sort this? surely in this day and age you should be able to access my info!?'
b'he\'s gay " cool. " she sleeps around " cool. " he\'s a virgin " cool. it isn\'t my business so i do not care'
b'he\'s genuinely threatening. it\'s a nice change from " meanie wants mcguffin to make a laser come out of portal because they are super angry. "'
b"he's got blood poisoning in his arm from an infection. might have to operate, waiting for doc. silly sausage."
b"he's one of those good locker room guys coaches love. just enough talent left to hang around, knows all the plays inside/out"
b'he sounds so fuckikg good my heart is bursting out my my chest fuckf'
b"he's said he had to wait for her to finish class expressionless face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"he's so cool."
b"he's so cute and dumb at the same time but in a such a cute way omg"
b"he's so happy"
b"he's so happy to be here"
b'he was a doctor of law at peking university in the same place waiting for 30 years to wait for his girlfriend back'
b'he will defiantly learn his lesson.'
b'hey " *2 hours later* " hey " no it\'s too late, i do not wanna talk to you anymore.'
b'hey bitch, yeah you. i found your nose. it was in my business again.'
b"hey blockbuster, remember when i said you'd never see that 50 late fee? i win."
b'hey can you please never talk to me again its for a school project'
b'hey come with me to the store. " " no! " " i\'ll buy you something. " " ok'
b'hey working on turning this into a thanks for the honor and challenge a but a 1'
b'hey couples on facebook that share an account, so which one of you got caught having an cheating?'
b"hey dog walkers, technically, that dog can walk on its own. what it can not do is pick up it's own poop. you're just a poop collector."
b"hey excuse me i just want to point something out, there's something on your butt. my eyes"
b'hey, girl at the gym that keeps moving to the opposite corner every time i get on the machine next to you, yes, i feel the chemistry too.'
b'hey girl that makeup is really covering up those hickeys on your neck...'
b'hey google... do you wanna sit next to me during finals?'
b'hey guys! my insta got hacked and i was hoping you could follow me on there follow spree when i hit 200 on there! kissing face with closed eyes kissing face with closed eyes'
b'hey guys stop cluttering up my feed with vines... i am missing out on important news.'
b'hey guys, women prefer the strong, silent type. so next time you go to the gym, try and shut the f *ck up about it.'
b'hey heres a cool concept : treat the people that are important to u... like they r... important to you'
b"hey here's the fun fact of the night from me : i got kicked out of my house and i just burnt my hand and might have to go to the hospital smile"
b'hey " " hey " " how are you " " good you " " good " " what are you doing " " nothing you " " nothing " retweet if you hate convos like this!'
b"hey hi um yes bus drivers? yeah i need to get to class so if you could quit fucking around that'd be super fantastic"
b"hey, how long are you supposed to chase someone after they steal your wallet? cause i am getting tired of running and he's catching up to me."
b'hey, if you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, you can hear the beautiful sound of you shutting the fuck up.'
b'hey i am in school hella rad'
b'hey im sorry i cant hang out, i dont want to'
b'hey, i sure missed my temples and eye sockets stinging this bad because of staring at screens all day doing essays and projects!'
b"hey it's time to get all cocky!"
b'we missed ya! i am glad your week going well! good i am good! super tired and looking forward to the weekend for sure! smile'
b'hey madison. can you please stalk me too? sleepy face'
b'hey mom can i - " no no no no no no \\_ no no no no no no'
b'hey mom, i did really well this semester. in fact, i was thinking about taking all the classes again in the fall'
b'hey mom. " " what?! " " never mind you\'re in a bad mood.'
b'hey nsa, i accidentally deleted an email. can i get you to forward me your copy?'
b'he you and your boy friend got the same hair color, length, frizzy ness awe soo fucking cute raised hand'
b"hey seattle it's raining what a surprise?"
b'hey i added you on i am of not ur average joe like ur ex'
b'hey thanks a lot for providing resolution so quickly. shall recommend you to my friends'
b'hey this might sound corny but you make me so horny'
b'hey how awkward is it that you literally can not give your album away?'
b'i just left school good'
b'hey whiny kids with iphones : when i was your age, i played with a stick.'
b'hey ya know wut really seems to work? running from your problems! smile smile smile'
b"why do they always argue on this show would be 500 times better if they didn't."
b'hi and bye! smile'
b'i count on you to fav mine too \xf0\x9f\x98\xb9\xf0\x9f\x99\x80'
b'i count on you too \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'*hiding under blanket for hours* mom : what are you doing me : avoiding mom : avoiding what me : everything'
b'high 5\'s are a great way to slap people in the face by " accident " smile'
b'*high af in a restaurant* waitress : would you like soup or salad? me : what the f *ck is a super salad?'
b'high key hoping the weather cooperates next week so i can hit the fields with the coldwater fam'
b'highlight from : " that people still say\'metrosexual \' may be the biggest surprise " in'
b"highly upset that my tartelette2 came all broken smh well looks like i'll be calling tomorrow"
b'high school : did you study last night? nah what did you get? 100 college : did you study last night? for 11 hours what did you get? a 48'
b'high school has made me realize that you only need one best friend and like three close friends, because you realize how fake everyone is'
b'high school musical was my favorite thing as a child like who doesnt love to pop and lock and jam and break'
b'high school sports ; moments of pure joy. click to hear interview :'
b'hi " " hey " " are you awake? " " no, i taught myself how to text in my sleep.'
b'hi, i am a girl. i run from guys that want to make me happy and fight for the ones that make me cry. basically.'
b'hi i am justin bieber i think im black and have for real swag but i post pictures of myself with no shirt for votes and idk. oh.'
b'hi john, thanks for bringing this to my attention! your account has now been canceled.'
b"people upset with a dressed up mom feeding her child before going on a well-deserved night out? are we living in the 50's? smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'hilarious how i can not wake up monday to friday, but on weekends have insomnia so bad i can hear an ant cough in the back yard.'
b': " if only it were that easy unamused face'
b'hilarious prank : create a system where people pay thousands of dollars to go to college, to get a job, to pay for having gone to college.'
b'smile hi laundry. ily. your house is awesome. we gotta hang out more. everytime i go to the park im always with you.'
b'always begging for money. it is always about how much money she can get.'
b'and still no tax returns, looks like he has less to hide with physical health than with financial health'
b'crawl back in your hole and cough up another hair ball.. you disgust me'
b'- crooked hillary is actually busy tweeting nonsense between naps'
b'cum on baby fuck bill i will eat the shit outta ur ass'
b'do not be fake crooked hillary you do not give a f about black people!!!!!'
b'do not care about his taxes or color of shorts. your health on the other hand is a concern.'
b"dt'campaign thrives on a reality the does not exist ur campaign must make this clear to the american people."
b'this country has been going down for the last 8 years! we need change or our kids will not have a future. vote trump!'
b'world focus is on this election sit (hillerys)that ti record of world womans ress get it'
b'yes the ones who give her money to work on those issues. not the ones we as americans need'
b'get off my twitter feed you old hage. go to a nursing home. or better yet a jail cell you fucking criminal.'
b'getting a blow job while your wife and kid are in the next room...'
b'go back to sleep like you did with benghazi. let the h be silent now as it was when americans were murdered.'
b"grow the middle class you've never done that neither has barack obama those are just words to get someone's attention"
b"hale no i ain't voting for either of you, also i am not old enough lol xdddddd vote vader lol i love joking around"
b'hillay, you do not mean that and we know it. i better be nice to you, you might have me killed if elected'
b'he just wants to live rent-free in your head and your campaign, like obama did with his birth certificate and hidden records'
b'hillary as sick as you appear to be with that cough, this lady will likely out live you.'
b'hillary is responsible for many many deaths and there is no room in my heart for empathy for her. she is pure evil'
b'how bout a list of all the businesses that paid to play with the clintons? silly me that would take up too much paper..'
b'how can you be proud of a liar cheat and killer'
b'how fixing this day light saving time bs fix to a set time for ever please'
b"how many women have the clinton's abused? so many that we can not even count"
b'i am closing my business to go and help my people. maybe they will kill me and kill my animals? either way,i will fight! stop'
b'if hillary becomes president, i am moving to benghazi, at least i know i will not be bothered there'
b'if you get elected you can pay off the debt by garnishing the checks of men who call women bitches and hoes on social media.'
b'i love these propaganda videos. makes me wanna hate the us government even more.'
b'i love this i can not wait to be part of your history'
b"i might listen 2 you when you are for americans as much as ur 4 illegals aliens n terrorist. but you aren't. so i wont hear u."
b'in november we will not have to imagine it! it will be a reality'
b"isn't healthy enough to be her goons are trying to strong arm the media into not speaking of it."
b'is this supposed to be " profound "? and what is up with your goofy eyes?'
b"it's ok for blacks to say they are all persecuted... but not ok for to agree?"
b'it was your people who bowed and gave them 400m + to act this way.'
b'i would give it back to the people it was originally stolen from and let people spend it as they see fit.'
b'keep ur head up girl. when the devil tries 2 destroy u, then god will lift you up. you have had 2 overcome many tough hurdles.'
b'kill ur self. you are a liar and a killer'
b'lied lost national security info lied left americans to die lied armed isis lied... oh wait, that was you'
b'lies you cant hide from the words that are written in the emails, your day is coming, and dems cant do anything about it.'
b'like you for example who created no child left behind while every state has pulled major funding from every public school'
b'loses 12 pts in 10 days in the polls. maybe she should hold a press conference to talk about it.'
b'made her share of gold star families already. we do not need her making any more.'
b'make sure to get all those illegal immigrants too so you actually have a chance'
b'maybe you can invite the shooter to your next rally. i am sure the other 60 people would be more than welcoming.'
b'most people do not even know what i pull pack operator is let alone drive one how are we not a skill job makin over 20 a hr?'
b'most people do not have blood on their hands. you do'
b'neither of you. i would never trust either of you.'
b'not allowed tweet not allowed to gmail not allowed to ok. ru not allowed to skype not allowed to whatsup not allowed to viber'
b'no their watching you hillary and learning lying is ok.'
b"oh btw make sure your a usc otherwise your breaking the law but that's nothing new for the clintons!"
b'oh do not you worry. america wants you out of politics. we will all vote 4 trump. & i wld not assume the blk & latino vote'
b"on a scale of 1 to 10 just how stupid do you think american's are?1 is crayon eating dumb and 10 is dumb enough to trust you"
b'over a hundred crowners some places - thats more than 10 dollars! anyway - hope the debate goes well for you.'
b'personally i would like to see you getting a prison laundry workers wages.'
b'i need you to resign i need you to go to jail i am talking, tell everyone what a criminal you are'
b"maybe her message is to teach that it's okay to stay married to an unfaithful partner"
b"voting for you because you're a woman is the same as drinking bleach because it looks like water..."
b'you take naps. he run 20 hour days 6 days a week. your message is one of corruption. good thing to teach children'
b'like get your molester off the charges, or ruin your life for telling the truth about my husband'
b'are you the same scumbag you were 40 years ago. oh i guess so rape a woman hillary will laugh about getting you off.'
b'said the bitch who pays women working for her, less than the men working for men.'
b'she got screwed her life will b full of minipulation from hillary. the legos is a slamming deal...'
b"she's a maniac, maniac on the floor and she's dancing like she's never danced before"
b'simple we know you are a lying criminal who only seeks for self. america needs a leader, not you.'
b"so let's give the button to a brain-damaged drunk whose eyes point in different directions! that makes sense!"
b'so she says she will create millions of jobs and why she has not done it in the las 8 years i tell you because is a lie'
b'stop with the bs hallmark cards. america first + security + jobs = you are not running for pta president.'
b'take this down add music then put it back up \xf0\x9f\x91\x8c\xf0\x9f\x91\x8c'
b"that's why we think about benghazi. you can remember that can not you? we do not need you doing that again on a bigger scale."
b'the fbi also seems to be breaking with tradition and is taking a better look at you email case...'
b'the first female president of america! that would be another monumental feat for us americans in just 8 years.'
b'the thought of you in the white house scares me to death.'
b'the tragic part is you could be the next pres'
b'the us continues to get away with more of their crimes. if i have to place you and your rats in jail for life myself i will.'
b'thought america was being ruled by a kenyan muslim until don the con said he was american. our kids must be confused.'
b"too bad you're not moved enough to drop out."
b'trump only has a billion dollars. the us government has trillions. how can we know he will not give government contracts to him'
b'you need to remind people of ur intention to raise taxes everywhere especially rich.'
b"wants a normal election because she's been checking the boxes since senate. the ppl do not want normal, need drastic change."
b'was going to invite all the people screwed over to the but there were not enough seats available.'
b'" we can not trust the american people to make these types of choices. the government has to make choices for them " -hrc'
b"we've read the emails & your crimes are worse of any i've seen! i would not vote for you if you offered me a million dollars!"
b'what part is inaccurate or misleading... their status has stayed unchanged in fact worse. nobody wants hand outs'
b'where do you fall on the curve of presidents who are considered honest and trustworthy?'
b'who allows prime time spot light on a guys father who killed lots of people. we want coverage for days nonstop on this'
b'why is it inner-city leaders are vastly democrat? would it be that people like someone that does not try to stop the violence'
b'why is it when you accuse anyone of anything, it could be turned around about you. could it be because you are corrupt?'
b"win or lose, to be part of an era that 1 day i'll be able 2 show my w/my future grandkids.#imwithyou"
b'yeah unlike you who did nothing and let our people die on the ground'
b'yes... definitely a lot of hat for a guy with such a swollen head'
b'yes & people that let soldiers die, take money from countries that openly kill gays etc, shouldnt be able to run for potus.'
b'you and the word justice in the same sentence is laughable! lol'
b'you are so pathetic like you really care about children dont you sell kids for sex? disgusting woman you roll w pedophiles'
b"you can either look tough by swinging a big ol ' war boner around, or pretend to have feelings. you do not get to do both."
b"you lie about everything.. how's your blood clots? trump! not obama ways for 4 more years while your on blood thinners."
b"you owe jail time for all the horrible things you've done"
b'you refused to divorce bill for cheating because you needed his coat tails to ride on the political train!'
b'your presidency would only help me wanting to end my own life just so i can avoid seeing you burn down our great country!!'
b'you should consult a doctor for your obvious mental health issues'
b'you were so grief-stricken you needed to be dragged into your vehicle. oh wait that was the 78 degrees.'
b"hi republicans, thanks for voting against mine and other women's right to equal pay. totes appreciate it."
b'his awkward cough and the " oooohhh stop " i cant wait to watch this'
b'his face! loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'his hair looks like a poodle that got caught in the rain " -my mom on the weekend'
b"hi sir, yeah yes you blasting country music outside my window right now we're about to have a chat"
b'aye witness claims before a a bomb exploded the bomber yelled " god is great "'
b"hi someone tell me why first years think it's acceptable to set the fire alarm off when its raining"
b'his phone keeps going off, more like his wife keeps walking in when he texts me'
b"i did it last night. i am not really anon though face with tears of joy but it's really fun just to know fun facts i guess"
b'history exam in 50 years : what were the causes of the miley rebellion?'
b"you can definitely take the credit for what's inside though, can not wait to read it!"
b'his wife was out of town, so he did something awesome to their laundry room'
b'hit 27k tonight relieved face i am behind but i am hoping to be at 30k by tomorrow'
b'holds nothing back on the holiday special!'
b'hit the 50 followers mark. set the goal and reached. many more to come. hoping to launch my youtube channel next week. thanks everyone!'
b'hitting the exit button on a moving pop up is my version of hunting.'
b"hitting your hip on a corner and feeling like you've been shot."
b"hiv does not equal death. i've been poz since i was 19, my doctor says i'll live to 70. 34, got 36 more years to wait to die"
b'but when you do.. you wold come home to no food n you would have to make it..'
b'hmm, four and a half hour sleep has still not shifted my headache/ sinus-grate. confused face'
b'hmm love being second choice'
b'hmmm. i really like how you treat me..'
b'hmmm you care'
b'hmm what to work on today... i hi or ee? they both sound like oh so much fun!'
b'hmm ya i just love hearing something about myself that i didnt even fucking know smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'hmm you could literally be unwrapped how fun'
b'you can even operate without a license.'
b'not everyone is as good as you at their job'
b'no you have fun'
b'he just found out just a bit ago what time the surgery was. nothing like last minute info.'
b'hockey gear smells the greatest on a hot day'
b'hoes be like " hoes be like " but they be the hoes that be like.'
b'hola i can not wait until tommorow i get to goto hannaford :):):):):):):):) with my friends in my class!'
b'holidays, hotels and women. three things that always look better online than in real life.'
b'holidays w/o certain family member not really fun to me'
b'well then'
b"already have my tickets : theatre and airplane. this time it's all the gelbergs."
b'holy crap i look great...'
b'holy fuck am i ever in a bad mood.. ha today will be great'
b'holy hannah. this week is going to be just great.'
b'math is hit and miss for me. as for proofs that was the only thing i liked in geometry. i love it to death!'
b'holy shit holy shit i was hoping he would do that but holy shit'
b'home alone expectation : big party! reality : peeing with the door open'
b'home for literally 2 minutes and i get kicked in the face with a football. i can not feel my nose or lips.'
b'home is where i can look ugly and enjoy it.'
b'home is where the bag filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags filled with plastic bags is.'
b'homeless logic : why live in a dollar home, when i can live under a million dollar bridge?'
b'homeless man with a lisp was preaching about " wife, wiberty, and the purswoot of happy pants " this morning on the subway.'
b"home sick with nevy. ah the joys of being a single parent. it's not like i have bills to pay or anything"
b'home sweet home'
b'i was supposed to be but i am stuck babysitting loudly crying face'
b'homework : a classwork : a homework : a classwork : a homework : a test : f final grade : f'
b'homework and a headache is a lovely mix'
b'homework and chill cause you cute but i still gotta get good grades'
b'homework homewor homewo homew home hom ho how how a how ab how abo how abou how about how about n how about no'
b'homework is so fun!'
b'homework :l'
b'homework no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no'
b'homework over thanksgiving break awesome'
b"oh but she has her girls ' interests at heart"
b'honestly all i want in life is a good body and some friends'
b'honestly can not wait to film the documentary for my video production class'
b'honestly ignoring me is the worst thing you can do to me.'
b'honestly, i love thursdays because does not have any classes thursday evenings or friday, so we always hang out weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"honestly i am glad asher ran her over, she's such an annoying bitch that talks too much"
b"honestly, i am good at maths, and when i read about the things we're doing it's crystal clear - when she explains it's foggy ad\xc3\xa4f"
b'honestly like a date could be for me, the point of a date is to enjoy each others company not having fancy things to show off'
b'honestly, sometimes you just gotta take a deep breath and say fuck it.'
b'honestly yall are missing so much if you dont listen to halsey.. she is love she is life'
b'honestly you should feel special if i hate you, i view most people with indifference.'
b'well the writers would obvs make him somewhat upset cause he liked her as a human'
b'i always end up liking people more than they like me'
b"short i've only been awake since 4:30pm ha seriously though i am so delighted to know you guys met"
b'hooker told me she will do anything for 20 bucks. guess who got his house painted?'
b'hooray for being late to class and stuck in traffic! pouting face'
b'hooray for going to pa in the middle of the week'
b'hopefully just 4 more years to wait till rwc \xf0\x9f\x87\xaf\xf0\x9f\x87\xb5\xf0\x9f\x87\xaf\xf0\x9f\x87\xb5, when we can lift again. great stuff'
b'hope i do not have classes on fridays again second semester'
b'hope it do not rain.. normally when i curl or flat iron my hair it rains n i look like a poof ball'
b'hope the docs wrong ". likely to happen with modern medicine and the fact that it takes like 8 yrs to become a doctor...'
b'hope the lovely freshers have settled in well i still remember my first funky wednesday'
b'hoping and praying this typhoon does not hit us'
b"hoping for a mark on the hit board right next to'vengeance ' tomorrow face with stuck out tongue"
b'hoping i hit the lottery before christmas'
b'hoping my dad will let me hit this double header barrel race on saturday'
b'hoping my foid card comes in sooner than later.. want to hit up the range! \xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf\xf0\x9f\x8e\xaf'
b'hoping one of these jobs hit my line soon'
b'hoping that getting hit in the face by this child does not cause a bruise'
b'hoping that in my 7:30 class i will just hit my head one to many times on the desk and get excused for my head bleeding'
b'hoping to hit 100 subs one day smile'
b'hoping to hit the big 50k this weekend! only 7 thousand words left...'
b'hoping you get hit by an airplane *'
b"good afternoon kim, did not expect to be cycling in the rain today! hope you've been enjoying your day off \xf0\x9f\x98\x8axx"
b'hot 420 chick (photo ) - or'
b'hot chocolate and nerd love on my day off. i can dig it.'
b'hot day in melbourne. tram is packed to capacity and starting to smell like underpants.'
b'hott picture of my & the bff, it will prob get like a million favorites & retweets smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'hour after practice and i still want to throw up'
b'houston girls love the way it goes down'
b'how about a ceiling fan with brakes so i do not have to stand there for 10 seconds wondering if i actually turned it off.'
b'how about a restaurant where the minute you walk in you lose cell service and your camera app is disabled we\'ll call it " enjoy your lives "'
b'how am i even stuck babysitting two 15 year old boys ffs'
b'how am i expected to make real life decisions when i still turn off the lights and then sprint to my bed so monsters don \xc2\x92t get me'
b'how am i supposed to control my life, i can not even control my hair'
b'how am i supposed to focus on studying for this test when i can only think about picking up my puppy tonight'
b'how am i supposed to go to school, do homework, study, stay in shape, be social, help out at home, and get 8 + hours of sleep at night?'
b'how am i supposed to have a lit summer with 50'
b'how am i supposed to lose weight when the best part about life is food?'
b'how am i supposed to make life choices i still count using my fingers and i still sing the whole alphabet to see what letter comes next.'
b"how annoying is it when you know someone's a nasty person but they act all nice and nobody else sees it omg"
b'how are you gonna text me for discount if i am not even working right now? & we have not even talked in such a long time?'
b'how can anyone sleep without a fan on'
b'how can he be dry humping the bench like that dvffhgbbbghhbghjjghgfjh'
b'how can i act normal when you can not even define it?'
b'how can i just have clear skin all the damn time \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xad'
b'how can i not have a great week when i am doing nothing all week'
b'how can i play hard to get when im already hard to want'
b'how can you appreciate words so genuine?'
b'how can you love the zebra print?!'
b"how can you 'love ' somebody that you've never met? face with tears of joy face with tears of joy have a day off! people throw the love word around way to much nowadays raised hand just stop"
b'how can you say you won an argument with your love partner? you might have just won their resentment.'
b'how charming... unamused face'
b'how come people who think they know everything never seem to know when to shut up?'
b"how come when a girl has sex with everyone she's a slut but when a guy has sex with everyone he's my boyfriend"
b'how cool is it that one day you might have little people running around your house that are half you and half the person you love'
b'how cool is it that the same god that created mountains & oceans & galaxies & puppies looked at you & thought the world needed one of you too'
b"how cool! we've got 12 years to wait for that - ours demanding peekaboo at same time as"
b'how could anyone think one direction is not coming back. they have so much fun on stage this is in their blood'
b'how dare that guy ask for more time when you already took 4 months. looks like your network team is busy playing'
b"how dare you ignore me after i've made 0 attempts at talking to you."
b'how depressed are you on a scale from 1 to " regularly visits song lyrics websites? "'
b"how did i miss my son's first aaa bantam goal cool"
b"how did rihanna find out chris brown was cheating on her? she found another women's lipstick on his knuckles."
b"how does someone get tired of being with their gf/bf everyday? i wish i was with my man everyday, he's like my best friend."
b'how do i drop out of college and still get a degree?\xc2\xbf\xc2\xbf'
b'how do i gently tell people that i do not want to speak to their babies on the phone ever again?'
b'how do i get rid of emotions i dont want them anymore'
b'how do i get rid of my acne in 2 minutes help'
b'how do i go about returning a ps4 that i canceled, yet have still received. thanks'
b'how do i look? " friend : " you look fine. " good friend : " you look really pretty. " best friend : " you look horrible'
b'how do i tell my boss i do not want to do work anymore but still want money'
b'how do i tell someone i do not care without sounding like i do not care'
b'how do people approach celebrities on the street like i can not even approach a worker in a store when i need help'
b"how do people approach their crush i do not even have the guts to ask for an extra ketchup in mcdonald's."
b'how do people even deal with stress because all i do is lie on the floor in a fetal position and cry'
b'how do people even fucking sleep with night lights oh god my room needs to be as dark as my soul'
b'how do ppl my age have kids? my mom still picks out my outfits, my dad does my homework, i love story time & being rocked... i do not get it'
b'how do they put the " do not walk on the grass " signs up?'
b'how do you get clear skin overnight. asking for a friend'
b'how do you expect me to do a homework assignment that requires a computer do you know what happens when i get near a computer this happens'
b'how do you get in touch with the models in the pictures that come with the frame? i have an out of control, elaborate lie i need help with.'
b'how do you make your gf scream while having sex? you call her.'
b'how do you tell someone nicely that they are fucking annoying and should fuck off'
b"how frustrating is it when you're like the only person who can see how evil and sneaky someone is and everyone else is like blind to it"
b'how good i look when i wake up look like i just got hit by a bus.'
b'how have you prepared for the evergreen learning experience?... -might be one of the hardest questions to answer...'
b'how i felt today weary face crying face'
b'how i get stuck babysitting my mom owe me'
b'how i look when i wake up confused face face with tears of joy'
b'how i love it when people do not text back smiling face with heart shaped eyes unamused face'
b'how is it i do not go to school and all the dumb ass rumors start. fuck you!'
b'how is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?'
b'how is it vacation when i am stuck babysitting?'
b'how i stop making myself feel like shit 100% of the time'
b'how i use my phone :50% to check the internet 20% to text 15% to take photos 10% check the time 5% to actually call'
b'how literally i feel about sweet tea loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'how long do i let someone clear their throat before i reach in and do it myself?'
b'how long do you have to be on weight watchers before you can sing like jennifer hudson?'
b'how loud do i need to sigh before you\'ll ask me what\'s wrong so i can say " nothing " - my gf'
b'how lovely'
b"how many days in a row do you have to wear the same clothes until you're legally a cartoon?"
b'how many men and women meet and move on, never knowing they walk away from the love of their life? mere ships that pass in the night'
b'how many nice guys does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they just compliment it, then get angry when it will not screw.'
b'how many times do i have to say " excuse me " before " get the fu *k out of my way " becomes acceptable?'
b'how many white girls does it take to screw in a light bulb? answer : \xe2\x88\x9e'
b'how much furniture can you move! got kept up last night cuz of it got a migraine tonight and all i can hear is bang & crapping of furniture'
b'how much of this " no more tears " shampoo do i have to feed this baby to get it to stop crying?'
b'how old were you when you found out your parents were using santa claus as a behavior-modification tool?'
b'how\'s my girl? " this 3 word sentence could make any girls day in. 2 seconds'
b'how\'s scho -- " how was ur divorce? see what it feels like when people bring up shit you not tryna think about when ur relaxing w/ family?'
b'how\'s senior year? " it\'s great! i just sometimes forget/too busy to sleep & eat & am so stressed that i have headaches and cry lots lol smile'
b'how\'s ur life going? " " well i shaved one leg last night " that should explain exactly how my life\'s going rn face with tears of joy face with medical mask'
b'how the fuck am i supposed to make life decisions? i am not even sure i want to be alive.'
b'how the hell did i get stuck babysitting after being in fort wayne for 10 minutes?! i got here at 12:30pm, and i am still babysitting! weary face weary face weary face'
b'how the toilet sounds during the day : *flush* how the toilet sounds at night when everyone is asleep : roaaaarrr!'
b'how to be a good person :1. listen to everything they say on fox news. 2. do the exact opposite.'
b'how to be the jerk women love - 2nd ed.'
b'how to break up with someone :you : your ex is attractive. partner : which one?. you : me, bye'
b'how to do math homework :1) open math book 2) cry 3) close math book'
b'how to eat french fries :1) eat all the good ones 2) leave the yucky ones and feel superior 3) wait 5 minutes 4) eat all the yucky ones'
b'how to find the name of the song : google as many as the words as you remember, and hope the best.'
b'how to get a hot body : - preheat oven to 425 \xc2\xb0 f - get in oven'
b'how to get a woman mad in 2 easy steps :1. take a picture of her. 2. do not show it to her.'
b'how to get out the friendzone : " so we are gonna fuck or do you wanna lose your best friend? "'
b'how to get rich :1. steal a baby and return it to the police station for the reward. 2. repeat 3 -4 times a day.'
b'how to have a flat stomach : \xe3\x83\xbbremove all of your organs'
b'how to have the perfect relationship : a failsafe formula'
b'how to live as me : exam tomorrow? me : have to study mind : i have this great idea for the next chapter of your story and this brand new plot'
b'how to lose weight : turn your head to the left, and then turn it to the right. repeat this exercise whenever offered food.'
b'how to play the sims : make family build house quit'
b'how to seduce me : deposit 6000 dollars in my bank account dont talk to me'
b'how to smell good : workout hard with a spray tan.'
b"how to tell if a woman is mad at you :1. she's quiet 2. she's yelling3. she acts the same4. she acts different5. she murdered you"
b'how to tie the strongest knot ever :1) put some headphones in your pocket 2) wait one minute'
b'how you love shallow people who think their better than everyone else'
b'how weird are people who wake up before their alarm and do not get excited by more sleep?'
b"how y'all 17, 18, 19, 20 + and can not sit down and have a serious conversation about your feelings with the person you date or talk to?"
b'how yall talk but not together legit'
b'how you can tell if someone likes you :1. they dont'
b'how you gone want a hood nigga but once that nigga get caught up with some be quick to give up info.'
b'how you gonna come home w no food \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95'
b'how you wait till you senior year in highschool to drop out you damn near done dummy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'hq woke me up! hope you are all enjoying'
b'hr made me remove my cardboard " will work for fools " sign from my desk.'
b'glad this mouthy bitch is dead'
b"but the white people still love him and so have i said the weeknd talented i just can not listen to that nigga it's simple"
b': abstinence -only sex ed dominates in state with highest teen pregnancy " seems to be working'
b'bill and hillary clinton are the best example we have of pure white fucking trash'
b'*eye roll* - the space is full of oxygen coz the astronauts breathes during their stay in space'
b"if he's a drug dealer where is his grow op? what kind of drugs is he selling? can i get in on this?"
b'imagine my surprise when i found that a black person from this junk media site wrote another anti white article.'
b"it makes sense she's not the brightest. they have a lot in common"
b"its his name. he can not help what he is. just totally scandalous to send sex pics to an adult, but only if you're a politician"
b"and will again no doubt but this time it will be hilary's birth place"
b'so while they had the chance did they check to her brain was connected to the rest of her body'
b'they have a right to support who they wish, i however, will be no longer funding them via purchase.'
b'smiling face with horns i was looking back at trump and holy jesus.'
b'yep he lie lie lie omg he gets the biggest liar award trophy'
b'huge thankyou to for helpin me with arianna while i go to school &clinicals. i do not know what i would do without him. love you'
b'hug your haters and kill them with your kindness. "'
b'human brain : forgets what we want to remember &amp ; remembers what we want to forget.'
b"it's not it's cool. so glad lied 2 work to get that day off i wasn't missing another gig for working thursdays"
b"human's are so naive and dumb it's almost cute."
b"humans put a lot of things in their mouth. even things that aren't theirs."
b'hungry... but im avoiding my sister and i heard her sneeze smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'she would give a fake upset face. " well your no fun. "'
b"we've got so many awesome ideas, why would not they listen to us!"
b'i usually hate math but i love geometry! but aww i love you'
b'woke up to pee so yeah i need to.. love you have a great day today bye'
b'hypocrite obama decides to send troops against ebola, not isis surprised. my boy shapiro does it again!'
b'i absolutely love getting overdraft statements in the mail'
b'i absolutely love not having classes on fridays'
b'i absolutely love not wearing makeup, until i realize how disgusting i look and i cry a bit inside'
b"i absolutely love these from hip homeschooling! used them with laynie just this past week, and they're saved to"
b'i absolutely love third wheeling.'
b'i absolutely love walking behind smokers...'
b"i absolutely love watching a client's energy shift from being totally blocked to realizing new possibilities. so"
b'i accidentally messed up my life how do i start a new account?'
b'i accidentally only shaved one leg, life goes on though amiright'
b'i accidentally said hi to a feminist the other day my court case starts tomorrow'
b'i accidentally typed smile instead of smile and now she thinks i want to fuck'
b'i actually can not wait to eventually cough up both of my lungs bc i am irritated and done with coughing?'
b'i actually just got about 3 hours of sleep.'
b'i actually like being up early i just do not like waking up early assalamualaikum & salam subuh to all my love'
b'i actually love being up early on days i do not have school'
b'i actually love going to school on fridays because no scrubs and the cool tunes they play in between classes'
b"i actually love it when white ppl speak about poc issues as long as they do not forget that they're just as privileged as the non-woke whites"
b"i actually really do like cleaning? like idk you got something to focus on, it's stress relieving and you end up with a spotless room lol"
b'i added a video to a playlist thanks for the memories oc mep [canceled ]'
b"i admit, i really miss how things used to be. but i can also admit, that i've accepted the fact that things have changed."
b': every girl loves being hugged like this " smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b"i ain't got the balls for that shit no lie. call me a bitch ass nigga but yeah i couldn't."
b"i ain't sayin she's a gold digger, but she ain't messing with no broke white guy who's afraid to finish the rest of this lyric."
b"i ain't the type to talk behind a nigga back then smile in his not"
b'i almost burnt my hair today so that was fun'
b'i almost cried tears of joy when my parents said i did not have to go to school tomorrow'
b'i almost miss those days... rt " : studied for 30 seconds im gonna rock this fuckin test "'
b"i already freaking put make up on and plans got canceled... i guess i'll just study now thanks mom! for canceling! thanks mom!"
b'i also have no one to follow because nobody uses twitter but i love tweeting about my boring life'
b"i also love zachary levi's argument that people post selfies for other people's validation b/c i do it b/c no one's here to take the pic."
b'i also realized that the great people in my life have gone under appreciated because i was too busy focusing on the wrong people'
b'i always care more about people than what they care about me worry'
b'i always change my mind about everything except the password i have been using since i was 10'
b'i always do my hair & it rain the next day'
b'i always end up laughing when i pretend to be asleep.'
b'i always end up liking people more than they like me worry'
b'i always enjoy doctor appointments'
b"i always enjoy it when i am having trouble navigating a women's clothing store because of the men hanging around in there."
b"i always forget guys have armpit hair so when they lift their arms up it always scares me it's like bam welcome to the jungle"
b'i always forget how much it sucks to live in a country where everyone is provided education for free.'
b'i always forget that days after christmas exist? like it goes 24th 25th 1st'
b'i always forget that i am lactose intolerant after i eat something with dairy like this is a recent discovery of my allergy and i love cheese'
b'i always get excited for a new week to start so i can go to the elementary school again sun with face'
b'i always get so awkward when people compliment me like wow thanks god bless you'
b"i always get so motivated to eat healthy and workout everyday but then someone mentions pizza or tacos and it's all over"
b'i always get stuck babysitting'
b'i always get stuck babysitting when i have plans'
b'i always have my best ideas when i am drunk. but i always forget them when i pass out.'
b"i always have the most f 'ed up dreams flushed face"
b'i always have to contain my grin of absolute joy when my boss tells me i can finish now. yes, yes i can smile'
b'i always know its gonna be a good day when i wake up late and literally have 10 minutes to get ready'
b'i always lay in bed and forget to shut my light out. then lay there for a good half hour contemplating to sleep with lights on or get up expressionless face'
b'i always make sure any plane i get on does not contain too many attractive people so i know i am not in lost.'
b'i always open a text and mentally respond, but actually forget to respond'
b'i always say " i hate you " or " you\'re annoying " to the people i actually like.. you just gotta understand my love lmao'
b'i always say i am going to go to bed early, but it never happens.'
b'i always try to behave but there are usually too many other options'
b"i always wince when someone tells me they're going to hit the sack."
b"i always wondered why w is called double u, when it's clearly double v."
b"i always write 'wake up ' on my to -do -list so i can at least accomplish one thing a day."
b'i am 0% the person i was three years ago and i would probably get in a fight with 2011 me'
b'i am absolutely trying to fit in!'
b'i am actually really excited for my classes next semester good'
b'i am a firm believer that people who are meant to be in your life will come back no matter how far they may wander.'
b'want justice i have joined twitter coz of you n you have no time for me fair'
b'i am a is but i am if i make a do not blame but blame'
b'i am constantly making the decision between being a good person or being a sarcastic asshole.'
b'i am covered in hives & my palms are swollen... happy birthday to me... birthday cake'
b'i am covered in hives'
b'i am currently covered neck to toe in hives and have already taken 2 benedryl. i will not be home until 10:30 tonight... what have i done?!'
b'i am dyyying. something new goes down on my tl everyday man i fuckin love twitter. and my timeline &gt ;&gt ;'
b'i am excited i will be off school for a week. good grinning face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am fairly certain our upstairs neighbors are elephants'
b'i am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly because i like you'
b'i am having a great day since i got to skip first class because it was homework help then i got a ride to school 3 this day is awesome 3'
b"your segment last night directed a trump is trending on facebook right now. i think he'll definitely see it lol"
b"i wish they all stayed an extra 2 -3 years. but unfortunately that's not happening. as for position, love guys who do not have one"
b'i am literally so sarcastic all the time that when i use the tag even i dont know how to feel'
b'i am literally the biggest creep there is loudly crying face'
b'i am literally the worlds all time best bser on essays. just finished an entire ethnography in less than 3 hours.'
b'i am living for my frnds.. for you :*'
b'hey your station popped up first on my pandora this morning... good way to start a foggy thursday! have a grrreat day'
b'i am a right'
b'" : look who i got to hang out with today for smiling face with heart shaped eyes "'
b"i am off work for today good only a little tired but thankfully not sick! everyone i'd coughing around me n i do not like it!"
b'i am randomly sitting here doing science while typing this random post'
b'i am slowly learning that some people are not good for me, no matter how much i love them.'
b'i am soaking wet because i didnt bring my umbrella to school. _.'
b'i am so done with school can it just be christmas break already'
b'i am so excited that when i wake up will be fully downloaded can not wait to listen to the rest of this amazing album'
b'i am so grateful for all the ways i can eat potatoes'
b'i am so grateful for my car i remember i used to hate it when it rained cuz my socks would get wet when i walked home from school'
b'i am so happy i have u2 on my phone'
b'i am so happy today'
b'i am so mad that i couldnt get tickets to concert ahghgsjgdjdvs expressionless face pensive face \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'i am soo fab'
b'i am sooo glad i was young, wild & crazy before there were cell phones & evidence.'
b'i am so tired after dance practice. gonna crash before doing homework.'
b'i am so tired of waking up with migraines. i really think i need to make another doctors appointment.'
b'i am so used to literally doing work from 7 am to midnight 7 days a week that college is literally like vacationing. but yeah'
b'good for rude people teaching the more difficult classes'
b'i am that type of douchebag friend who does not talk with you for months but still cares about you and hopes you still care too'
b'i am the most stressed out laziest person ever i do not even know how i do it'
b'i am thoroughly fucked up thanks'
b'i am who i am. i am weird, i am lame, i run into things, i spill food, i trip, i scream about random & stupid stuff. but i like it that way.'
b'ian cole got an assist on perron\'s goal. so and i indeed yelled " love you ian cole.. " face with tears of joy'
b'nothing like an un-toasted subway to get you through the day.'
b"and so what if he is? doctors aren't slaves. should they have to be in work during all waking hours? are you?"
b'i apologize for tweeting something that offends you lol girls who dip are so attractive'
b"i apologize to every puppy that i havent petted yet and i'll be there soon pal"
b'i applaud people who get up and get dressed because i stay in my pajamas all day unless i \xc2\x92m going out'
b'i appreciate all your effort with this.'
b'i appreciate people that are patient with me while i am distant and trying to figure myself out'
b'i appreciate the amount of milk left in the carton.'
b'i appreciate when people ask how i am feeling because it not only shows they care, but also, that they think i can still feel'
b"i appreciate where i grew up, but the small town bullshit isn't for me anymore. ready to finish school, start my life, and make money. \xf0\x9f\xa4\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xbc"
b'i asked my roommate what\'s wrong with me, she responds " i do not know ". that\'s a good friend, folks.'
b'i ask my dates the important questions upfront like " are you cool with a harry potter themed wedding? "'
b'i ask my parents a simple " yes " or " no " question and i get a fucking lecture.'
b'i ate gummy bears and did not bite off their heads or make screaming noises as they entered my mouth and i think this means i am an adult now.'
b'i automatically say " shit " when something wrong happens.'
b'i been waiting on your love baby for too long now'
b'i before e except when you run a feisty heist on a weird beige foreign neighbor.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f being ignored by people. especially people who are my friends unamused face'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f being ignored smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i believe in equality. if we have a 5 day week of school, we should have 5 day weekends as well.. you know so we can get all our work done.'
b'i believe in equality. if we have five days of school, then we should have five day weekends as well.'
b'i believe in hate at first sight'
b'i belong on a beach with messy hair, tanned skin, and a big bowl of fruit watching the waves'
b"i be scared to open my car door when it's windy weary face hoping i do not hit another car"
b'i bet all the other glues are really jealous of super glue.'
b"i bet anyone who's had to fight a bear has snuck at least one hug in."
b'i bet chinese people hate doing the ymca in their language.'
b'i be tired working back to back plus school but i love having weekends off lol'
b'i bet jesus wishes he could block some of his followers.'
b'i bet kangaroos get drunk and find some ridiculous shit in their pouches in the morning.'
b"i bet only 15% of people make it to heaven, because if they all went, it'd be hell."
b"i bet our universe is just in a tiny glass jar placed on a shelf in an alien child's room as a science project he got a c - onyea i am high"
b'i bet short people get really excited when they accidentally hit their head on things.'
b'i bet that in prison everyone\'s fb relationship status is set to " it\'s complicated ".'
b'i bet the frankincense guy was all like, " let\'s put the three items in one gift basket and the basket can be from all of us. "'
b'i bet the nsa stopped monitoring your phone records after seeing they were all drunk dials to exes at 4 a. m.'
b"i bet uprising is so sick live like it's kinda eh when you hear it on album but live"
b'i bet when cheetahs race and one of them cheats, the other one goes " man, you\'re such a cheetah! " and they laugh & eat a zebra or whatever.'
b'i bet your lil bf would like that. lol'
b'i blame picasso for all these women who use markers to draw on their eyebrows.'
b'i bought leggings. betcha i am totally going to do all the things on the package.'
b"i bought new cough syrup for my gross cough i've had and apparently i am allergic to it so i've been covered in hives for 14 hours"
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f breakouts'
b"i burnt my chin & it's starting to blister this morning so that's fun"
b"i burnt myself on my hair straightener so that's fun smile"
b'i burnt two fingers and my thumb today at work. fun.'
b"i called my aunt out for yelling and blasting music and she said she was just talking yeah ok if that's what the kids are calling it now"
b'i called somebody " love " tonight.. am i a charmer or what smiling face with horns'
b'i call in sick on full moons just to make them wonder.'
b'i call my car " the pussy wagon " cause that\'s where i go when i need to cry.'
b'i call my penis " the treadmill " because it has not been used in years and now clothes just hang on it'
b'i came back earlier from school and i just want to sleep the whole day but need to learn biology good me'
b'i can actually learn more in six hours on the internet than six hours in a filthy school'
b"i can already tell it's going to be a fun day in art"
b'i can already tell that tomorrow is going to piss me off. 9 -5 in uni? no thanks.'
b"i can be either be the nicest gentleman or the biggest asshole you've ever met. it just all depends on how you treat me."
b"i can be sobbing in front of you with a broken heart and i'll still crack a joke"
b'i can be : weird silly serious quiet outgoing wild sweet funny kind dramatic sarcastic creative romantic but really, i am just me.'
b"i canceled the dispute if you can put my credits into my account that'd be great thanks bro"
b'i can count on one hand how many people i truly trust.'
b'i can easily be friends with a ex lol my feelings built for that shit fr'
b'i can hear my annoying neighbor singing and dancing on new song " jag ghumeya ", i hope he does not break his leg " - my neighbor'
b'i can literally go on and rant for like 8days straight. \xe2\x9c\x8band if still be right raised hand'
b'i can literally smell frat on the kid next to me'
b'i can literally tell which one of my family members is coming up the stairs or walking around the house just from their footsteps.'
b'i can not stand david letterman, funny'
b'i can not wait to babysit natalie and libby today'
b'i can not wait to drink some hot tea so this cough can go away'
b'i can not wait to finish this last year of highschool then move on to college to reach my goals'
b'i can not wait until thanksgiving break. only 3 more days of class'
b'i can remember song lyrics from 2006 but not whatever maths formula we were learning yesterday'
b'i can see exactly 6 years into the future. i have 2020 vision.'
b'i can see in the near future where we would have rehab centres to get rid of social networks addiction.'
b'i can see my a already'
b'i can see today is going to be awesome!'
b'i can see why we took out rasmus.'
b'i can send you a text at 12:04 & be asleep by 12:05 face with tears of joy'
b'i can not be left alone because then i think and when i think i start to hate the people i love.'
b'i can not believe i did not get a tony nomination for my performance in " pretending to hold the elevator while secretly pressing \'close door. \' "'
b"i can not believe it's almost 2014"
b"i can not believe it's been almost a year since the world ended in 2012"
b'i can not believe that my fb friends yelled at me for not being on for a while, gotta love that bunch, lol'
b"i can not believe the world ended a year ago... wow time flies when you're dead."
b'i can not breathe out of my nose and my phone will not turn on. today is gonna be such a good day!'
b'i cant deal with people slurping their drink or chewing really loudly tired face'
b'i can tell already work is going to be fab today!'
b'i can tell today is gonna be a really good day'
b'i can not even describe how excited i am to go cook noodles for 3 hours'
b'i can not even keep up with all of the inconsistencies... there are so many. idk how adnan was ever convicted. wow.'
b"i can not even talk bout it to anyone bc everyoen will just tell me i am overthinking and it's nothing like that no one even understands"
b'i can not even wait to go sit at this meeting at the highschool'
b'i can not fathom how long it took cavemen to etch selfies'
b'i can not get out of bed. these blankets have accepted me as one of their own and if i leave now i might lose their trust.'
b'i can not go a day without listening to music.'
b'i can not go to school mom. the blankets have accepted me as one of their own. if i leave now i might lose their trust.'
b'i can not go to school tomorrow i am sick sick of these niggas.'
b'i can not go to sleep if any of my apps need to be updated, but will drive my car with the check engine light until it explodes'
b"i can not hear you, so i'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question."
b'i can not help it though'
b'i cant lie, yeah im out on the east, the east side'
b"i can totally keep secrets. it's the people i tell them to that can't."
b"i can not promise you a perfect relationship, but what i can promise you is that if you're trying, i am staying."
b'i can not register for classes until tomorrow and 4 out of my 6 classes are full smile love life'
b'i can not remember the last time i straightened my hair... gave my straightener and curling iron to my coworker.'
b'i can not sing... does not mean i wont.'
b'i can not sleep again and i have a test first class in the morning great'
b'i can not sleep because i am excited for taking my braces off, but i must sleep as i have to wake up really early. that kind of thing'
b'i can not sleep so i am finding old tweets. thrilling life i lead!'
b"i can not stand a cute lame nigga. like ugh. why'd you just waste all this goodness being so dumb tired face face with cold sweat"
b'i can not stand all those annoying girls who think that being stupid is cute.'
b"i can not stand it when people do not know the difference between your and you're. there so stupid."
b'i can not study anymore five hours later and 1/4 done'
b'i can not take this long distance relationship anymore! this refrigerator is going in my room!'
b"i can not talk this morning. that's cool"
b'i can not thank you guys enough for all the love and support this past week. i am overwhelmed & grateful. thank you!'
b'i can not wait for all the closeted gays at my school to finally come out'
b"i can not wait for everyone to have kids so i can babysit everyone's babies smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'i can not wait for family pictures this weekend'
b'i cant wait for infinite showtime. tbh im hoping infinite will show us their rooms cough cough their mess rooms grinning face'
b"i can not wait for kyle's nephew to get here. smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes we've already got the okay to babysit"
b'i can not wait for my date later smiling face with smiling eyes my roommate gonna babysit my new son for me face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait for my learning framework class today \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f flushed face loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait for school tomorrow to find this kid'
b"i can not wait for senior ropes for mr. livoni to say the f word in front of me like he's my friend."
b'i can not wait for the day where i can go to sleep without having to cough continuously for five hours first'
b'i can not wait to babysit baby melo loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes i never thought laura would ask'
b'i can not wait to babysit middle schoolers all day in a few hours'
b'i can not wait to babysit my bby niece this saturday'
b'i can not wait to babysit my kiddos again loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i cant wait to babysit these kids they are so fun to be around'
b'i can not wait to become the next big mistake in history'
b'i cant wait to be done w highschool'
b'i cant wait to cook for hours on thanksgiving wow i love thanksgiving loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait to end the night in bed with lalo watching episodes of drunk history already'
b'i cant wait to get up and violently bump into my piano tomorrow morning'
b'i can not wait to go home and have some german meals. *cough* pork and sauerkraut.'
b'i cant wait to go home at 5'
b'i can not wait to go to class and talk about htgawm with my friends tomorrow that shit has me on edge'
b'i can not wait to go to work on my birthday.'
b'i can not wait to have kids, the ones i babysit are so fun lmao'
b'i can not wait to have you inside me, " i whispered softly to my dinner.'
b"i can not wait to hear history live in person it's going to be life changing"
b'i can not wait to leave so i can cough my lungs out and die'
b'i can not wait to move in with the love of my life and have sleepovers every night \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa. i crave cuddles way to often'
b'i can not wait to read american history books in 40yrs and not read about how the u. s. refused refuge to thousands because of their religion'
b'i can not wait to smoke w hijji & watch this nigga cough forever face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i can not wait to spend the rest of my day in the watson library catching up'
b'i cant wait to start school. i miss paul mitchelll!'
b'i can not wait to start school'
b'i can not wait to start watching this! hey, those history major wwii classes may be put to good use.'
b'i can not wait to take my children to cuba! so much history and incredible people'
b'i can not wait to update my personal phone to ios8 from ios8 gm. this should be epic.'
b'i cant wait to wear only underwear around the house with the person i love'
b'i can not waitttt to be done with school! only four more years though good'
b'i can not wait until babysit next monday so then i can officially start buying christmas presents bc i have a ton of cash money mouth face'
b'i can not wait until i can drive to make sure i get myself to dance class on time'
b'i can not wait until i can once again cough or sneeze without peeing my pants a little loudly crying face'
b'i can not wait until this semesters over. i am tired of this english class man. hope this is my last paper.'
b'i can not with all these spoilers. in class officially signing off because i have to wait until tomorrow to watch.'
b'i care, but i am done trying'
b'i care lots about what i look like today.'
b'icarly should have ended by her waking up from a coma and drake and josh calling her megan.'
b'i caught another maybe half hour of sleep. well that will have to be good enough! time for awake!'
b'ice cream and mashed potatoes. my kind of dinner i want real food loudly crying face'
b'ice -t narrated a d &d book and it is literally the greatest thing i have ever heard'
b"i changed all my passwords to 'incorrect '. so my computer just tells me when i forget."
b'does your ramen have any msg? id love to try your food but have to be careful do to an allergy. thanks!'
b'i chose a great time to get sick'
b'i cld b the nxt selena, i jus need a big ass, learn how 2 sing, learn 2 dance, & learn spanish but other than tht i think i got it face with tears of joy'
b'i closed my dms now, i wanna do this one a week or every 2 weeks or something i really like talking to you guys grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"i close my eyes for a second and then wake up and i've slept for two hours."
b"i come home and no food has been cooked, it's sunday."
b"i come home an the house smells like lobster... an my mom looks like she got the itis... but there's no food unamused face"
b"i come home from work to no food. guess i'll just have to die now"
b'i constantly check my phone for no reason.'
b'i constantly go between being extremely anxious about all the things i have to do and literally not giving a sh*t. there is no in between.'
b'i cough a few more times tell her i love her and proceed to hang up... she says " wait kypree... you love me right " i said " yea bae you knw i do'
b'i could amaze you with the things i do not know and terrify you with the things i do know.'
b"i could be a billionaire and i'd still choose to illegally download music."
b"i could be locked in a room with no tv, phone, or internet access and i'd probably still not do my homework."
b'i could chill at my boyfriends house & he can spend on me & i would be happy asf. yall girls crazy.'
b'i could go ahead but she asked me to show my pic.'
b'i could literally crawl up in a ball and cry today.'
b'i could literally teach this math class'
b'i could not fall asleep listening to music but if i listen to jbs album, it makes me fall asleep and i love it'
b"i couldn't even finish my own boater's safety course online... does dr. a really expect me to finish this training without help?"
b"i could probably be an atheist if it wasn't for the fact that i am a sex god."
b'i could sit and watch people cook for hours and hours'
b'i could sleep for 2 weeks straight and still be tired'
b"i cry when i am angry and that's the very worst thing because you're trying to act tough and mean and instead you cry."
b'i see you got diggs too, picked him up right before he exploded, been great except last week'
b'always knows how to capture me in the most attractive photos and videos...'
b'i dated a guy a long time ago and apparently he just got out of serving a year and a half in jail. maybe i should text him.'
b"i'd be excited about getting out of work right meow but i have to wait to drive 2 hrs to & from the airport only to wake up 5 hrs later. fuck"
b"i'd be more upset about the nsa accessing my phone records if i used my phone for anything but texting and taking pictures of my dick."
b"i'd care more about your feelings if they came with a toy and chicken nuggets."
b"idc if my ex upgrades or downgrades.. what they do after me isn't my business. when i am past you, i am past you"
b'idc if you dont fuck with me! i am not losing sleep or money relieved face'
b"i'd drink a lot less alcohol if a lot less alcohol got me drunk."
b'i deadass just got excited butterflies thinking about how ill be able to listen to music when i wake up'
b'i deal with my personal problems the same way i study for tests i do not'
b"i decided i am not doing the whole clock-back routine this year. if you need me, i'll be in the frickin future."
b'i decided that bc i deleted yik yak i am now going to tweet everything i normally would yak. i am'
b'i decided to cancel my twitter account. i dont want to sound paranoid, but im pretty sure people are following me.'
b'i decided to greet my coworkers with a " congrats on not dying in your sleep " instead of the usual " good morning "'
b'i delete a tweet if i spell something wrong and fuck you if you saw it.'
b"i deserve someone who actually gives a fuck about me because i've spent my whole life making other people happy and all they did was leave"
b'idgaf = i do not give away food.'
b'idgi, is it good or bad to be able to beat the moron test app?'
b"i'd give my left nut to have a third testicle, but i'd give my right arm to be an octopus!"
b"i'd give my right arm for a copy of godzilla soundtrack on cd. the quality on youtube playlists is painful."
b"i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous."
b"i'd give my right arm to go to a coldplay concert"
b"i'd give my right arm to hear and do a song together"
b"i'd give my right arm to see justin on the believe tour again omg"
b"i'd go to the gym but i am still tinkering with the ultimate workout playlist i started three years ago."
b"i'd have better people skills if i worked with better people."
b'i did in the bed. i did it on the couch. i did it in the car. texting is such an obsession.'
b'i did not choose the harry potter life ; the harry potter life broke down the door and told me i was a wizard'
b'i did not even study for these test i have tomorrow great'
b'i did not kno i was an ungrateful bitch, but i am glad you told me relieved face'
b'i did not know if i should do something or not and then a car drove by blasting yeah by usher so of course i am gunna listen to usher'
b"i did not sign up for the 401k at work, because there's no way i can run that far."
b'i did not sleep last night i couldn\'t be bothered " amelia sleeping isn\'t a chore it\'s a gift'
b"i did not think i'd ever not love pizza hut (and that's not even sarcasm ; was favorite pizza of my childhood ) but"
b'i didnt wanna wake up i dont wanna go to school i dont wanna see you people or you teachers i just wanna sleep'
b'i did so good in math this trimester'
b'i did so much for mexicos independence day today. pensive face'
b'\xe2\x80\xa2 i did the salt and ice challenge and burnt off my freckles'
b'i die a little inside when i see an old person eating alone at a restaurant.'
b"totally agree like they're the ones that are hearing new songs from the album live like wtf you complaining about"
b'idk 40% of me is like yeah i can be an adult and 60% of me just wants to lay in bed blasting welcome to my life with smudged eyeliner idk'
b'idk how i am gonna make it through 4 classes today without falling asleep. thank goodness staying up for the colts was worth it. unamused face'
b'idk how people have time for all this fun stuff in the summer. where are ur responsibilities? how do you get money? do you not sleep?'
b"idk how y'all can sneak out & actually have fun bc if it was me id be stressin all night dying to get my ass back home before i got caught face with tears of joy"
b"i'd kick you in the vagina but i do not wanna lose my shoe."
b'idk if i am bitter for having been awake and continue to be so ; or if i am absolutely delighted i have an hour left to myself'
b'i\'d kill for a microwave that plays europe\'s " the final countdown " during the last 30 seconds.'
b'idk whats easier training a dog or training a person to not be difficult'
b"idk whats going on in my algebra 2 class rn but that's ok but at least i am trying my best and not stressing my self pun over a grade"
b'idk why i even bother gettin crushes on people because its not like im gonna end up dating them anyway so like its such a waste of feelings.'
b'idk why people slut shame, i love hearing peoples hoe stories, i love hearing " guess what i did " bitch whattttt you do?'
b"idk why you chose this sus ass emoji but you're honestly an awesome person all around. you've literally done my homework before so i"
b"i'd like to buy a new boomerang. also, i'd like to know how to throw the old one away."
b"i'd like to give a shout out to all the people who text me for a minute then stop responding. you make dreams a reality"
b"i'd like to take a moment to thank all of the people who got me sick recently, i appreciate you"
b"i'd like to thank you for being a fake friend"
b"i'd love it if people did not piss me off today, thanks"
b"i'd love to install a software that would block all th mentions/photos of that sick puke donald trump. why did i even name him?"
b"i'd much rather be sat at home watching i am a celebrity, but instead i am sleeping in the middle of no where in the lorry \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xf0\x9f\x9a\x9b"
b'i\'d never bang a black chick, not \'cause i am racist it\'s just that i am more of a " run my fingers through her hair " kinda guy.'
b"i'd never call you a useless bag of shit. shit is actually pretty useful as a fertilizer, but i have zero uses for you."
b"i'd never tell anyone to go to hell but i might suggest a carnival cruise."
b'i dnt any one coz even my is my'
b"i do it because i can, i can because i want to, i want to because you said i couldn't."
b'i do like 2 minutes of studying 15 minute of eating complaining :))'
b'i done fucked up i have not a clue what i am doing with youtube gaming. thanks to take 2 will be in a matter of minutes'
b'i do not enjoy being woken up especially when it took me 15 years to fuckin fall asleep'
b'i do not even have a sleep schedule anymore its just a gigantic mess'
b'i do not miss wearing my hair i love getting up and going'
b'i do not recommend cycling in the rain weary face'
b'i do not always have time to study... but when i do, i do not'
b'i do not always talk to people with swag, but when i do... i ask for large fries.'
b'i do not argue with people who i can remove from my life by pressing a button.'
b'i dont ask for a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. instead, i ask for mouth hugs.'
b'i do not believe anyone who says they understand how to play minesweeper.'
b'i dont care about looks " liar you\'re a liar you are lying'
b"i do not care about losing people who do not wanna be in my life anymore, i've lost people who meant the world to me and i am doing just fine."
b"i do not care about rumors, i know what i've said and done."
b'i do not care about this dumb show i am gonna go watch cute boys kiss each other'
b"i do not care about your - age - weight - sexuality - height - gender - skin color as long as you respect me, i'll respect you"
b'i do not care how cold it is i will still drink iced coffee'
b"i do not care how loud i am laughing, i am having fun and you're not."
b'i dont care how mad you are at someone do not throw them under the bus for personal stuff that they trusted you with'
b'i do not care how old i am. if i lose my mom in the store i will panic.'
b"i do not care how old you are. when the ketchup bottle farts, it's funny."
b'i do not care how small that spider is. i want it dead.'
b"i do not care if it's 1am, 2am 3am, or 4am if you call and i care about you i will answer"
b"i do not care if it's a kidnapping/murder ; if you tell me a monkey will be involved, i am 97% more likely to participate."
b"i do not care if people do not like me. i wasn't put on this earth to entertain anyone."
b'i do not care if people do not like me the point is... do i like them?'
b'i do not care if you think i am crazy. life is too short to be normal.'
b"i dont care if you think my man is ugly. he's my man not yours. hes ugly to you but fine as fuck to me and thats all that matters."
b"i do not care if you wear footie pj's or sleep with a snuggie. if you swish listerine in your mouth for the full 30 seconds, you are badass."
b'i dont care " i say when i fucking care too much'
b"i do not care what my child grows up to be, as long as it's not a person who comments on youtube videos."
b'i do not care what people think of me... at least mosquitoes find me attractive.'
b'i do not care what you heard. try asking first.'
b'i do not care what your gender is, i am calling you dude.'
b'i do not dress up for school because 1. i have no one to impress 2. it starts too early 3. i am lazy'
b'i do not even feel like a " friend " to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something.'
b'i do not even know the stats hw'
b'i do not even like painting im forced bc school woo good'
b"i do not even like texting but when you wanna talk to that person you b checking your phone like a mf. irritated as hell when a msg ain't there"
b'i do not even need to insult you. your face speaks for itself.'
b'i do not even want to attempt to listen to adele new album bc then i will not be able to sleep'
b'i do not expect a guy to be on his phone textin me 24/7 but i do not want a guy that only talks to me for 5 minutes a day'
b'i dont follow tradition and neither did my father or his father before him.'
b'i do not get drunk, i get able to tolerate other people.'
b'i do not get how my room gets so messy when all i do is sit in one spot and go on the internet all day.'
b'i do not get how people enjoy working out? the moment i feel out of breath i quit tbh i am not about to die i can not do it'
b'i do not get how you take 3 hours to get ready and still leave your house looking like a basic bitch'
b"i do not get schools. if you have a broken leg you do not have to do pe, but if you have social anxiety you're forced to do public speaking"
b"i do not get why people find drunk texts annoying. you're the person they're thinking of when their brain can not even function properly."
b'i dont get why people tell other people to calm down like wtf if im mad and you tell me to calm down ill throw a brick at your face'
b'i do not get why sully blames mike for getting kicked out of the scaring program ; he was failing to begin with.'
b'i do not hate you. i just do not exactly appreciate your existence.'
b"i do not hate you, i am just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be."
b'i do not hate you. i am just not necessarily excited about your existence.'
b"i do not have 40 years to wait, so i'll just use all the roads as is."
b'i do not have a comeback so i am just going to correct your grammar and spelling.'
b'i do not have a dirty mind, i have a sexy imagination'
b"i do not have a drinking problem, i just celebrate everything! like the fact that shirts have armholes! i'll be celebrating that tonight."
b"i do not have an attitude problem... you have a problem with my attitude... that's your problem, not mine."
b'i do not have a nervous system. i am a nervous system'
b'i do not have any tattoos because i am not of fan of pain or commitment. pretty much the same reasons i am not in a relationship.'
b'i do not have a short temper, i just have a quick reaction to bullshit.'
b'i do not have a smartphone.. i have a phone that shows potential, but refuses to apply its self.'
b'i do not have a type. if i like you, i like you.'
b'i do not have ex\'s! i have y\'s. like " y the hell did i date you?! "'
b'i do not have health insurance, but i do have car insurance. so whenever i get sick i just go crash my car into a tree.'
b'i dont have issues with trust or anything like that i have issues with people wasting my time'
b'i do not have school or work tomorrow so i am gonna be active 3 good'
b"i do not have time for people who think they're too good for mcdonalds"
b'i do not have time to hate anyone, i either love you or do not care at all'
b'i do not have time to hate the people that hate me because i am too busy loving people who love me. (\xe2\x97\x95\xe2\x80\xbf\xe2\x97\x95\xe2\x9c\xbf)'
b'i do not have to go to school today smile yay.'
b'i do not hold grudges. we good. you may not hear from me again... but we good.'
b'i do not insult people, i describe them.'
b'i do not just sing in the shower... i perform.'
b'i do not know how anybody runs for fun.'
b'i do not know how my brother sleeps for four hours after school every day. i feel like i am wasting part of my day if i sleep for a half hour'
b"i do not know how people approach to their crush... i mean i do not even have the guts to ask for a extra ketchup at mcdonald's."
b'i do not know how people can fake whole relationships... i can not even fake a hello to somebody i do not like.'
b'i do not know how people have such adventurous summers. i am here like " i got work tomorrow and the day after that and after that'
b'i do not know how people sit under a hair dryer loudly crying face'
b"i do not know if i can date you, we're only linked by two social networks."
b"i do not know if i am crying because tracy chapman's music is so great or because i am failing tomorrow's exam."
b'i do not know if i should tip the bathroom attendant, or charge for letting him watch'
b'i do not know, man. nothing like that fresh out the shower feeling'
b'i dont know whats more annoying, hot chicks who will not shut up about how ugly they are or ugly girls who will not shut up about how hot they are'
b'i dont know where im gonna be five years from now, but i pray to god its somewhere with a beautiful view and beside you'
b'i do not know which face to talk to, since you have two.'
b'i do not know why i even bother getting crushes on ppl bc its not like i am going to end up dating them anyway, its such a waste of feelings'
b'i do not know why i love, but i always know why i hate.'
b'i do not know why i am losing sleep over this, like for real.'
b'i do not know why people freak out and run when they see a spider. they are just gonna climb in your mouth when you are sleeping anyways.'
b'i do not know why people take me so seriously. i never even know what i am saying.'
b"i do not know why ya'll are going to church. god is busy monitoring facebook to make sure everyone is sharing and liking those jesus photos."
b"i do not know why you're always talking about yourself to me. why not ask how i am doing? i am doing great, thanks for asking."
b'i dont like drama " says the bitch who makes the most drama.'
b'i dont like fucking with certain people because i know not everyone has the best intentions for me'
b"i do not like my food to touch, i know it's weird cause it all goes down the same but i just can not it feels weird weary face"
b'i do not like people who hate certain group of people. but i get along very well with people who hate everybody equally.'
b'i do not like when people are jerks in real life but i love when people are jerks on jeopardy'
b'i do not like when people stare at me. unless ur cute you can stare if ur cute.'
b'i do not mean to be a downer, but imagine if all the money spent on elaborate fireworks displays was instead given to me.'
b'i do not mean to interrupt people i just randomly remember things and get really excited i am sorry'
b'i do not need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends i can be certain of.'
b'i do not need a perfect relationship, i just need someone who will not give up on me.'
b'i do not need a perfect relationship. i want a true and loyal one.'
b'i do not need a " previously on... " i\'ve been watching this show for nine hours straight'
b'i dont need a valentine i need 8 million dollars and a fast metabolism'
b'i do not need to associate with people who say fag/faggot'
b'i do not need to control my anger. everybody around me needs to control their habit of pissing me off.'
b'i do not need to do an ab workout, i sneezed 3 times really hard earlier.'
b"i do not normally chase after boys but if he's over 6ft and has good hair then a bitch might just powerwalk"
b'i dont owe anyone an explanation for the things i say or do'
b"i do not plan on texting for a long time. if it's not helping my pockets it's a waste of text"
b'i do not really feel like doing anything to my hair but getting caught in the rain then taking that nap with no scarf says otherwise weary face'
b'i do not really have feelings until 2 am and then i get sad about everything'
b'i do not really have feelings until night time, then i get sad about everything.'
b"i do not really know where i stand in people's lives... one minute they treat me like i am someone special, then nothing the next."
b'i do not really talk to a lot of people anymore.'
b"i do not run. in fact, if you see me running, you better follow because it's likely something is chasing me."
b'i do not see how anyone could dislike morning traffic that makes you late for school. white up pointing backhand index'
b'i do not see how people kiss they dogs. my dog be over here licking his own dick'
b'i do not see why everybody wants a white iphone. everyone knows the black one runs faster.'
b'i do not send dick pics because i am a gentleman and do not want to use up your entire data plan with a file that large.'
b"i do not stalk. i just update myself on what's going on in people's lives."
b'i do not think boys understand that girls stalking skills are sooo strong that we can literally find out ur entire autobiography in 12 mins'
b'i do not think i can reach an ultimate level of calm any other way than cleaning my room'
b'i do not think i could ever stab someone. i can barely get the straw in the capri sun.'
b"i do not think i'll be able to make it through a whole day tomorrow at school without breaking down. so that's cool."
b'i do not think playing catch with the kid was the problem so much as the fact that i kept dropping them'
b'i do not think stupid people understand how much effort goes into not punching them in the face'
b'i do not think we can ever truly heal if we do not stop this endless blame game about who exactly released those dogs.'
b"i do not think y'all understand how excited i am for bts ' comeback like i wasn't here for pt. 1 so this is just. hurting."
b"i do not understand. are you interested in literature? that's interesting. please tell me more about yourself."
b'i do not understand banks. how they have chains on their pens, i am trusting them with money so why do not they trust me with pens?'
b'i do not understand banks. why do they attach chains to their pens. if i am trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen.'
b'i do not understand how my room gets so messy when i literally sit in one spot with my phone and laptop all day'
b"i do not understand interventions. what's the point of being told i drink too much by a room full of reasons why i drink in the first place?"
b"i do not understand. i want to talk about literature. that's interesting. please tell me more about yourself."
b'i dont understand people who dont listen to music how do you survive?are you ok?'
b'i do not understand people who only sleep with one pillow.'
b"i do not understand why i put myself out there. i have the best luck with dating i shouldn't have to."
b'i do not understand why people feel the need to brag. stay humble and shut up. no one cares.'
b'i do not understand why people get angry someone breaks up w/ them by text. i used to break up with people by just never talking to them again'
b'i do not understand why people need to do drugs or party in order to have fun like have you tried mac n cheese'
b"i do not usually lose my phone.. but when i do it's on silent."
b"i do not usually share personal things and feelings, so if i share them with you, it's because i trust you and because i care about you"
b'i dont wanna be famous for the money i wanna be famous so i can be friends with other famous people (and the money )'
b'i dont wanna go to college i wanna go to concerts'
b'i do not wanna love anyone else the way i loved him... i do not have time for the heartbreak'
b"i do not wanna say i am better than everybody, but i was at the gym at 7 am today. so it's hard for me to not say that."
b'i dont want 8 classes tomorrow and start with pe like bitcj school calm the fuck down i hateyou so muhchhcks'
b'i do not want a sugar daddy but can i have like a sugar auntie? just a sweet old woman who gives me money cuz she believes in me'
b'i do not want my relationship to be perfect, i want it to be worth it :'
b'i dont want socialism or reverse socialism, crony capitalism is not free market.. i want a small govt'
b'i do not want to ask because i am scared of the answer'
b"i do not want to get carried away here but these security guards aren't really giving me a choice."
b'i dont want to get caught lol'
b'i dont want to go to school tomorrow \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e classes always feel longer on fridays'
b'i do not want whatever i want. nobody does. not really. what kind of fun would it be if i just got'
b'i do not want you back, but i do want to stop this new person from making you happy.'
b'i do not want you to wait for me, i am not coming home \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i doubt vodka is the answer but its worth a shot'
b'i do what i want, when i want, wherever i want... as long as my mom says its ok'
b'i\'d prefer " baby i am busy right now, i\'ll call you as soon as i get the chance, i love u. " rather than a text 5hours later with some bs excuse'
b"i'd probably buy a lot more dvds if they stopped wrapping them in indestructible witch-plastic."
b"i'd rather be slapped in the face by a real friend than hugged by a fake one."
b'i\'d rather fail at trying, than succeed at doing nothing. " happy wednesday! it may be a wet one, but you can still make it a great one!'
b'i dreamed you bought me a pizza and you said i am the best sister ever \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.'
b'i drive 30 minutes to take an exam only for my professor to say he does not have copies and for me to take it next week. great.'
b'i drive without a license or permit & your excuse is that your license got taken away? lol ok face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i dropped out of school so i can become a pok\xc3\xa9mon trainer!'
b'i drove to school just to find out both my classes are cancelled today, good'
b'i drown my charger the other day and now it will not charge my phone. looks like i have to go out and buy a new cord.'
b"i'd save a lot more money on car insurance if they quit spending billions on advertising."
b"i'd say go to hell, but i do not want to see you again."
b"i'd say the biggest difference between 2chainz & me is that all he wants for his birthday is a big booty hoe, & id prefer a target gift card"
b"i'd tell you a great time travel joke... but you did not like it."
b"i dunno if she's dumb or just a bitch. luckily she's cute. and i like her in twenty three. lol"
b'i blue heart eating in the dining hall alone'
b'i eat lunch in my car and use starbucks as my office multiple times a week. my job is so glamorous'
b'i eat what you eat in 10 years, in 2 days - rick ross'
b'i either cry or turn into a psychopath when i am mad there is no in-between'
b'i either dress like im going to a red carpet event or like im a homeless drug addict there is no in between'
b'i either eat 20 meals a day or forget to eat at all there is literally nothing in between'
b'i either eat nothing or eat everything. there is no in between.'
b'i either get a 90 on a test or a 34 there is no in between'
b'i either read for 4 hours straight or dont read for 4 months there is no in between'
b'i end all my texts with < ;3 because my ball sack always wears a party hat.'
b'i enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.'
b'i enjoy sitting next to you...'
b'i enjoy tweeting and not getting a reply'
b'i envy people who can go to sleep seconds after closing their eyes'
b"i exercise by running up the street, knocking on all the doors. jehovah's fitness."
b'i exercise. i do one sit up everyday when i get out of bed in the morning.'
b'if 2016 me knew 2010 me then i would hate myself face with tears of joy'
b"if a cop pulls over a you -haul, he's trying to bust a move."
b'if a girl asks you about another specific girl, do not even bother lying. she already knows'
b"if a girl mentions it more than once, it's bothering her"
b'if a girl receives a compliment/ gets hit on & does not inform twitter about it, did it really happen?!'
b"if a girl says bye when she's mad at you, you do not say bye back are you dumb"
b"if a girl sleeps with 20 guys she's called a slut but if a guy does it... he's probably gay.. yep.. gay"
b"if a girl's mad she'll go on twitter and find something to retweet she relates to in under 7 seconds"
b'if a guy calls you princess in a condescending manner assert your newly appointed royal status and have him beheaded.'
b"i failed my driver's test. driving teacher : 'what do you do at a red light?' me : 'i usually respond to texts and check my facebook. '"
b'i fake sleep when my family members come in my room so they do not talk to me.'
b'i fall asleep and wake up excited then i remember and then i say nvm'
b"if a man says you're ugly he's being mean. if a woman says you're ugly she's envious. if a little kid says you're ugly, you're ugly."
b"if a mugger ever asks me to draw an uppercase cursive q or he'll shoot, tell my family i died a hero."
b"if a nigga ain't losing sleep over you why is you losing sleep over him?"
b'if an officer says, anything you say will be taken down & used as evidence your answer should always be, please do not hit me again officer.'
b"if anyone could read my mind i am pretty sure they'd be traumatized for life."
b"if anyone ever read me and my girlfriends conversations they'd probably think we hate each other"
b"if anyone is interested in trading some sex for nachos, let me know. i'll bring either the sex or the nachos"
b'if anyone offers you drugs say thank you, because drugs are expensive.'
b'i farted and it smells like a hong kong meat market at 5 on a hot day'
b'i farted in the apple store the other day and everyone got pissed. not my fault they do not have windows.'
b'i farted so loud in front of the twins i babysit. can not wait until they tell their dad'
b'if a special needs child walks into class late, is it still appropriate to call them " tardy "?'
b'if at first you do not succeed... so much for skydiving.'
b'if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, then have we found the perfect location for a nickelback concert?'
b'if by " cat person " you mean i like to sleep all day, hate most people, & thrive on the internet, then yes. i am a cat person.'
b'if by d you mean dessert, then yes i want the d. i want the d right now.'
b'if caterpillars are able to sleep for a long time and come out prettier why cant i'
b"if cinderella's shoe fit perfectly.. why did it fall off in the first place?"
b'if climate change causes terrorism, do not we have like a trillion years to wait isis out?'
b"if couples who are in love are called 'love birds ', then couples who always argue should be called 'angry birds. '"
b"if crying could make me lose weight i'd always be in shape"
b"if diamonds are a girl's best friend does that mean my ex is going to sleep with them too?"
b"if donald trump wins the presidency with no background in politics i shouldn't have to graduate college to get a good job in my field"
b"if says this is the best way to roll out dough, we're not arguing :"
b'if " dress for the job you want " were true, there would be a lot more people wearing capes.'
b'if each day is a gift, i would like to know where i can return mondays.'
b'i feel as though common sense should be referred to as the sense formerly known as common.'
b'i feel a text is too serious without an lol or ha in there somewhere.'
b'i feel bad for kids nowadays who can not get the toys they want because their parents have to be 18 or older to call.'
b"i feel bad for lions at zoos. how would you feel if a bunch of pizzas came to your house, took your picture, and you couldn't even eat them?"
b'i feel bad for unmarried people with no kids. who do you scream at?'
b"i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i feel beautiful.'
b'i feel great about my exam score'
b'i feel horrible but my mom is making me go to school lol good'
b'i feel important'
b'i feel lazier than the dude who drew the japanese flag.'
b'i feel like a nerd i am too excited to start school \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i feel like crap and my kids were absolutely crazy today... what a good monday'
b'i feel like crying... wait a minute... i see what the problem is... i am just listening to drake'
b'i feel like i have no life anymore i am always working i just want a day off already... sad'
b'i feel like i am 15 and without a license again'
b'i feel like im always on the verge of doing something great or doing nothing at all'
b'i feel like i am going to throw up.. today is going to be grand.?'
b'i feel like i am in middle school again this is so fun good bieber fever!'
b'i feel like i am living on a half hour of sleep. face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i feel like i am the only fucking person without their license unamused face'
b"i feel like the album will sound so much more incredible live like i swear they just sound like they'll be amazing live ygm"
b'i feel played that i got homework on the first day of school and a quiz tomorrow like whhhhyyyy'
b'i feel so hormonal, i just heard " the fray-don\'t let me go " and cried for a good 10 -15 minutes'
b'i feel so important right now'
b'i feel so loved unamused face'
b'i feel sooo bad for people that have to work indoors in the ac'
b'i feel so out of touch with internet slang. i read icymi 3x today and had no idea what it meant, so like any good old foggy, i googled it'
b'i feel so proud when my friends tell me their parents like me like damn right they do, im a delight'
b'i feel sorry for any business students that still have classes on fridays'
b'i feel sorry for people who do not have dogs. i hear they have to pick up food they drop on the floor.'
b'i fell in love with sm1 over the weekend simply by chance, but i will not move any further, no matter how nice it was, esp. saturday night smile'
b'i fell in love with your personality, your looks are just a bonus.'
b'i felt like a hero when i saved a girl from choking today... by taking my dick out of her mouth'
b'if every kiss begins with " k " then i am just going to assume that when you text me " k " you secretly want to make out.'
b'if everyone is laughing i cant be hurt too badly, right?'
b'if he doesnt touch ur booty is he even your boyfriend'
b'if hr made employees settle their disputes with public dance-offs, everyone would try a lot harder to get along.'
b"if i actually spoke my mind, i'd be in big trouble."
b'if i ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling " it\'s the button on front! "'
b'if i ask you to take a picture & you take about 23 so i have options of not only a planned picture but also candids, you are my favorite'
b"if i can literally see half of your ass cheek, you're trying to hard and"
b'if i can not be weird around you, we can not be friends.'
b"if i clicked on every web ad i see, i'd have 156 free ipads and a dick the size of the pre -9/11 twin towers."
b"if i could be any animal i'd pick a turtle, strictly for the chance, however slight, i could be turned into a ninja."
b'if i could fly blasting in the car yeah fuck'
b'if i could go back in time & not sneak outta my house everynight in middle school... wait, i probably would still sneak out lol'
b'if i could punch you without getting in trouble, believe me, i would.'
b"if i could put into words how much i love waking up at 5 am on tuesday's i would...?."
b'if i could remember school work like i remember lyrics... i would be a genius.'
b'if i could sleep for a week trust me i would'
b"if i delete your number... you're basically deleted from my life.?"
b'if i die and people post statuses about me on facebook and act like they knew me or were nice to me i will come back and fucking murder them'
b'if i die young, please have my tombstone read : " an unexpected error occurred. " if i am old, then : " operation timed out. "'
b"if i do not mention you.. then the tweet wasn't about you.. but if the shoe fits.. then lace that bitch up and wear it"
b'if i do not remember what i did, do not ruin it for me by reminding me'
b'if i dont snapchat you back its not bc im ignoring you its bc my face isnt cooperating'
b"if i do not text back it's because i replied in my mind but was too lazy to physically reply and i am really sorry."
b'if i do not use my headphones and just listen all day people talking around maybe one day i will just wake up and speak german'
b'if i drink alcohol, i am an alcoholic. what about if i drink fanta? i am fantastic.'
b"if i drunk text you and you're asleep, do not text me in the morning, that ship has sailed."
b'if i ever am on time i literally deserve a million dollars and an award.'
b"if i ever need a brain transplant, i'd choose yours because i'd want a brain that had never been used."
b"if i ever run out of toothpaste, i'll just lick my bathroom mirror."
b"if i feel like i am making more of an effort than you, then i'll just stop trying all together."
b"if i found out i only had a week to live, and could go anywhere in the world, i think i'd go to the hospital because that sounds serious."
b'if i go sleep at 6 in the morning, does it mean i go sleep early or late?'
b'if i got for every time i rolled my eyes i would be a billionaire'
b'if i got a dollar for every time i thought about you, i would start thinking about you'
b'if i got my eyes on you i dont see anyone but you'
b'if i go to class, i do not listen. if i listen, i can not learn anything. if i learn something, i forgot it in a moment. you see my problem?'
b"if i got paid for being lazy, i'd be a billionaire."
b'if i had a dollar for every time i got my hopes up'
b'if i had a dollar for every time i thought about you, i would start thinking about you.'
b'if i had a dollar for every time someone told me i was pretty i would have exactly one dollar thanks mom'
b"if i had my license the only thing i'd use it for is mcdonalds at 3am"
b"if i had three wishes, i'd use one for boobs. because i am pretty sure i could get everything else that i wanted if i had boobs."
b'if i had to be any kardashian sister, i would choose bruce jenner.'
b'if i had to pick one thing to do for the rest of my life it would be hitting the snooze button. i am confident i could do that forever.'
b"if i have not said something vulgar to you then we probably aren't good friends."
b'if i have to text you first every single time then we aint gonna text'
b"if i hit snooze 3 times it should automatically send an email to my boss saying i'll be out sick."
b'if i like one of your pics do not text me. saying long time not talk.'
b'if i look like i give a fuck look again'
b'if i lose trust in you i will never be able to trust you again. ive been hurt way too much before'
b"if i make you breakfast in bed, a simple'thank you ' is all i need. not all this 'how did you get in my house?' business."
b'if i am being left alone to do whatever - i will play for the rest of my life. i love goofing around too much.'
b'if i am ever murdered, i have no doubt that my chalk outline would include my phone in my hand'
b'if i am not a good enough friend for you then why did you even try to be my friend.'
b"if i am not doing school i am on my music shit and there's not really time for fun anymore besides when niggas is lit"
b'if im really into you nobody will get the same attention like you do'
b'i finally got one test out of the way and now i need to retake one more on tuesday before i can get my electronics back!'
b'i find it funny that you think i am the reason he does not want to be with you face with tears of joy'
b'i find it hard trusting people cause everyone who promised they would never leave, always did'
b"i find it offensive when cashiers look at my money like it's fake. if i knew how to counterfeit money i'd be doing wilder shit."
b'i find it very stressful that smokey thinks that i am the only one that can prevent forest fires. i do not feel trained for this!'
b'i find it weird that my advisor, upperclassmen, and my other professors have no idea who my chemistry professor is.'
b'if i punch my self and it hurts does it mean i am really strong or really weak.'
b'if i saw a ghost, i would not be scared. i\'d be like " sit your translucent ass down, i have a lot of questions! "'
b"if i say bye to you because i am mad you're not supposed to let me go"
b'if i say " it\'s a great day to be alive, " it\'s because those are literally my only plans.'
b'if i say " okay *ur name * " then just know that i officially have an attitude... or you\'ve just said something that made me mad'
b"if i send you 4 messages on 4 different topics, do not just reply to 1? this isn't a multiple choice question? do i look like a fuckin exam?"
b'if i share my food with you, that means i care.'
b'if i should die before i wake... i ask the lord my phone to erase.'
b'if i show you a picture on my phone, do not swipe left, do not swipe right. just look.'
b'if i sigh loudly enough will all of my problems go away'
b'if i sing infront of you im extremely comfortable around you cause i sound terrible as fuck lol'
b'if i stay in bed ill be warm if i get in the shower ill also be warm but the distance between the bed and the shower no that is not warm'
b'if i take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me. perfect but doing me'
b'if i texted you goodnight its your responsibility to text me first the next day'
b'if i text you all like.. " heyy smile " and you reply with " hi ", i am done taking to you'
b'if it rains on sunday im gonna brain myself bc good a concert in the pouring rain'
b"if i treated people how they treated me they'd hate me"
b'if i treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.'
b"if it's human to make mistakes i am a really good human."
b"if its the thought that counts then i've banged so many hot chicks."
b"if it's true that opposites attract, i should be looking for someone that gets up early and does important stuff all day."
b"if it takes you a long time to text me, imna times it by 2, what's the quotient? that's how i feel when i wanted a text to face with tears of joy"
b'if it takes you more than 3 words to order a drink at starbucks, we can not be friends.'
b'if it werent for alcohol how would we even know when to call our exes?'
b"if it weren't for sam adams i would have no idea what season it was."
b'if it were the other way around, i doubt that one cat would take in 80 little old ladies.'
b'if i type lol it means i blew air out my nose harder than usual do not get too excited'
b'if i unfollowed you on ig just now its bc youre posts are fucking pointless/annoying. sorry'
b"if i've learned anything from these ghost hunter shows, it's that everyone speaks english after they die."
b'if i was a marriage counselor i would just make the couple look at a dating website for 20 minutes.'
b"if i was an author, i'd go into bookstores and find the shelf with my books, randomly sign one, and put it back on the shelf to be sold."
b'if i was a teacher i would create a multiple choice test where all 30 answers are d just to fuck with the students heads.'
b"if i was doing this for you then i'd have nothing left to prove."
b'if i was ever to get married i would wear smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'if i was famous i would just knock on peoples doors and be like hello yes its me'
b'if i was famous i would start a vlog where i read fanfics about me aloud'
b"if i was in a band i'd be the one that gets ignored by fans"
b"if i was just learning english and you told me a sport called boxing takes place in a square area called a ring, i'd probably give up."
b"if i was one less lonely girl i would have a friend hold my phone i would not bring it up there, i'd want to enjoy the moment"
b'if i was stranded on a desert island and i could only bring one thing, i would bring dora. that girl has everything in that backpack.'
b"if i were a bathroom tile salesman, my pitch would be'think of how great this will look in the background of your social networking pics. '"
b"if i were a bird, you'd be the first person i'd shit on."
b"if i were a boxer i'd name my fists the brown brothers. allow me to introduce you to chris & bobby."
b'if i were a ghost i would haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they start masturbating!'
b'if i were a judge i\'d constantly say " i\'ll be the judge of that! " and also freeball under my robe and stuff.'
b"if i were an ice hauler in the belt i'd give my right arm for a good coffee."
b'if i worked at a sperm bank i would tell people " thank you, come again " when they\'re walking out just to mess with them.'
b'if kanye or kim were both drowning and you only had time to save one. what type of sandwhich would you make?'
b'i fkn hate being called my love but he makes it so cute face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"if mcdonalds really cared about america they'd put sperm-killing ingredients in all their food."
b'if my best friend hates you then i automatically hate you'
b'if my friend asks me to keep a secret, and says, " do not tell a soul, " can i still tell my ginger friend?'
b'if my " friends " post just two more scripture quotes on facebook, i will have officially read the entire bible.'
b'if my girl liked to suck dick as much as she loves to suck the fun out of things maybe we can get along'
b"if my laundry could just do itself, then that'd be awesome. bc this girl is ready for bed. sleeping face"
b'if my life was a drink it would be room temperature coke with the ice melted'
b"if my memory gets any worse i'll be able to plan my own surprise party."
b'if my mom & dad come home with no food for me. im getting money from them and going get some to eat. i refuse to eat anything else.'
b"if my name was mario i'd get into as many relationships as i can just so i could break up w/ them and say, 'it's not you, it's -a me! mario. '"
b'if my tweets offend you :1. stop being a sensitive pussy 2. fuck your feelings'
b'if no one comes from the future to stop you from doing it than how bad of a decision can it really be?'
b'if one door closes and another one opens, seek help your house is haunted.'
b"if one door closes & another door opens, you're probably in prison."
b'if only i was given a dollar for every time i made myself look stupid in front of a cute person'
b'i forget, on which side of my dinner plate am i supposed to set my phone?'
b'i forgot how great the music at the gym is.'
b'i forgot how much of a good friend you are \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i forgot i have class tomorrow and i was about to run off with a friend, looks like she'll have to wait till tomorrow. if she wit it."
b"i forgot i am allergic to raspberries and i ate raspberry fruit snacks today and now i am covered in hives but it's whatever"
b'i forgot my book at home, and now i am stuck babysitting for 9 hours with nothing to do'
b'i found a random dollar under my bed while cleaning my room last night.'
b'i found out last night that the only thing worse than waking up 3 times to pee is sleeping right through it.'
b'i found out that crossfit is a lot like reverse fight club. because the first rule of crossfit is to never shut the fu *k up about crossfit.'
b'i found the periodic table kinda fun in middle school but now that i am in chemistry i hate it with a burning passion'
b'if people could hear the next 5 seconds after i hit end on a call, i would have no friends.'
b"if people could read my mind, i'd get punched in the face a lot."
b'if people rode their spouses like they did their brakes the divorce rate would drop drastically.'
b'if people want bareback, they do not have any problems with some people love i would not want it no other way.'
b'i friggin love toronto traffic'
b'if robbers ever broke into my house and searched for money id just laugh and search with them nigga im broke'
b"if school isn't a place to sleep then home isn't the place to study."
b'if see a girl blasting music and showing oreos in her mouth before work in the parking lot, yeah thats me.'
b"if she does not remember when adam sandler was funny, she's too young for you."
b'if she fucking big brothers homies what do you call her?'
b'if she gets dressed immediately after sex, you did everything wrong.'
b'if she is still able to walk to the kitchen after sex, you do not deserve a sandwich.'
b'if she liked your status on facebook. that obviously means she wants to have sex.'
b"if she's over 6 feet. she probably has a penis twice the size as yours"
b'if somebody sends me a link to the new danny brown music video that i can watch in canada ill paypal you 5 bucks'
b'if someone acts like they do not care about you, believe them.'
b'if someone can fall asleep knowing ur crying, knowing ur hurting or did not get home safe, they do not care for you'
b"if someone could like throw me into traffic rn that'd be great bc i have a college exam i have done 0 studying for"
b'if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.'
b'if someones facebook picture is a car, should i assume that they are a transformer?'
b'if someone takes a long time to text me back.. i intentionally take a long time as well'
b'if someone tells you " it\'s better than sex " they\'re not doing the sex right.'
b'if someone texts " k ", just reply with " l am n o p q are s t you v w x y z "'
b"if someone truly wants you, they'll do anything in their power to keep you and not fuck shit up... facts"
b'if someone upsets you, write a nasty letter and file it away before you say something you might regret. then punch the person in the face.'
b"if someone wants to help me study for the ap stat test tomorrow that'll be great"
b'if someone wants to supply me with wine after work i would love you forever. i am gonna need it after this shift.'
b'if someone will do my history homework i will love you forever \xf0\x9f\x98\x87\xf0\x9f\x98\x87'
b"if someone will fund it, i'll go to the rainforest and just lick stuff until i find a cool new drug."
b"if state farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog sh*t in my yard."
b'if stress was a drug, i would be high as fuck.'
b"if tetris has taught me anything it's that errors pile up and accomplishments disappear."
b'if the government shut down netflix, people would be flipping over police cars.'
b'if the ice melts before you finish your drink, we can not be friends.'
b"if the lion wasn't a coward and the scarecrow had a brain, they would have warned the tinman that he was better off without a heart."
b"if there's an emoji by your name in my phone, you're doing something right."
b'if theres anything i learned today its that the kim kardashian app is better then clash of clans... face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"if there's one thing i can not stand it's someone who's trying to talk while i am interrupting."
b'if there was a contest for the most exciting life, i would for sure win with no questions asked worried face face with tears of joy'
b"if the shampoo and conditioner in her shower are not the same brand get the hell out, she's a man!"
b'if the tigers are able to win the division it is going to be an exciting finish. please win the next 11 games and make kc cry.'
b'if the weekend made it lit... biebs made it rain'
b'if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace for at least two hours. followed by a global food shortage'
b'if the world doesnt end on december 21st, 2013, i have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on september 20th, 2013.'
b'if the world turns to shit from all this hatred i just hope i am standin hand in hand wit my love when it goes down'
b'if they actually made a drink called " haterade " i\'d probably buy it.'
b"if they put their arm in front of you when they brake really hard you know it's real"
b"if the zombie apocalypse occurs, i am finding my buddies who got to level 56 with me on cod and we're starting our running cycle."
b'if this tweet gets 5,000 rt you have to cut the top part of your hair short confetti ball'
b'if those amazon drones can really get to your house in 30 minutes then condoms are about to become their selling item.'
b'if time is money then i need to borrow a few weeks.'
b"if tonight gets anymore entertaining i really do not think i'll be able to handle it."
b'if you abuse an animal you deserve to be buried alive, they dont even understand whats happening all they try to do is make you happy'
b'if you are dead tired and sleep deprived but have a lot of homework too.. go to sleep. your health is so damn important. school can wait'
b'if you are lucky enough 2 find a cute weirdo who loves you never let them go'
b'if you cant handle the sass you cant have the ass'
b'i fucking love liars.'
b'i fuck wit anyone who fucks wit me " rt everybody doe'
b"if you could have one super power would you pick flying, invisibility, or falling asleep without questioning every decision you've ever made?"
b'if you do not get a reply i am either \xe2\x80\xa2 eating \xe2\x80\xa2 sleeping \xe2\x80\xa2 tweeting \xe2\x80\xa2 watching a tv series \xe2\x80\xa2 or i just hate you'
b'if you dont like me idc cause i dont like me either lmfao'
b'if ugliness was measured in bricks i would be the great wall of china.'
b'if you hate christmas spirit you can jingle the fuck out of my life'
b'if you leave a girl bc ur tired of " arguing " you are so stupid. you gon argue with any girl you talk too, despite how good it is in the beginning'
b'if you listen closely you can hear no one giving a shit about you'
b"if ur arguing with ur girl an you think it's just between you n her then ur obviously unaware of the demon squad groupchat bc it's 16 against 1"
b'if ur boyfriend does not sneakily touch ur butt in public then why are you dating him?'
b'if ur eyebrows and nails are fleeky you have the right to be cheeky'
b'if ur planning on going to college any time soon you need the free college interactive app on ur phone smirking face'
b'if ur sad, pet a dog and you will be ok. if ur mad, pet a dog and you will be ok. if ur happy, pet a dog and you will be happier. always pet dogs.'
b'if you are used to sleep with the tv on for background noise. you can save the money by dating a person that talks in his/her sleep.'
b'if you smoke you die if you drink you die if you eat you die if you love you die.. no matter what you die. so do whateva you want homie cuz you gon die anyways.'
b'if you think you have no time to do homework in highschool just wait until uni, i do not even have time to pee anymore'
b"if you wake me up by turning on all the lights, there's a 100% chance that i've already started planning 1000 different ways to kill you"
b'if you wanna ignore me i will ignore you twice as hard'
b'if we all end up in prison one day for illegal music downloads, i can only hope that they divide us by music genres.'
b'if we all winked, laughed out loud, stuck out our tongues and blew kisses in real life as much as we do in texts... it would be very creepy.'
b'if we are texting and you get busy let me know, do not just leave me hanging and waiting for a reply for like 20 hours! thank you'
b'if we ate cats for lunch we could consolidate something like 85% of all facebook photos.'
b'if we can teach gorillas sign language, we can definitely teach them the dance to thriller. get on it science!'
b"if we could just like not put three chapters into one test that'd be great thanks"
b'if we date just know i am gonna have like 81829922829 off guard pictures of you in my camera roll'
b"if we date you can have my phone password, read my texts, answer my phone, get on my twitter, and read my dm's. i have nothing to hide."
b"if we date you do not ever have to buy me jewelry or pink, i will love you just for picking me up ice cream while you're at the grocery store"
b"if we date you're gonna be all over my snapchat story"
b'if we go to a restaurant and have to choose between a table or a booth and you say table i will never trust you again'
b"if we're dating my entire family will help you make fun of me"
b'if we\'re friends & you\'re broke & we go out & i get hungry... we both gonna eat. i am not gonna be like " pay me back "'
b"if we're in a car and i love the song on the radio and you turn it down to tell me something, please know that i now hate you."
b"if we smash villa at weekend. people will say all's ok after all.."
b'if we start now and make the effort, we can make the world a more peaceful place. we have to try.'
b'if we used to be friends at some point do not be scared to hit me up and ask to hangout bc most likely i miss you so much and wanna see you'
b"if we used to talk & do not anymore chances are i miss the hell out of you but i've assumed that you dislike me & that's why we stopped talking"
b"if we were given the chance to be together, i'd take it in a heartbeat. no hesitation, no contemplation, no regrets."
b'if women ruled the world there would be no wars. just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.'
b"if y'all do not roast tf out each other y'all ain't really friends"
b"if you ain't never been called burnt when you was getting made fun of, you not truly dark skin."
b'if you already know someone is taken, please respect their relationship. do not be the reason they end up single.'
b'if you annoy me once the chances are i am never speaking to you again'
b'if you are living your life without giving an " f ", you are living a li [ ]e.'
b'if you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror-movie. after a while it won \xc2\x92t feel like you are alone anymore.'
b'if you are reading this, you are reading this. retweet to make someone read this too.'
b'if you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.'
b'if you are the older twin, call your little sibling 50 times a day and say " when i was your age " then describe what you did 6 minutes ago'
b'if you are the type of guy that kisses a girl on the top of the head when you hug them then you are doing it right my friend'
b'if you are waiting for the one who will truly love you, be calm, i just woke up.'
b'if you ask me a question, i say " i do not know " and you ask me again, prepare for a very ridiculous answer.'
b'if you ask me to hold your drink, i will drink it.'
b'if you ask someone out and they say no, try it again in a few minutes wearing sunglasses and smoking a cigarette.'
b'if you ask to go to the nurse the teacher literally can not say no'
b"if you ask why i am never excited about snow, it's because i have to wake up at an ungodly hour to blow it off the driveway"
b'if you can do perfect winged eyeliner every day, then you can do anything'
b'if you can make bae food without poisoning it right after a heated argument that is some deep unconditional af love lolbs'
b"if you can retweet this with your bottom lip then you're a good kisser.?! no cheating."
b'if you can not deal with my sarcasm. i can not deal with being your friend.'
b"if you can not fix it with duct tape or a martini ; it ain't worth fixing."
b'if you can not handle being talked about then you are not ready for success'
b'if you cant handle me at my worst i dont blame you neither can i'
b'if you can not handle me at my worst, then you do not deserve me at my best " literally translates to " i am a loud, sloppy drunk.'
b'if you can not laugh repeatedly on the same joke, why do you cry over and over again on the same issue?'
b'if you cheat on someone who was all about you then you are stupid as fuck'
b'if you chew on broken glass for a few minutes it starts to taste like blood.'
b'if you come up to my bedroom door and there is a sock on the door handle it means i am having sex... probably with the other sock.'
b"if you comment on your own facebook status before anyone else does, i am going to assume you're crazy."
b'if you could remind me of changing the song on my headphones, we would still be in a relationship.'
b'if you cross the street in front of my car, do not insult me with that lazy half-jog motion. sprint it out, tuck your head, and tumble-roll.'
b'if you do not enjoy what you are doing you will never be good at it. -luke parker'
b'if you do not follow me or your not tweeting the same time i am and you know what my tweets say your a stalker! up for debate weary face'
b'if you do not have anything nice to say, put it all on social networks'
b'if you do not have peace at home, something is definitely wrong. order taking care of business does not go'
b"if you do not know the difference between your and you're, your an idiot."
b'if you do not know what happened to ketchup, a fan broke in to the house 5sos was in at the time and literally stole him'
b"if you do not leave a buffet looking like someone told you bad news you did not get your money's worth."
b'if you do not text me back within a hour and try and pick up on the same conversation stop, that boat sailed a long time ago \xe2\x9b\xb5\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'if you do not use your turn signals i am gonna assume automatically that you are a douchebag in every aspect of your life.'
b'if you do not wear skinny jeans, i question your ability to lead worship.'
b'if you eat it in the car before you get home, it never existed.'
b'if you ever doubted the deep desire in your fellow man to help just ask a rhetorical question.'
b'if you ever feel like a failure, just know that somewhere in the world, someone just lost their straw inside a capri sun.'
b'if you ever feel sad in life, just watch my marriage video. " - my father'
b'if you ever feel unattractive, just remember that you look like your ancestors and all of them got laid.'
b'if you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say " in jesus name amen "'
b'if you ever want a compliment go to'
b'if you ever want someone to see two sides of an argument, call your closest they love being just and fair.'
b'if you ever want to hate yourself, click the 2008 button on your facebook timeline and read what you posted.'
b'if you fail to plan, you plan to fail'
b'if you feel a bit lonely, forgotten, or just need someone to cheer you up remember... you can always change your birthday on facebook!'
b'if you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? enjoy the process of being a work in progress.'
b"if you fill a water bottle, take it into a dark room and pour the water on the floor, you've just wasted your time."
b'if you find someone who is all about you dont ever let them go'
b'if you follow me on twitter and you know me in real life just remember one thing what goes on twitter stays on twitter'
b'if you force a hocker to have sex with you is that consider rape? or shoplifting'
b'if you get a million dollars with impotency would you take it?'
b'if you get drunk and do not regret anything the next day, then something is wrong with the way you drink.'
b'if you get in a fight, and somebody yells " worldstar ". you better fight for your life. "'
b"if you get pulled over for a dui, you should get 1 chance to beat rainbow road on mario kart w/o falling off. if you can, you're free to go."
b'if you get pulled over in a smart car for speeding, you should get a standing ovation, not a ticket.'
b"if you go shopping at walmart and no one stares at you as you walk by, you're one of them."
b'if you go to dinner alone always ask for a table for two. look sad as you eat and you will almost always get a free dessert'
b'if you guys ever need anything always remember i am just an unanswered phone call away.'
b'if you hate fake ass people retweet this with your middle finger'
b"if you have a bunch of crack and the police get a search warrant to find it - that's how paper beats rock."
b'if you have a gf and a random female walks up to you just to flirt just run, i repeat run its a set up your gf is watching you'
b'if you have a problem with me, tweeting about it is an excellent idea! bc i give so many damns!'
b'if you have a stupid ex, retweet this with your middle finger'
b'if you have not said " luke i am your father, " into an oscillating fan, then we can not hang out.'
b'if you have the opportunity to tell someone you love them, do it. spread the love around.'
b"if you have to bring someone else down in order to display your confidence, you're not confident at all."
b'if you have to take 2 trips bringing in groceries, you might as well take 3. you left your balls in the car.'
b'if you have to wake me up to ask me for something, the answer is automatically " no. "'
b"if you hear someone blasting temporary fix from their car, yeah that's me."
b'if you ignore me, please do not think imma respond to you whenever you decide you want to talk. fuck that & you.'
b'if you insult harry potter i will take it very personally and probably never think of you in the same way ever again'
b'if you invite me to a party please make sure to have a cat or dog present so i have someone to hang out with.'
b'if you knock on my door and i say " yeah " it does not mean " come on in! " it means " stay where you are and state your business. "'
b'if you lie to me and i find out then you dont exist to me anymore'
b"if you lie to me, you'll never lie next to me."
b'if you like someone, set them free. if they comeback, it means nobody liked them. set them free again.'
b'if you like someone, tell them or just stalk them on every social network and cry yourself to sleep every night it\'s whatevs "'
b"if you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go screw itself."
b'if you live in a custom-built house that does not have a secret room hidden behind a fake bookcase, then seriously what is the point?'
b'if you look closely at the screen, you will notice that you are closer to the screen'
b'if you lookin for me me i am with in the lab workin tonight \xf0\x9f\x93\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5\xf0\x9f\x91\x89\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbf'
b"if you love someone, set them on fire. if they come back, it's a phoenix."
b'if you love something, let it go. if it comes back to you, tell it " i told you so " and guilt trip it into buying you expensive presents.'
b'if you need some help at home depot and are being ignored, get on one of their step ladders.'
b'if you never jumped from one couch to another to save yourself from the lava, then you did not have a childhood'
b'if you pull me on your lap there is a 101% chance i am going to make out with you.'
b"if you put a fogged window or mirror in front of a man he will draw a dick. it's science."
b'if your a redskins fan.. talking or engaging conversation about the washington redskins changing their name is a waste of time!'
b'if your camel toe looks like a elephants hoof, you might want to rethink the yoga pants.'
b"if your car is literally rattling from the fucking bass you're a douchebag"
b'if your car is making an annoying noise there is an easy solution! just open your door, and push her out.'
b'if your cat really loved you it would be a dog.'
b'if your dog gets seasick just getting near the ocean she a bay sick bitch.'
b"if you're a boy and you cry it is not dumb and you are not a pussy you're a fucking human being"
b"if you're a guy & you make an effort to post pictures of you & your girlfriend randomly or just in general i give you major props."
b'if you really do them go'
b'if you really love her, break into her house and write you name in blood on her walls like a normal person.'
b'if you really love her work through problems and do not give up'
b'if you really love someone, even if there was a million reasons to leave, you would still look for the one reason to stay.'
b'if you really want people to notice you, be a typo.'
b"if you're an adult, please do not kiss your parent on the lips, you're creeping everyone out."
b"if you're born in september, it's pretty safe to assume that your parents started their new year with a 'bang. '"
b'if youre ever attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.'
b"if you're fat and you are sitting down, there's a 100% chance your crack is showing."
b'if you\'re feeling bored, find a group photo of four girls on instagram and then comment " you three look great! " wait and grab popcorn.'
b"if you're feeling lonely, just remember that there are trillions of tiny creatures living on & in your body thinking you're their universe."
b"if you're going into highschool and cant do at least 4 pirouettes you obviously go to a fantastic studio"
b"if you're going to be a dick.. at least be a big one."
b"if you're gonna be nice, be nice to a certain extent.. stop being nice to the point where people are walking all over you"
b"if you're gonna ignore me then you should know i can do exactly the same, but even worse. like i will pretend you dont exist"
b"if you're good at something never do it for free."
b"if you're gunna make everyone sit at the light as you walk across the street at least do some cartwheels, finger pistols, twerk, something."
b"if you're happy and you know it, you're probably exhausting to be around."
b"if you're having a bad day just remember that it will get worse and you're ugly."
b"if you're mad at me please just tell me what i did wrong instead of ignoring me"
b"if you're in my then your an"
b"if you're out running in jeans, i am gonna go ahead and assume you just participated in a felony."
b"if you're riding shotgun, you're automatically on cop look-out. with great power comes great responsibility."
b"if you're single :1. you're either talking to someone 2. stuck on an ex 3. chasing someone who's taken 4. ignoring someone who wants you"
b"if you're sober, it's a police car. but if you're drunk, it's a taxi."
b"if you're stuck in a group text, one easy way to get out is to throw your phone in the ocean and start a new life."
b"if you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my a **!"
b"if you're waiting for a text from me, you'll be waiting for a long time smirking face sleeping face"
b"if you're wearing a fucking jean jacket in yo avi or any where you are literally a fuck boy lmao. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"if you're wearing socks on a wood or tiled floor & sliding is not your mode of transport then i am not sure we can be friends"
b"if you're wearing sweat pants either you just worked out or you've never worked out."
b'if your ex is still capable of changing your mood, you still have feelings for them.'
b"if your friends aren't making fun of you, they're not really your friends."
b'if your gf does not put hands on you during an argument she does not love you'
b"if your girlfriends driving you crazy? it's probably because it's the only kind of driving she's good at."
b"if your girlfriend tells you to stop talking to a girl because she knows her intentions, about 105% of the time she's right"
b"if your graduating in december you'd still have to pay 75 dollars for one semester of parking... yepp that makes sense"
b"if your mom can not find it, it's gone forever."
b'if your parent let you sleep over your boyfriend/girlfriends house or go out of state w/them... cant relate lol but must be nice'
b"if your picture isn't being used by a stranger to catfish someone, you're a nobody."
b'if your problem can not be solved by me saying " damn " and nodding a lot, then you shouldn\'t come to me for help.'
b'if your profile pic was taken over five years ago, you need to have a disclaimer.'
b'if your tweets have never offended anyone, then you tweet like a little bitch.'
b'if you say " pumpkin spice latte " in the mirror 3 times a white girl in yoga pants will appear & tell you all her favorite things about fall.'
b'if you say the word " douche " fast and repetitively, it will sound like the beat of a techno song'
b'if you scratch my back without me asking i might just might fall in love with you'
b'if you see me smiling in public it means im laughing at the jokes i tell myself in my head'
b'if you sing with me in the car imma keep you'
b'if you snapchat me and i open it but do not reply, i am not ignoring you. i just look too ugly to reply at the moment.'
b'if you spoke to someone you loved the way you speak to yourself, how long do you think would that person stick around?'
b'if you stay, stay forever. if you go, do it today. if you change, change for the better. and if you talk, make sure you mean what you say.'
b'if you tell a girl you think shes pretty in person you win'
b"if you tell me the truth, i am gonna be mad but i'll get over it. if you lie to me i am never gonna be able to trust you again. your choice"
b'if you tell me to " sit back, relax, and enjoy " i will stand up, clench every muscle in my body, and hate whatever it is you\'re about to do.'
b"if you tell me you're going to sleep and i see you 10 minutes later on twitter, i understand completely."
b'if you think about it, the movie taken is basically super mario bros but with less turtles & slightly more human trafficking.'
b"if you think a girl is pretty you should tell her because she'll probably be happy about it for like 4 days"
b'if you think i am ignoring you... i am. my phones in my hand 24/7 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'if you think meeting your girlfriends parents is hard just remember someone is going to try to date eminems daughter.'
b'if you think my room is a mess you should see my life'
b'if you think my tweets are ridiculous you should see my life choices'
b"if you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments."
b'if you think nothing is impossible, try slamming a revolving door.'
b"if you think there's nothing better than sex, you've never had a cop turn on his lights behind you and then pull over someone else."
b'if you think women are weaker, try pulling the blankets back on your side. grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'if you tickle my feet i am not responsible for what happens to your face.'
b"if you tie your hair in a ponytail every time you're about to eat a banana, you might be a slut."
b'if you treat people like shit, do not expect them to not treat you like shit too. what goes around comes around my dear.'
b"if you try to wake me up by pulling my blankets off, i'll probably kill you."
b"if you try to watch the movie titanic backwards... it's actually about a magical boat that saves people."
b"if you use some weird app to get fake likes on instagram... i literally can't. expressionless face"
b'if you use yahoo search engine, a really lonely nerd in his yahoo office frantically googles your request and then posts the results'
b"if you've ever listened to a song while looking out of the car window and have not pretend you're in a movie you're lying"
b"if you've never given yourself b12 injections, i highly recommend it. i find it kind of fun."
b"if you wake me up by turning on all the lights, there's a 100% chance that i've already started planning 10 different ways to kill you"
b"if you wake up with a chick and you dont know her name, take her to starbucks, they'll write it on the cup"
b'if you wanna meet horny singles like this. sign up on and get laid tonight'
b'if you want a perfect relationship, just watch a movie. bitch.'
b'if you want a successful relationship, find someone who likes the same thermostat setting you do.'
b"if you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done."
b'if you want to cry use a tissue, not your facebook status.'
b'if you want to feel like an asshole, try explaining a fish tank to a visitor from somalia. " this is food and water we just look at. "'
b'if you want to quit smoking, go to a sauna for 3 days in a row and youll sweat out the nicotine which will make it easier to quit.'
b"if you watch a harlem shake backwards, it's about a guy that parties longer than the rest."
b'if you watch an apple store get robbed, are you an iwitness?'
b'if you watch beauty and the beast backwards its about how falling in love will turn you into a monster.'
b"if you work different shift patterns or rotation, you'd love our scheduling app download \xe2\x9e\x9c"
b"if zombies attack the world, everyone will run and hide. except for us gamers, of course. we've been waiting for this all our lives!"
b'i gave a fuck once. it was terrible'
b"i get annoyed when my phone vibrates and it's not the person i actually want to speak to."
b'i get atb, and yet i am no ones mcm. lmfao xd'
b'i get awkward when someone compliments me and idk what to say. someone : you look good today me : happy birthday'
b'i get back from my exam later today and i have to start studying for another one tomorrow... great'
b'i get back to the dorms right when they let people back in from the fire alarm. perfect timing.'
b'i get bored during school holidays, but complain when i have to go back.'
b'i get high self esteem when a cat that hates everybody else ends up liking me'
b'i get ignored so much my name should be terms and conditions'
b"i get my : cereal from a tiger, insurance from a gecko, toilet paper from a bear, financial advice from a gorilla. it's people i do not trust."
b'i get nervous when i see others studying so much before the test.'
b"i get on twitter and y'all are talking about zesty balls. let me take my virgin ass to sleep so i can attempt to be on time tomorrow"
b'i get real annoyed when the " 30 minute workout section " machines are being used by random people'
b'i get re-pissed about a old situation whenever i have a flashback about it.'
b"i get so emotional when you're not around. that emotion is called joy."
b'i get so excited when someone brings out the cake at a birthday party because that means i can leave soon.'
b"i get so sad when people do not text me back i need attention 24/7 you can not neglect me i am basically a puppy i'll die"
b'i getting those random messages from the guy to talking to, saying how special i am grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i get to babysit mia on monday! i can not wait!'
b'i get to go to my brothers soccer game just what i wanted to do today?'
b"i get to go to my grandma's bday party instead of coronation. ha. yay. loudly crying face"
b'i get to sleep in tomorrow, how great is that?'
b"i get very annoyed when people mix up there, they're and their. from now on i am going to point it out, weather they like it or not."
b"ain't no way you did not know you were being taped i call bullshit"
b'i give a lot dawg nd ion ask for shit i am just hoping i get a blessing'
b'i give up. justin forsett has a broken right arm. he is out for the rest of the game.'
b"ignorance i see at berkeley highschool really blows my mind, but it's the world we live in these days. can not wait to say good riddance."
b"ignore me? okay that's cool, just do not be mad when i ignore you."
b'ignore the people who do not appreciate you and try giving your attention to those who deserve it.'
b'ignoring things do not make them go away, it makes them drunk dial you.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f going to bed upset'
b'i got 20 chicken nuggets 10 for me and 10 for me'
b'i got 25 assignments done today for one class and i wrote 4 papers and typed them, i am exhausted \xf0\x9f\x98\xaa\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'i got 99 problems and 97 of them are due by the end of the week'
b'i got 99 problems and money could solve at least 73 of them'
b'i got 99 problems but im gonna take a nap and ignore them all'
b'i got all of the classes i wanted. yay. super quick ninja skills aka refreshing the page continuously until it hit 130 so i could get it done'
b'i got a perfect relationship with my bed. until this bitch called " alarm " split us up.'
b'i got asked if i want the'
b'i got asked to leave bank today. how was i suppose to know what they meant when they said " let\'s have look at your assets "'
b"i got a text! i hope it's from... oh my god, leave me alone."
b'i got a understanding that i was straight when i was dry humping girls in kindergarten'
b'i got bored in the shower today and only shaved one leg'
b'i got lazy so i only shaved one leg'
b"i got locked out of my pickup and had to pay him with my nonexistent money it's been a great day pouting face crying face"
b'i got lost in south korea once. ended up doing a lot of seoul searching.'
b'i got mad love for you girl, had so much fun w you in chemistry class, glad i can tell you anything'
b'i got my stomach by doing as many crunches as i can everyday. usually either nestle or captain.'
b'i go to a school where the students are higher than their grades'
b'i go to a school where they care more about the length of our shorts than the quality of our education'
b'i got ok classes =-= gonna be at school all day t/r good (no )'
b'i go to school were the students are higher than their grades.'
b'i got out of the shower after shaving my legs thinking it did not take very long so i was proud and then i realized i only shaved one leg.'
b'i got out of the shower and put clothes on and then realized that i only shaved one leg'
b'i got out on good behavior " really means : i snitched on someone.'
b'i got snapchat specifically so i can see your " swag " hot pocket'
b'i got some shit built up'
b'i gotta carry my phone around with me 24/7 just in case nobody texts me'
b'i gotta go in at 2 tomorrow.. im hoping this shit goes by fast'
b"i gotta wake up beaucoup early bruh. i am not excited about that part. but my cousin's wedding is about to be lit!"
b'i got the art nails going on... you know with the paint stains and dried ink on them...'
b'i got to hug kelsey lu, thank wet, and say a drunk dreamy very fangirl hello to patrick from chairlift. pretty good show tonight.'
b'i got too excited my head started hurting'
b'i got too lazy so i only shaved one leg'
b"i got two brothers and fag is the funny fun one he's not really gay i just call him fag, and he goes with it, far from gay, it's just funny face with tears of joy"
b'i got wet from the rain on my way to school im so pissed'
b'i grew out of " i never text first " phase since i realized nothing was wrong with showing someone you care about them more than your pride'
b'i guess.. " = i disagree, but i do not feel like arguing right now.'
b'i guess i am in shape because a circle is a shape'
b"i guess i should start accounting since it's due at 11.. pensive face can not wait for a 12 hour day tomorrow!"
b'i guess miley cyrus is gonna be trending all week thanks to her embarrassing performance lmao'
b'i guess my question for bernie is if he sees socialism as a distinct phase in human society or as a movement within capitalism?'
b'i guess some people can sleep through the night knowing how fucked up they are to other people. ha have a good life hoe.'
b"i guess sometimes i am just gonna be covered in hives and have no idea what's causing them"
b"i guess that's the way it goes down, love is like a miracle now."
b"i guess we could just talk never? that's cool too."
b'i had a better social life when i was like 8 years old than i do now.'
b'i had a dream that i was flirting with leonardo dicaprio and i said " whats your sign? " and he said " dicapricorn " i laughed so hard i woke up'
b'i had a kiss with a fist'
b'i had a math test today too. yay.'
b"i had an argument about if javascript is the best language and convinced myself while arguing that it's not"
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i had a nerve to get fed up and stopped paying it and mva sunt me a nice lor threatening letter weary face'
b'i had a pretty great day even with it starting out with an exploded pen face with tears of joy'
b'i had my appendix taken out as a child. they said it was useless, but based on my life since then, i am guessing it controls motivation.'
b'i had off from school today so tomorrow is friday good'
b'i had plans with 3 different people this weekend and they all canceled on me ok thanks pals'
b'i had so much fun (minus the flashbacks to chemistry )! thanks for inviting me.'
b'i had to leave my calc exam because i needed to regurgitate 2 weeks worth of food. great! looks like i better ace the final.'
b'i hate when people text me hours later, trying to continue the conversation. bitch, the feeling is gone.'
b'i have 11 dayz holidayyyyy! good how lucky am i because is uploading his cover tmo while i " am home w/out school yaya'
b'i have 3 classes standing between me and thanksgiving break. ahhhhhhhh if you can not tell... i am excited. i love being around all my family grinning face'
b'i have 3 different types of mad : when i am so mad that i cry \xf0\x9f\x98\xa2\xf0\x9f\x98\x92 when i am mad & snap pouting face & when i am mad & just do not speak to nobody victory hand'
b'i have 3 moods : skips every song on my ipod lets the music play without interruption plays the same song on repeat for days'
b'i have 3 types of mad : when i am so mad i cry, when i am mad and i just snap, and when i am mad and just do not wanna talk to anybody'
b'i have 4 1/2 he babysitting tonight, it has not started yet and i am already tired out of my mind good'
b'i have 4 personalities :1. when i am alone 2. when i am around friends 3. when i am around my parents 4. when i am around someone i like'
b'i have a 3 hour class & only have 24%. this should be interesting!'
b'i have a bad habit of apologizing when people fuck me over.'
b'i have a biology lab final today and i have not opened my notes, power points, or book bc i also have a physics exam good for sciences.'
b'i have a certain way with words. you might say im a cunning linguist.'
b"i have a cold & was told that vitamin c would help but i've played that graduation (friends forever ) song like 100 times & i feel worse."
b"i have a condition that prevents me from going on a diet... it's called 'hunger '"
b'i have a crap load of school to get done today and still feel shitty so this is going to go just swimmingly! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'i have a crush on you. like i want to crush you. i fucking hate you'
b'i have a cyst in my ovaries and i have a little bit of lupus. i love my life \xe2\x9d\xa4\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"i have a date tonight, with my bed. we're totally gonna sleep together"
b'i have a dinner to attend, clothes to iron and makeup that i have to at least attempt to put on. but before that, sleep comes first xd'
b"i have a doctors appointment at 12 so if i go to bed at like 6am i definitely will not be waking up for it so let's just stay up \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"i have adrian peterson and rgiii on my fantasy team so you can imagine how awesome i've been lately"
b'i have a growing list of things i am going to buy when i am rich'
b'i have all classes tomorrow and a counseling appointment and my lab final on thursday but after that i have free thurdays finally so yay?'
b'i have a love-hate relationship with being up early'
b"i have always wondered what i look like from someone else's eyes."
b'i have a million dollar idea that i will share with the first million people to send me a dollar.'
b'i have an ap world test tomorrow and things are not looking great!'
b'i have an exam at 9am but thought it was great idea to go out in bolton'
b'i have an inferiority complex about my superiority complex. i know i am better than you, but i feel really bad about it.'
b"i have a problem with reading inappropriate tweets out loud cause i think they're funny but not everyone has my sense of humor"
b'i have a question " *teacher walks away* " um okay thats cool too'
b'i have a quiz in an hour. thanks " professor " for the vague expectations on how to prepare for it.'
b'i have asked that people who have a with my follow me.'
b'i have a strong desire to burn my flat down while my flatmates are sleeping.'
b'i have a test in the morning and i feel like shit. this is going to great weary face'
b'i have a very healthy eating lifestyle..'
b'i have been celibate for 4 fucking months " wow so long'
b'i have been up and down today : from hating everything because i am in pain to laughing so hard i cry. the joys of womanhood!'
b'i have been waiting for so long. i am so proud of you boys sending you lots of love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i have cute boys hit on me and i do not go for it bc i am a dumb bitch that's loyal to people that are mean to me lmao"
b"i have decided to leave my past behind me.. so if i owe you money.. i am sorry. but i've moved on."
b"i have died everyday waiting for you, darling, do not be afraid i have loved you for a thousand years, i'll love you for a thousand more."
b'i have five test tomorrow and then i go straight to work after that. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes life is great.'
b"i have had three different people pull their iv's out and walk down the hallway. blood everywhere. super fun"
b'i have homework to do and here i am laying in bed being all productive.'
b"i have just been accused of harassment (not sexual ) by the most irrational person i've ever known. it is true that i am so scary!"
b'i have just finished my research on the effect alcohol has on physical movement, the results were staggering.'
b'i have learned that pleasing everyone is impossible, but pissing everyone off is easy and fun as hell.'
b'i have like 80 pages to read & a shitload of questions to do...'
b'i have literally been laying in a towel for 25 minutes'
b'i have many talents... for example : sleeping.'
b'i have never worked with so many people who will barely talk to you.'
b'i have no motivation to do anything anymore. i wish i could just stay in bed and sleep for like two months.'
b'i have no problem texting while driving, but i will not text while going down stairs. that shits dangerous.'
b"i have no time for games in my relationships, unless by games you mean naked twister, i've always got time for that shit."
b'i have no time for stupid people but they sure do have time for me.'
b'i have not been doing any homework, can not sleep, and oh the rain messed my hair up neutral face'
b'i have not been on a date in such a long time jeez i just want cute hand holding and other dumb date stuff'
b"i have not been this disappointed since i first saw a real hedgehog and it wasn't blue."
b'i have not seen in literally forever. when i say forever, i mean a week.'
b'i have not talked to a lot of people in such a long time and i do not want to seem weird and text them out of the blue'
b'i have not tweeted a thing in forever! smh'
b'i have ocd and add, so everything must be perfect.. but not for very long.'
b'i have officially bought the first batch of halloween candies that will not make it to halloween.'
b'i have one or two passwords for everything if you figured them out you could probably take over my life.'
b'i have rather be stuck in my head... thank you very much'
b'i have so many ugly pictures of my friends purely stored for revenge'
b"i have some f 'ed up dreams"
b'i have so much fun just starring out my window'
b'i have spent a long time _____ my hair, but when i go outside the rain ruin it in one minute. (a ) doing (b )'
b'i have style i promise i am just too broke to prove it'
b'i have the best choice of friends'
b'i have the best luck'
b'i have the best taste in clothes im just too poor to prove it'
b'i have the power to make a girl from online to offline.'
b'i have the same thought when i watch horror flicks as when i watch my wedding videos. i should have known who the psycho was much sooner.'
b'i have the strange urge to wake up really early tomorrow before school and go for a run... i guess i am really excited to go on break'
b'i have the unparalleled ability to do absolutely nothing while simultaneously messing everything up.'
b'i have this disease where i am completely aware that i am annoying but i have absolutely no way to stop myself.'
b"i have this great midnight snack it's called, what do i think my roommate will not notice if i eat the edges off of"
b"i have this joke about my dick ; it's a real knee-slapper"
b'i have this problem where i do not have enough time to actually do things because i am too busy sitting on my ass doing nothing'
b"i have this problem where i am always hungry, always tired, or always stressed. someone tell me what it's like to not be at least 1 of the 3."
b'i have this really ugly thing on my face called my face'
b'i have three hours until i have to wake up and i just woke up unable to breath or move and i have a huge headache. life is good!'
b"i have time for :\xe2\x80\xa2 twitter \xe2\x80\xa2 texting \xe2\x80\xa2 eating \xe2\x80\xa2 listening to music now notice bullshit wasn't on that list."
b'i have to be rich one day because homegirl likes expensive things'
b'i have to be up in like 3. 5 hours do i attempt sleep or just not'
b'i have to get my blood drawn on tuesday and the last time i got my blood drawn i had two seizures so that should be fun'
b'i have to get up for school in 3 hours good'
b"i have to go wait at the bus stop and it's pouring rain good"
b'i have to learn to give, not because i have too much. but because i have knowing the feeling of having.'
b'i have tons of homework to do and still find time to fangirl i am awesome'
b'i have to read my comp. paper to 5 random guys at 3... i can not wait to hear their comments...'
b'i have to sleep with a blanket no matter how hot it is.'
b'i have to wake up at 3:45 tomorrow morning and i am not excited'
b'i have to wake up in 4 hours for a lab and an exam right after that and i can not sleep! good me! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i have trust issues because of the 3 days free trial websites asking me to sign up with my bank details.'
b"i have twitter. maybe i'll make friends. but probably not."
b'i have two dance styles : sober, dancing silly as a " joke " or drunk dancing with confidence, same exact moves.'
b'i have two feelings, it\'s either " i am hungry " or " i shouldn\'t have eaten this much "'
b'i have two math tests tomorrow good i am so excited i am jumping with joy'
b'i have two moods :1. everybody get the fuck away from me 2. someone come over and cuddle and watch movies with me there is no in between'
b'i have two moods : sleep is for the weak and sleeping for a week.'
b'i have two tests tomorrow and i can not sleep. woot woot unamused face disappointed face'
b'i have unlimited texting and i only text like 3 people'
b'i have went through all of my grade school years without rumors being spread and it better not start now'
b'i have yet to encounter the looming dark force everybody seems to be wary of. i think never doing so would be good.'
b"i heard brian's sneeze all the way from england is this true love i think so"
b'i heard homosexuality is illegal in the middle east, punishment for being gay is jail, where you will be surrounded by loads of other men.'
b"i heard internet addiction is now an official mental disorder and you can go to rehab for it. i am only going if there's wi -fi."
b'i heard stories today of people in paris taking strangers into their homes to keep them safe. these may be dark days, but good will triumph.'
b'i heard that one direction have been banned from having sex when on tour. they have to sleep in different bedrooms.'
b'i heard the is gonna be on in the morning i gotta set my alarm for this one'
b"i heard you're a player. nice to meet you, i am the coach."
b'works now but i missed the first half of the woody show happy'
b'you need to play with me you fag and get over your self'
b"i highly doubt and really need free samsung products. hey, maybe they'll send me a tv and a tablet."
b'i highly recommend not scheduling classes on fridays. 3 day weekends are so choice'
b'i hit a parked car today so naturally i left a note. it said " die, decepticons! die! "'
b'i honestly cant imagine myself being with someone whose parents dont like me'
b'i honestly cant wait untill highschool is over & i can go across the country to uni :(('
b"i honestly do not know who's funnier than me and amber tho"
b'i honestly feel so bad for whoever decides to marry my psycho ass one day'
b'i honestly hate people who do not leave voicemails like why did you call me i dont know no one knows'
b'i honestly regret every nap i passed up as a child'
b'i hope all of this is a dream i am having at the age of 7'
b'i hope all of yall are having a great day. if not then i am sending you all my love... \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i hope i frustrate you and you think about me a lot'
b'i hope im one of those kids who turns hot after high school and then everybody regrets not hooking up with me'
b'i hope i never have to find out who wins the " i love you more " argument'
b'i hope karma slaps you in the face before i do.'
b"i hope my future husband looks at me in the mornings how i look at my leftover pizza. ya it's looked better but it still makes my heart happy"
b"i hope nobody isn't losing any sleep over this game tonight!"
b'i hope popcorn appreciates what the microwave did for its career.'
b'i hope the nsa is concerned about how often my mother calls me.'
b"i hope they've put douglas alexander in charge of the voting system for he's a natural at dealing with these processes"
b'i hope you regret all the shit you put me through, bitch'
b'i hope your phone falls in the toilet, is worse than just saying i hate you to someone.'
b"i ignore my parents phone calls about as much as i ignore the 'check engine ' light on my car"
b"i ignore texts. i let the phone ring. it's nothing personal, but some people need to realize that sometimes i do not feel like talking"
b'i know you disappointed huh... had all your eagles lose joke pics loaded & ready. maybe next week'
b"i imagine it would feel awesome to have all of your homework that is due the next day done before bed... too bad idk what that's like"
b"i imagine when you die it's like walking outside on a sunny day after an early afternoon movie."
b'i involuntarily yell " becky look at that butt " anytime i hear someone say omg'
b'i joined the tourettes society today. it only took a minute to swear me in.'
b'i jus love wen the students be here doin they clinicals gives me time to white right pointing backhand index in peace raised fist face with tears of joy they forever bothering a nigga man weary face raised hand'
b'i just absolutely love that it takes 30/45 minutes, sometimes even an hour to get a text back!'
b'i just asked my 8 y. o. to quit yelling and he said, " i am not yelling. this is my voice and all my life i\'ve been whispering. now i am free! "'
b'i just attempted to wash a paper plate, in case you were wondering how much money i have.'
b'i just attract all the really awesome guys -_-'
b"i just be laughing like shit at these bitches like ha they love to sneak diss they soooo miserable that's why you do not have a nigga"
b'i just be putting the most bullshit ever in my papers... can not wait to get out of this sociology class.'
b'i just bombed the chapter 5 portion of my unit 4 exam ; great way to start break.'
b'i just can not stop thinking of all the people who signed my yearbooks that i have let down by failing to " stay cool "'
b"i just can not wait to see how the blm movement is portrayed in our children's history books"
b'i just did not have the staying power i should have last night. asexualreference'
b'i just do not have the brainpower for homework... i use too much of it to think of witty comments, and i can only be so awesome smiling face with sunglasses'
b"i just finished the office - i am not well - i am so sad it's like concerning how upset i am about this - i really need to reevaluate myself"
b'i just get mad when nobody say bless you when you sneeze! try holding it in'
b"i just got a 'heeeey long time no speak xx ' text, i thought they were an urban myth"
b'i just got out of the shower and realized i only shaved one leg'
b"i just got the best quiz grade i've ever gotten in college algebra."
b'i just got told that i look like mila kunis again! i get so excited because she is my girl crush! such a compliment.'
b'i just kill them with kindness'
b'i just knew i was about to eat on lunch break damn bank card at home pouting face'
b'i just like to be left alone sometimes, no i am not angry, no i am not sad. i just like to be alone'
b'i just lost my mood ring, i do not know how i feel about that.'
b'i just love allergy eyes and breakouts on the same day... unamused face'
b'i just love being blown off. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3'
b'i just love being called bai \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i just love being called & woken up at 830am, after having been asleep only an hour, & screamed at by both my parents. so fun.'
b'i just love being covered in hives head to toe'
b'i just love being ignored smile'
b'i just love being talked to any kind of way.'
b'i just love being treated like shit.'
b'i just love clinical mornings.'
b'i just love clinicals at this time of day!?'
b'i just love coming home and getting yelled at for something that i already took care of by myself'
b'i just love coming home to my house being 91 degrees smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love crying at training face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love discussing the different types of suicide this early in the morning.'
b'i just love doctors offices expressionless face'
b'i just love family arguments'
b'i just love freaking being ignored and not texted back. 3 people ignored me today 3! i love it it always makes my day.'
b'i just love geometry soo much'
b'i just love getting a play-by -play of daves life i am on snapchat'
b'i just love getting a random schedule change and not even knowing about it! smile'
b'i just love getting inside headers. beater inspection :-/ very therapeutic!'
b'i just love getting rained on while wearing white shoes expressionless face'
b'i just love getting shots'
b'i just love getting talked to like i am 5 yrs old'
b"i just love getting to work all weekend and have my plans cancled. it's just the best thing ever. smiling face with horns"
b'i just love getting up this early to go into school worry'
b'i just love getting yelled at every day smile'
b'i just love going on a long run and then coming home to spaghetti unamused face'
b'i just love hanging out with married women...'
b'i just love having grungy ass hair expressionless face'
b"i just love having my body being a little boy's personal racing track! lol expressionless face"
b'i just love having my eyes water when i sneeze'
b'i just love having nightmares and waking up 2 hours early...'
b'i just love hearing peoples opinions on things they know absolutely nothing about! angry face'
b'i just love how i can go to my friends for advice.'
b'i just love how i start wedding planning in my head only at night. i mean, who needs sleep anyways... smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love how my floor leaks when it rains!'
b'i just love how my manager thinks i could handle anything..'
b"i just love how my marketing teacher thinks it's okay that more then half of the class did not even get a 50 on the quiz expressionless face"
b'i just love how my parents invade my privacy..'
b'i just love how people try to tell me how i should feel.'
b'i just love how teachers have this magical connection with each other that makes them schedule tests in the same week.'
b"i just love how you're always there for me"
b'i just love it so much when you leave me on read \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i just love it when i dont have air in my car, and my driver's side window doesnt roll down."
b'i just love it when i use new face wash and my face breaks out in a rash'
b'i just love it when my arena lights go out when i still have 3 more horses to ride.'
b'i just love it when my brackets come off my teeth relieved face'
b'i just love it when others make decisions for me.'
b'i just love it when people do not text me back.'
b'i just love it when the lrt goes down after the hockey game. expressionless face'
b'i just love it when you sneeze and all the mascara you just put on goes under your eye expressionless face'
b'i just love living in a haunted house. neutral face'
b'i just love missing the bus!?'
b'i just love mondays unamused face'
b'i just love my friends smiling face with halo no matter what goes down i am always here for them relieved face'
b'i just love my job!'
b'i just love registering for classes'
b'i just love rumors \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x88'
b'i just love school board meetings relieved face'
b'i just love sitting in traffic!'
b'i just love sleeping thru alarms and nor going to classes im paying thousandths for'
b'i just love spending lunch with myself confused face'
b'i just love the drive back to brookings'
b'i just love these kind of days...'
b'i just love the unfollow bug.'
b'i just love this new weekly thing of being wide awake every sunday night before my 9am smile'
b'i just love to wake up at 12:30 to puke... now my throat hurts face with medical mask'
b'i just love you have this guy that is 100% laid back and keeps to himself unable to shut the fuck up when hes left alone w the lizard for 5min'
b'i just love waiting at the doctors office pouting face'
b'i just love waking up being yelled at what a lovely morning'
b'i just love waking up to 16 messages, 7 snapchats, 4 miss calls!'
b'i just love waking up to a message in the morning, it just starts the day off so good tbh'
b"i just love waking up to doctors doing bloodwork or giving me new iv's"
b'i just love waking up to the sound of the band room'
b"i just love when i get emails informing me that there was a sexual assault on tech's campus"
b'i just love when i am listening to my music on shuffle and then all of a sudden u2 starts playing.'
b'i just love when my classes get canceled. now i do not have anything to do today'
b'i just love when people do not send a snap back'
b'i just love when people lie straight my face.'
b'i just love when people talk about their boring work projects at lunch.'
b"i just love when some dude in my building smokes a blunt inside since it's raining and sets off the fire alarm so we all have to go out smile"
b'i just love when you act like this smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i just love writing 3 page essays first thing in the morning on a monday'
b'i just need a really quick 4 min to 2 year nap'
b'i just need to get my shit together " - me in 2009/2012/this time last year/a minute ago/next year probably'
b'i just noticed that i liked almost every post of yours in instagram. i like your face too much ha'
b'i just poured a cup of water on a cat so i could tell my friends i made a pussy wet without lying. this is what my life has become.'
b'i just put new face moisturizer on and my entire face is covered in hives and swollen... happy thursday'
b"i just read last year 4, 153, 297 people got married. i do not want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number."
b'i just realized everyone in the lizzie mcguire movie are supposed to be 12.'
b'i just really really really really really really really really really really really really really really do not give a shit'
b'i just received a text to landline call. that has not happened in a long time'
b'i just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching... my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.'
b'i just saved a bunch of money on valentines day by switching to single.'
b'i just saw a disclaimer that said " do not try this at home ", so i tried it at my neighbors house.'
b'i just saw the lady from the book store who i had beef with and she would look at me!'
b'i just shaved one leg... confused face'
b'i just so love getting called into work early loudly crying face'
b'i just spent like an hour destroying my hair by curling it then realizing it looks bad so i straightened it'
b'i just started to love my teachers smile'
b'i just think polls are fun, sorry... but not really face with tears of joy'
b"i just thought i was calling it a night. covered in hives, guess i'll hit up the er real quick"
b"i just told someone that i have to pee pee. it's hard toggling back and forth between being a parent and being a dude."
b'i just took a shower and only shaved one leg.. what is wrong with me lol'
b'i just wanna be barefoot in a bikini eating some fruit on a pretty lil island'
b"i just wanna make the best with everybody. life's to short for this arguing and drama shit."
b'i just wanna sleep for 4 years and wake up with my degree and 5 billion dollars in my bank'
b'i just wanna travel the world and not have to care about anything'
b'i just want a boy to see me and go " yes " and keep thinking " yes " for a very long time'
b"i just want a girl that'll do stuff with me like bake goodies and reclaim the world from the cruel grasps of socialism and capitalism"
b'i just want clearer skin and 5 million dollars in cash'
b'i just want : nice legs long hair good friends money clothes, shoes, food, a flat stomach, a cute voice and laugh what did i do wrong'
b'i just want perfect skin and hair and teeth and body proportions and endless supplies of money and intelligence is that too much to ask for?'
b'i just want snow and twinkly lights and and my house to smell like pine trees and 25 days of christmas on abc family'
b'i just want somebody to want me lol'
b'i just want to alternate between napping and eating all day everyday while getting attention, so basically i just wish i were a dog.'
b'i just want to be famous enough to have a wikipedia page full of misinformation about me.'
b'i just want to be perfect... nah just kidding, i love being weird.'
b'i just want to be tan and be in a bikini'
b'i just want to lie in bed and not participate in life'
b'i just watched thor for the first time while doing some homework, and it was awesome. definitely one of my new favorites.'
b"i just went down to mcdonald's in harlem. i do not get what all the hype is about. this shake is pretty normal"
b'i just.. wish i could talk about the shit i think about sometimes'
b'i just wish i lived in cali so i could do crazy reckless shit w crying face'
b'i just wish once someone would call me " sir " without adding, " you\'re making a scene. "'
b'i just witness a couple fighting over a cheating situation and the male was defending himself by saying " but i wore a condom tho baby "'
b'i just woke up and im covered in hives ffs'
b'i just woke up from a 9 and a half hour sleep and i feel so good'
b'i just woke up, i love sleeeeepp!'
b'i just woke up my dog to tell her i love her and appreciate her and she just grumbled at me i still love you'
b"i just woke up to this they're so goddamn beautiful i love these angels so much"
b'i just worked the world eat hardest fucking shift with absolutely no food, have to come home to homework and dads making me do chores smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i just yelled in here ksdbsjdb i love jake'
b"i just yelled omg niall's american accent!"
b'i keep a no. 2 pencil in my pocket just in case motherfuckers wanna test me.'
b"i keep going in the fridge hoping to see some shit knowing it ain't shit i want in there"
b"i keep having to untangle my headphones after all the wild sex they've been having in my pocket"
b'i keep hitting " remind me later " for the ios update and i just realized that\'s kinda symbolic of how i generally handle life'
b'i keep making my self sneeze & i love this feeling'
b'i keep my house cold like a casino. once your inside, you get shit done.'
b"i keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die."
b'i keep to myself a lot due to the fact that no one understands.'
b'i kind of hate to mix politics and literature but this thing from is really interesting :'
b'i kiss boys to smoke with me. smile'
b'i know a couple people that owe me my time back'
b'i know fireworks like the back of where my hand used to be.'
b"i know he's going to do great on his exam (s ). sparkles"
b'i know i have a lab report due at 11:59 tonight and i am still laying in bed oh well fuck it'
b"i know i have not mentioned it lately but i've been working! did my 1st feature film over the summer &doing my 2nd this spring. details soon"
b'i know i look awful thanks for reminding me pal'
b'i know i am an adult because i just went to the bank on my lunch break and now i am tapping my foot impatiently bc i have to go back to work'
b'i know i am an adult now, but i still hold out hope that money will fall out of every card i get.'
b'i know i am insane for it, but i have literally wanted to be in a fight club since i was ten.'
b'i know i am not " a " and i am not " c "... because i know were meant to " b "'
b"i know i should respect your opinion but i find that difficult because you're a fucking idiot."
b'i know it\'s fun to say, but some ladies do not like to hear " boom pregnant! " when you finish up.'
b'i know ive matured cuz in high school i woulda quit this job already for lack of challenge & variety. totally needed a degree for this'
b'i know loving me has never been easy, i am like a wild fire that\'s hard to tame, but i want to thank you for loving me anyways " \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i know no one will remember it'
b"i know one of y'all want to make a walmart run for me this morning. because i am your favorite."
b'i know that loudly crying face only 3 years to wait expressionless face'
b'i know the latin grammys \xe2\x80\x8bare on tonight however i am going to have to read the highlights later. i have'
b'i know time has gone (still ) love you... love you... i know only you can touch my heart as sun goes down. -\xe5\xa4\x95\xe6\x97\xa5'
b"i know you've been watching porn when i step in the room and you're on the computer staring at the google home page."
b'are you expected to make a full research or just a literature review then? perspective toward body image seems to be interesting.'
b'i laugh at my own texts before i send them because i am that damn funny.'
b'i laugh because all the girls that were my " suppose friends " are all up on him. that\'s just freaking awesome.'
b'i laughed out loud at total eclipse of the heart and portrait studio.'
b'i laugh even harder when i try to explain why i am laughing.'
b'i learned all my dance moves from the paternity test episodes of maury.'
b'i learned that lions mate over 50 times a day. mostly cause if a lion decides to mate with you 50 times a day, you would not have a choice'
b'i learned that people leave. even if they have promised a thousand times that they will not'
b"i leave homework to the last day because i'll be older and therefore wiser."
b"i leave notes on people's windshields telling them i smashed their car and did an amazing job fixing it."
b'i legit was suppose to enroll into another eng class today but then i took a nap and forgot and got enrolled to tht wait list instead'
b'i lent my girlfriend ten grand to get plastic surgery, and now she left me and i do not know what she looks like.'
b"i let a jehovahs witness in my home, i sat him down and said, 'what do you have to tell me?' he said, 'i do not know, never made it this far '"
b'i let my blind friend borrow money the other day. he said he was gonna pay me back the next time he saw me... wait a minute'
b'i let the phone ring instead of rejecting the call because i do not want the person to know i am ignoring them.'
b'i like a song. i download it. i listen to it a million times and then i hate it.'
b'i like coffee that kicks you in the face in the morning.'
b'i like conversations where i do not have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally.'
b'i liked a video from book review enough bant'
b'i liked my own picture on instagram by accident. how embarrassing'
b'i liked your hair better when it was longer " cool i liked you better when you weren\'t talking'
b'i like fake smiles and'
b"i like food and sleep. if i give you my food or text you all night, you're special to me."
b'i like food more than people.'
b'i like getting ignored by people. very mature of you.'
b'i like going to chem and learning about nasa..?'
b"i like hanging out with you, even when we're not naked."
b'i like him but not everything about him sure'
b'i like holding the door for people who are far away, you know so they have to run a little.'
b'i like how everyone is tagging people on top people on top people on my ig'
b'i like how the ninja turtles wear masks. good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything'
b'i like long walks on the beach being carried by jesus.'
b"i like most people as long as they're not behind a steering wheel or a keyboard."
b'i like my coffee like i like my women, hot and a lot of alcohol in em'
b'i like my relationships like i like my eggs : over easy.'
b'i like my women like i like my weekend - short, filled with liquor and gone by monday.'
b'i like napping cause it makes me forget about my problems for a while'
b'i like people who can keep the conversation going no matter how random the topics get.'
b'i like school and love learning but is homework really necessary? like imma bs it anyway'
b"i like sex how i like a boxing match - if it's not going to last multiple rounds, then you better knock me out in the first."
b'i like sitting at central by myself'
b"i like that first site lets you know when they're gonna come show your apartment..."
b'i like that! it makes me want to vote yes!'
b'i like the internet because you can ignore people and they cant do anything about it'
b"i like the ups guy because he's a drug dealer and he does not even know it."
b'i like this time of year because, instead of getting asked " good weekend? " on monday mornings, everyone asks " so breaking bad, huh? "'
b"i like those friends that you do not have to talk to every day but you're still friends even if you go weeks without talking."
b"i like those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and it's not weird at all"
b'i like to dump skittles in the toilet and then flush it because it looks like a little tiny nascar race.'
b'i like to enjoy myself. not fucking run.'
b'i like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone " i am truly 1 of a kind davido fa'
b'i like to hide condom wrappers in my married friends pockets.'
b'i like to imagine that braille on random public signs often says : " how did you know this was here? "'
b'i like to party, and by party i mean watch netflix'
b'i like to reward myself for getting up on time by laying in bed for another 20 minutes.'
b'i like to smile at people who do not like me because i am an asshole'
b'i like to start my day by taking a shower, having some coffee and going online for 14 -16 hours.'
b'i like to take an empty krispy kreme donut box to work and sit in the break room and watch all of the disappointed faces'
b'i like to think i treat my body like a temple. a temple of doom, but a temple nonetheless.'
b'i like to walk around my house naked. until my neighbors scream at me to go back inside.'
b'i like to walk up to strangers and ask, " would you take a photo of me? " if they say yes i hand them a photo of me and walk away.'
b"i like turtles because they're so chill. they do not hurt anyone. they're just like, 'hey man, i want to swim, and maybe eat some lettuce."
b'i like turtles'
b'i like when mike does not tweet me but favorites all my tweets... cc :'
b'i like when people call me " sir ". i just wish they would not follow it up with " you\'re making a scene. "'
b'i like when we text for 2 hours and then i ask a yes/no question and you go on a hot air balloon ride for 5 days.'
b'i like when you do not text me for 4 hours then we have a 3 minute phone call.'
b'i like you, but not put my phone away while you talk to me, like you.'
b'i listen to music everyday, no matter what mood i am in.'
b'i listen to music more than i listen to my parents'
b'i listen to your prayers, but only to correct their grammar.'
b'i literally almost get in a car accident at least once a day...'
b'i literally almost passed out because i went to shower and there was a huge bug in the shower.'
b'i literally already love clinicals'
b'i literally can not deal with this weather.'
b'i literally can not remember the last time i went to bed when the clock actually said " pm " on it'
b"i literally can not wait to see live... they're my go to pandora radio 'likeyou"
b'i literally cnt sit down and watch football.. idk why i just cnt'
b"i literally cry & wipe my own tears, pick my own self back up, & keep going cause nobody is gonna rub my back & say it's gonna be ok"
b'i literally do not understand rush hour traffic. the tollway is huge. why do i just sit here?'
b'i literally get paid to do my homework at work.'
b'i literally get so turned off when guys say they want to cuddle'
b'i literally go grocery shopping to relax. nothing is more calm to me than a three hour trip to walmart.'
b'i literally had no idea what i was doing on those exams. but i managed to pass 2/4 ap tests this year with little to no studying!'
b'i literally had the worst day omg'
b"i literally had to delete more than 50% of my apps, and multiple msg threads bc ios8 required so much freakin ' space."
b'i literally have more guys hit on me then girls'
b'i literally have no idea what im gonna do if i dont end up rich'
b"i literally just about killed myself falling down stairs and it's just 9:30 am... grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i literally just ate 1/4 of a pan of brownies...'
b'i literally just cried tears of happiness because i never have to go to guitar class ever again smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i literally just shaved one leg and then got annoyed and stopped'
b"i literally just want to throw up at couples tweets. like we get it, you're in a relationship."
b"i literally just washed my hair and this damn rain just soaked my hair again. great. now it's gonna be so frizzy disappointed face"
b'i literally keep finding myself singing anaconda out loud'
b'i literally look 10x uglier when i remove the make up'
b'i literally miss you sm face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'i literally need 39 points between luck & sproles tonight to win...'
b'i literally notice the smallest change in how people treat me and i overthink myself into thinking everyone hates me'
b'i literally sat in my bed all night stareing at my wall crying and slept for maybe 20 minutes'
b'i literally shaved one leg and forgot to shave the other oops'
b'i literally study 5 minutes before class.'
b'i literally tell people not to sit by me in this class cause i hate them...'
b'i literally think i wrote 200 full, top to bottom, notecards in less than 2 hours last night. \xe2\x9c\x8f\xef\xb8\x8f \xf0\x9f\x93\xa5\xf0\x9f\x93\xa4'
b'i literally told you to go away the first time, and you still continue to try to find me and talk to me.'
b'i literally took 20 mins to forgive out how to download a photo from my phone then attach it to an email face with tears of joy'
b'i literally wear leggings every day.'
b'i live for 5 hour practices'
b'i live in a town everyone claims to hate, yet they never leave.'
b'i live in fear that my death will somehow be connected to the opening of a pressurized pillsbury cinnamon roll container.'
b'i live right along the hess secondary school road and i would never do that shit.. they prob still wet the bed man'
b'i\'ll always be here. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i'll be burger king and you'll be mcdonalds, i'll be doing it my way and you'll be lovin ' it."
b"i'll be excited about shopping in the beginning but after a while i get bored & my body start hurting & shit face with tears of joy"
b'i\'ll be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again ".'
b"i'll be there in a second i just gotta finish writing this letter of apology to a club owner for tearing up his dance floor last night"
b'ill b nice for once ion wanna see a message from her mom threatening to get a restraining order on me'
b"i'll come home and there would be no food in the fridge face with tears of joy"
b"i'll cry at my wedding because it's a miracle it's happening."
b'i love when you " take a day off " to get work done and then you take a break from getting work done'
b"i'll fuckin wreck you in baseball"
b"i'll give someone my right arm for tssf tickets for petaluma tonight :-)))))) i am trying to get murdered in the pit"
b"i'll go to that theme park if you go. but we have 4 years to wait and see. :o )"
b'illinois (finally ) has legalized medical cannabis use - or'
b"i'll just eat a few then i'll put them away"
b"i'll just have 2!"
b"i'll kill you with kisses... and kindness!"
b"i'll make an attempt to sleep. as i've said attempt."
b"i'll never understand why british people lose their accent when they sing."
b"i'll only hit on a beautiful woman if she drives a sh*tty car. because then it's obvious that she's made several other poor life choices."
b'ill prolly be back on in like a half hour but i really need to focus on homework good i love school :))'
b"i'll start cleaning my room at 8:30"
b'i\'ll start studying at 5... " weary face'
b"i'll stop being sarcastic when you stop being a stupid fuck."
b"i'll stop dressing in black when they invent a darker color"
b"i'll take it, man. way too much to do to complain about more time."
b'i look at people sometimes and think, " that\'s the sperm that won, really? "'
b"i looked at the keyboard earlier and i noticed 'u ' &'i ' are together, it's meant to be! then i looked underneath it & it said jk"
b'i look forward to driving in this fog... for an hour.'
b"i look like a straight up bitch in my passport photo lol it's beautiful"
b'i look really good without makeup...'
b'i look so weird, the fcking rain ruined my face and hair, i still do not know how i handled the moment and did not cry'
b'i looooove having no air conditioning!'
b'i looooove when people are rude to me.'
b'i loooveeee when people text back... unamused face'
b"i lose all respect for myself when i bite my own tongue. i've been chewing for decades, how did i manage to f *ck that up?"
b'i lost aj green and jamaal charles from the same team on sunday, maybe my tight end puts up 40 points'
b'i lost my balance on an escalator and fell down the stairs for 2 hours.'
b"i lost my umbrella and it's pouring good"
b'i lost my virginity to soulja boys " kiss me though the phone ".'
b'i love 1d but i gotta get some sleep i love myself more than waiting up when i can watch this tomorrow'
b'i love 8 am classss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f expressionless face unamused face sleeping face'
b'i love a day off, but the unbelievable boredom is killing me.'
b'i love after school naps, but i can not stand being wide awake around this time unamused face'
b'i love a good sneeze'
b'i love a good trilogy but am confused about this one : clash of the titans, wrath of the titans and remember the titans'
b'i love allergy season and long classes and dying'
b'i love all nighters for school so so much i totally do not need sleep!'
b'i love allstate and people who ca ny drive and rental cars and insurance and chatham parkway toyota they make my f! cking day'
b'i love and crave mcds 24/7 but after i eat it i wanna puke'
b"i love ashton's tummy but i hate geometry"
b'i love asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because i am still looking for ideas.'
b'i love asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up... cause, you know... i am still looking for ideas'
b'i love a " you ain\'t going anywhere till we fix this " type of person'
b'i love awkward situation good'
b'i love barstow, but he gives so much homework'
b'i love bc when i was taking a shower she came in shut the light off & shut the door \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being able to not fall asleep!'
b'i love being a puzzle'
b'i love being a second option!'
b'i love being a senior'
b'i love being born on christmas!'
b'i love being by myself and being left alone'
b'i love being called a fuckboy'
b'i love being called a hoe and prostitute by my dad ((((:'
b'i love being called a spaz for just asking a question.'
b'i love being called " babe " & " baby " weary face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called " babe " it\'s just so sweet'
b'i love being called babe, wow'
b'i love being called baby and falling asleep on the phone and getting random paragraphs ugh smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called baby girl or baby smiling face with heart shaped eyes makes me feel some typa way'
b'i love being called baby girl, princess, beautiful & my love smiling cat face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love being called baby more than anything'
b'i love being called baby smiling face with heart shaped eyes weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d... only by my nigga tho lol'
b'i love being called " baby " or babygirl " weary face'
b'i love being called beautiful loudly crying face'
b"i love being called beautiful y'all i be about to cry. this girl looked me in my eyes and said that shit. i just laid my head on her boobs loudly crying face"
b'i love being called bud'
b'i love being called cute it makes me warm and fuzzy inside'
b'i love being called " daddy "'
b'i love being called princess but i think being called princesa is just tiny bit better lol'
b'i love being called princess, it makes me so happy.'
b'i love being called shordy'
b'i love being close to home and having an apartment so if i want to be left alone i can make a quick drive'
b'i love being excluded'
b'i love being ignored. especially by you.'
b'i love being ignored'
b'i love being left alone at home so i can clean the house my way without anyone bothering me smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being left alone but i hate feeling lonely.'
b'i love being left alone!'
b'i love being lied to.'
b'i love being mixed race sad'
b'i love being on campus on my day off from school'
b'i love being second choice'
b'i love being second choice to all my friends and being left out whilst they all make plans together ((:'
b'i love being sick and having to work anyway'
b'i love being sick weary face'
b'i love being single smile'
b'i love being stranded in my car during this storm. good study time tho \xe2\x9c\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being tackled at practice twice...'
b'i love being talked about behind my back that just means i aint got alot of ugly people acting like they care bout me'
b'i love being talked about, good or bad it lets me know i am doing something great.'
b'i love being talked down to'
b'i love being talked down upon \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f unamused face'
b'i love being talked over no please keep interrupting smile'
b'i love being talked shit about just shows people care'
b'i love being talked to like a dog!'
b'i love being talked to like i am an idiot smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being talked to like i am a three year old. expressionless face'
b'i love being talked to like i am stupid! it really brightens my day!'
b'i love being talked to like that loudly crying face'
b'i love being the first to make plans with people.'
b'i love being the only girl in class...'
b'i love being up early because all the hooligans are still in school or asleep lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e'
b'i love being up early enough for breakfast & coffee \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x95\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"i love being up early enough for mcdonald's breakfast"
b'i love being up early. i can sit and look outside while drinking a cup of coffee \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love being up early. i feel so productive lol'
b'i love being up early, i get so much shit accomplished in one day.'
b'i love being up early i hate getting out of bed'
b'i love being up early. i just hate waking up early.'
b'i love being up early in the morning i just do not like getting up early in the morning'
b"i love being up early in the morning. like i hate it for about half an hour but then it's really nice"
b'i love being up early in the morning now. i am so productive and i feel so normal. see you later'
b'i love being up early & not being tired'
b'i love being up early on saturday morning smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i love being up early on saturday when i was a kid it was cartoons i am an adult it's now power block all cars and trucks all morning face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i love being up early on weekends tbh'
b'i love being up early! " said someone whose favorite band is probably nickelback.'
b'i love being up early'
b'i love being up early, watching the sun rise.'
b'i love being up early when i actually have things to do'
b'i love being wide awake at 12:30 at night'
b'i love being wide awake at 1 am and not being able to fall back asleep... oh wait'
b'~i love being wide awake at 3:00am ~'
b'i love being wide awake at 3am with no one to talk to i really do'
b'i love being wide awake at 4 am'
b'i love being wide awake at 5 am when i have an exam in 4 hours.'
b'i love being wide awake at this time grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being wide awake since 4am on my day off.'
b'i love being wide awake w no one to talk to smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love being woken up for no reason when i barely got sleep the night before.'
b'i love being woken up'
b'i love being yelled at and questioned all because i decided to take a nap confused face smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love being yelled at while stressing over university :):):)'
b'i love blasting rap aka " ghetto poetry " at my works parking lot and yelling uhh yeah its lit shawty got a donk bros n \' hoes with some doe'
b'i love blurry pictures of people on adventures because they wanted to record the moment but were having too much fun to take a good photo'
b'i love burning my fingers on toast'
b'i love buying new things but i hate spending money'
b'i love cancelled classes time to decorate 4 christmas early!'
b"i love catching people smiling at their phones because is it a cute text? is it porn? who knows, but i am glad you're happy!"
b'i love chocolate milk. just had a big ole glass. but as an adult i have developed an allergy to milk. face with medical mask'
b'i love cleaning as soon as i wake up.'
b'i love clinicals, but being able to turn off my 4am alarm for the rest of the semester feels pretty nice. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love clinicals but getting up at 5:15 kills me'
b'i love clinicals but i hate getting up so early!'
b'i love college! except for the homework, exams, and late night studying.'
b'i love college smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love college tho so it's okay. like i even love the homework flushed face"
b'i love coming home in agonizing pain and getting yelled at bc i left work. unamused face'
b"i love coming home just to get yelled at it's gonna be a fun break."
b'i love coming home smelling like good old deli meat!'
b'i love coming home to 5 years of homework'
b'i love coming hone after a long ass day at clinicals to screaming, crying, yelling, and slamming of the doors. it helps me so much'
b'i love coming into work and nothing is done.'
b"i love coming up here and seeing entrenched in various arguments. it's very entertaining. grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'i love cuddling almost as much as i love money lmao'
b'i love dance class... pensive face'
b"i love darks night but i also love hot weather so i think i need to find both so i'll just move abroad"
b'i loved love getting up doing acoustic songs and stuff with my dancers. " -'
b'i love her work is amazing'
b'i love detroit!'
b'i love dogs so damn much like what did we do to deserve such beautiful sensitive little happy creatures'
b'i love doing 20 sprints in 103 degree weather'
b'i love doing 90 and 100 yard sprints just for warmups in football.'
b'i love doing economics first thing in the morning'
b"i love doing homework it's so chill right guys"
b'i love doing laundry'
b"i love doing nothing. it's my favorite thing to do."
b"i love doing pharmaceutical! it's so much better then clinicals smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i love doing stupid things with my friends. best memories ever.'
b'i love driving in the rain and almost rear ending a corvette smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love dry humping my pillow cxx'
b'i love dying in the middle of a practice exam, low blood sugars a fun diabetic thing'
b'i love ending my shift with a tip from a range rover face savouring delicious food'
b'i love english so much i would rather take a million english classes than 1 math class bye'
b'i love evening clinicals because i get to wake up, eat breakfast, then go back to bed until noon. relieved face'
b'i love everybody. some i love to be around, some i love to avoid, and others i would love to punch in the face!'
b'i love every single thing about this video weary face'
b'i love exercise classes on the beach. smiling face with horns'
b'i love falling asleep for 10 minutes and then being wide awake at 2 in the morning'
b"i love farran living in my house he's like a cat that makes ya peppermint tea and celebrates getting over his allergy by eating nuts all day"
b'i love feeling important to people like wow that means so much to me thank you god bless'
b'i love feeling like a second choice'
b"i love feeling like i am being lied to. it's my faaaaaav!"
b'i love feeling my son move but at night, it feels so weird. especially when i am tryna sleep weary face'
b'i love fighting with the one i love'
b"i love finding money in my clothes, it's like a gift to me from me"
b"i love flu, you can sneeze on people's face whom you hate"
b'i love food so much i literally think, " this is gonna be a shame to puke up later... " when i am sick.'
b'i love formatting dates in php.'
b'i love friday morning practices?'
b'i love fridays smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes 2 classes done before 12 start at 10 thank god'
b'i love front row seats to arguments'
b'i love getting harassed by the doctors who crippled my back'
b'i love getting home at 11 and still having to study and do homework unamused face'
b'i love getting home just in time to go to bed smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love getting ignored'
b'i love getting invited to stylehaul events that are always in calfornia smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes especially since i dont live in california smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes its so great'
b'i love getting off at work at 6 to come stand in a walmart line for a hour'
b'i love getting out of class at 1 everyday so i can have time not to do any homework'
b'i love getting to navarre just in time to see an awesome waterspout!'
b'i love getting up early but i love staying up late and i fucking love my sleep'
b'i love getting yelled at about money'
b'i love getting yelled at by people while i am at work'
b'i love getting yelled at for being drunk by a drunk hah'
b'i love getting yelled at for something i did not do smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love getting yelled at. i swear that turn me on so much. loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love getting yelled at. it's the best feeling. guess children do everything wrong"
b'i love getting yelled at. not'
b"i love girls who compliment other girls. too many girls thinking it's a competition these days. it's nice to be nice."
b'i love giving to my family and friends but i wish i had tons of money to buy that shit with'
b'i love god, and i am proud to say that.'
b'i love going into work at 4:30 in the morning'
b"i love going to bed at 2 and getting up at 730 it's so great"
b'i love going to bed at 4 then being wide awake at 8 smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love going to school all day then going right to work to work a 6 hour shift smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love going to schoolf for 7 hours then working a 7 hour shift for 3 days strait every week grinning face with smiling eyes weary face'
b'i love going to the gym at this time'
b'i love guys who love to stir up shit then want to play the victims after.'
b'i love/hate my work schedule.. love getting out at 3pm... hate waking up at 6am'
b'i love having 3 days off of work smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love having a brother who never texts me back about niece or how he is doing!'
b'i love having a car that does not run unamused face'
b'i love having allergies'
b'i love having a runny nose... no really, this is just what i wanted?'
b'i love having awful nightmares, waking up and being like oh its just a dream, then falling back a sleep only to have the same nightmare ;;;'
b'i love having my gender invalidated and my pronouns ignored and being called a name that makes me feel sick to hear :))))'
b'i love having nothing to do'
b"i love having perpetually swollen ankles. it's awesome"
b'i love having stains on my hotel bed'
b'i love having swollen cheeks! unamused face'
b'i love having tests monday morning at 8am.'
b'i love having the worst sore throat ever'
b'i love having to tweet stuff for classes'
b"i love having us history with buenafe. he's such a great person and teacher. favorite history class hands down can not wait for more!"
b'i love having writers block and a speech due tomorrow morning smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love hearing frank puke his brains out last night'
b"i love hearing sneeze it's so adorable"
b"i love hearing things about me that i did not know and aren't true!"
b'i love him so kych im so excited im tonna puke'
b'i love homework'
b'i love hot showers. i get yelled at because the bathroom be steaming face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love how 2 of the most disrespectful girls on the team are captains! just love it smile'
b'i love how alcohol can provide clarity and blurriness at the same time.'
b'i love how all dads think there doctors'
b'i love how all your tweets and instas are so original'
b'i love how as soon as the sun goes down everybody in my neighborhood meets up & we all just chill'
b'i love how bruised my foot is. lol'
b'i love how derek carr is even being talked about, getting compared to cam, we really are blessed wit a good qb'
b'i love how doctors keep on asking if there really is no way of my queer existence being pregnant'
b"i love how doctors looked at my foot and couldn't tell what's wrong & dad took one look and said i definitely have a torn ligament."
b"i love how even though i left people still keep me up to date with all the shit that goes down in clinton face with tears of joy face with tears of joy y'all are batshit crazy"
b'i love how everyone stopped texting me back unamused face'
b'i love how everything back fires. expressionless face'
b'i love how every time i come home the first thing my mom says to me is something bitchy & rude. nice to fuckin see you too.'
b'i love how happy everyone is today smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love how hypocritical he is face with tears of joy'
b'i love how i can always rely on my homework to keep me up late smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love how i can pull all nighters not bc i want to but bc my body physically does not let me sleep'
b'i love how i got a runny nose and all over night and i am still dealing with it confounded face unamused face'
b'i love how i got so pissed yesterday that i had to take a breathing treatment because it screwed up my breathing... unamused face'
b"i love how i have 22 days left before i go to the army and every single day i've been working at my farm. so glad i get some free time."
b'i love how i have so much energy when i want to go to bed.'
b"i love how i am just being told to mix medications know as doctors experiment because they have no clue what's wrong with me"
b'i love how is out tomorrow & my wifi decided to stop working. unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa3\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'i love how it took my parents almost 17 years to realize that i need to be left alone when i am upset'
b"i love how jj watt's comments are being ignored and dalton's response is being talked about more"
b"i love how most of the arguments are with nina. she's just a bitch."
b'i love how my " day off " consists of a ton of yard work smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love how my parents did not cry today because they are happy that i graduated and want me to leave already.'
b'i love how my phone facetimes random ppl whenever it wants...'
b"i love how my thursday's & friday's of classes link together so well that every week feels like a four day weekend. face with tears of joy"
b'i love how no ones texted me back about algebra'
b"i love how people in my school think it's a joke that someone wants to get involved in charity."
b'i love how people just do not react if you text them questions. makes life easy.'
b'i love how people say they\'re " expecting " a baby, as though it might be something else, like a penguin.'
b'i love how sick this heat makes me smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love how the iphone tells you when someone read your text'
b'i love how they just expect me to show up 15 minutes late every time i work third shift smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b"i love how they're takin his side over mine tonight"
b'i love how tina can not pick up my calls or reply to my texts but she can like my instagram picture!'
b'i love how we get so mad when we are about to sneeze and then it goes away'
b'i love how when i text billy to ask him a question he does not even answer me.'
b'i love how when my soap runs out in the shower, my shampoo magically transforms into body wash.'
b'i love how you lied to me instead of telling me the truth.'
b'i love how you made an effort to text me today. but what ever.'
b'i love & i mean absolutely l o v e being called babygirl smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i love in pretty woman when she shows that mean saleslady she's not a whore by getting the rich guy she's blowing to buy clothes for her"
b'i love it bc the entire earth is woke to ksoo like you get so many fanaccounts of people who dont even stan kpop and theyre all like/who dis/'
b'i love it how the commercials blare so loudly that i have to turn my volume down, but the sound for the game is so-so.'
b'i love it so much when you do that'
b'i love it went i do not procrastinate and it still takes until 11 pm to finish my work'
b'i love it when a lot of people always change plans on me..'
b'i love it whenever my brother gets up and turns on all the lights'
b'i love it when i buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put chips in it.'
b'i love it when i get hit in the face during gym smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i love it when i have zero messages..'
b"i love it when i look at you and you're already staring."
b'i love it when i am in public and people stare at me because i am on crutches... unamused face angry face'
b'i love it when i am wearing shorts and i have two cats in my lap and then the fighter planes go over.'
b'i love it when i send her something about tfios... she obviously loves it too...'
b'i love it when i sleep through my alarm and i am late for work!'
b'i love it when i spill stuff on my crotch while driving right before i am about to get out of the car'
b"i love it when it's dead quiet and i sneeze loud enough to be heard in the next county"
b'i love it when i write a discussion post and it does not submit so i get to start over and try to remember what i said.'
b'i love it when jack surprises me with a day off tomorrow smiling face with horns'
b'i love it when kids sneeze in my face'
b'i love it when my alarm does not go off face with cold sweat'
b'i love it when my cat spills a whole glass of water on my vanity while i am trying to get ready'
b'i love it when my dog pees on my bed... what a nice morning surprise no entry sign'
b'i love it when my husband gets hot head and then takes an hour to get home bc he had to stop to talk to people'
b'i love it when my plans never fully happen! it is just the best thing ever'
b'i love it when my tumblr dashboard is filled with grey boxes. saya. fifth on singingbee'
b'i love it when people drive by my house and either blast their music, or rev their engine.'
b'i love it when people help themselves to my stuff.. unamused face'
b'i love it when people put up pictures one by one on facebook.'
b'i love it when people start rumors about me'
b'i love it when people tell me that life was better before they met me neutral face'
b'i love it when people think i care and i dont face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x91\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9'
b'i love it when people try to hurt my feelings bc i don \xc2\x92t have any lol'
b'i love it when smart people do stupid shit.'
b'i love it when someones laugh is funnier than the joke'
b'i love it when the bus smells like cat piss and dirty laundry!'
b'i love it when this happens'
b'i love it when we have a 3am drive to the airport.'
b'i love it when you put your hand in my face while you sleep smile'
b"i love it when you're doing math homework and the problems are nothing like the ones you've done in class"
b'i love it when you wash your vehicle in 5 minutes later a bug splatters all over yiur windshield. gosh i love that shit.'
b'i love i work a bs job after classes at a gas station and watch these people use their welfare ebt cards for junk food... junk food'
b'i love just being out aside'
b'i love kissing & understanding my homework'
b'i love la because you can leave 2 hours before work and get caught in a shutdown freeway and show up 30 minutes late -__-'
b'i love learning about new or past things in sacred geometry'
b'i love learning, but lately it feels like my learning has only been guided in the direction of passing classes, not furthering my knowledge'
b'i love love love being second choice.'
b'i love love love that i am getting sick...'
b"i love make up but i couldn't see myself getting up & putting it on everyday unless i was a celebrity lol."
b'i love making other people happy it makes me happy seeing other people happy'
b'i love making people who already hate me hate me even more.'
b'i love math i hate geometry \xe2\x9c\x85\xe2\x9c\x94'
b"i love me! gonna love myself no i ain't got nobody else!"
b"i love men that apologize and do not know why they've upset you in the first place, makes me smile to know you listened and adjusted"
b'i love me some petty drama.'
b'i love metal bat beating the shit outta monsters one minute, being yelled by his sister for missing her recital the next hes so precious'
b'i love micca and liegha, but i am always stuck babysitting'
b'i love missing the bus and getting grounded the same fucking day justin fucking bieber comes'
b'i love missing the bus by 0. 000001 seconds and having to wait 10 minutes in the freezing cold'
b'i love missing the bus'
b"i love missing the bus when it's raining a volume equivalent to the weight of 17 double decker buses"
b'i love monday mornings at work!'
b'i love mondays because then i get to go to class'
b"i love monday's!"
b"i love mrs co's meditation classes bc i just slept in the pitch black for an hour and a half omg wow"
b'i love my baby puke yellow jersey said no one ever.'
b'i love my clients age range cause one hour i am teaching a little girl how to write her name & the next i am teaching a highschooler geometry.'
b'i love my friends cause if one person goes down we all go down together'
b"i love my friends so much! i know who's there for me when shit goes down \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i love my grade in photojournalism...'
b"i love my hair, i love it in all states, although it's only 3. face with tears of joy after the wash just left alone, blow dried, or pressed."
b'i love my really i do.'
b'i love my job just hate getting up early'
b'i love my job.. like not many people out there can wake up and genuinely say that they love getting up and getting on with their job'
b'i love my job once i am there but fuck, the thought if getting up and going is rough'
b'i love my landlords...'
b'i love my lil life, might not be much to you but dammit it goes down in my life. smirking face'
b"i love my mom. no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because i know, at the end, she'll always be there."
b'i love my relationship with my bed. no commitment needed. we just sleep together every night.'
b'i love my relief job. i just hate doing shift and group notes weary face'
b'i love my schedule fr i hate the evening shift like, i have to get through with that shit'
b'i love myself because i just yelled " yes daddy " while justin was talking. i couldn\'t help myself.'
b'i love my shift managers so so so very much'
b"i love my toilet. we've been through a lot of shit together."
b'i love noise people'
b'i love no sleep anguished face'
b'i love not being able to take the classes i want to take.'
b'i love not being able to walk!'
b'i love not feeling good at parties'
b'i love not getting a reply'
b'i love not having classes on fridays'
b'i love not having classes on thursdays and having a short day on fridays'
b'i love not having word on my computer its great, i can open up everything on blackboard.'
b'i love not working nights anymore smiling face with sunglasses'
b'i love one direction " well i love mcdonald\'s but you do not see me making an account pretending to be a chicken nugget, do you?'
b'i love parking across campus and walking in the rain smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love people that copy everything i do?'
b'i love people who are uglier than me ha wait'
b'i love people who can get along with anyone with no drama'
b'i love people who text back instantly'
b'i love periods! the cramps are so much fun i puke everywhere smile'
b'i love peter capaldis acting omg that speech is so emotional and i feel the twelfth doctors pain'
b'i love peter gabriel & how he makes me not do my homework'
b'i love plans that never happen.. need to find something to do!'
b'i love pop quizzes \xe2\x99\xa5\xe2\x99\xa5'
b'i love ppl who quote scripture while tweeting obnoxious, selfish, idiotic junk'
b'i love ppl who understand unnecessary fights/arguments and are able to drop it as quickly as i can. sleep on it, then forget the next day.'
b"i love puking because i am in pain. it's really fun."
b'i love seeing some of the straw man arguments some of the panel members make is a good laugh.'
b'i love random calls from sneeze'
b'i love reading about people who got sexually mutilated...'
b'i love reading arguments with ignorant white people. they always resort to " if you do not like it here go back to your country "'
b'i love reading political arguments on facebook face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love rting beyonce instead of doing homework'
b'i love rumors. i always find out amazing things about myself that i never knew about.'
b'i love rushing around pensive face'
b'i love sap!'
b'i love scaring kids.'
b'i love school cri lol'
b'i love school life i just hate the annoying teachers fake friends too much homework and waking up in the morning.'
b'i love school'
b'i love seeing all these " ready for college " tweets. really? you\'re ready to be broke and tired and hungry? no you are not.'
b'i love seeing middle schoolers tweet " school has me so stressed " and then " i can not wait for highschool " like hahhaha is that a joke'
b'i love seeing people i lost contact with happy & doing well. i truly hope they touch the lives of people around them like they touched mine'
b"i love seeing peoples reaction when you start treating them the way they've been treating you."
b'i love seeing the newest big sean track on my feed.'
b'i love seeing the way mingyu sneeze'
b'i love setting my hours at 6am b/c this is the only time in the day where i am left alone & i can properly plan out how to change my life.'
b'i love sharing two washing machines and two dryers with 74 girls...'
b'i love ships, but riding in them makes me puke.'
b'i love shoveling out tons of money for new tires on my car.'
b'i love sitting alone in class'
b'i love sleep because its like a time machine to breakfast.'
b'i love sleeping alone, can not have someone all up in my space'
b'i love sleeping, but i never want to go to bed early.'
b'i love sleeping by myself!'
b"i love snow... just not too much of it. unless it's enough to get me a paid day off work lol"
b'i love spending on supplements!'
b'i love spending countless hours at the doctors smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love spending my whole day off doing homework'
b"i love spending the night with because it's basically just practice for when we move in together"
b'i love taking naps on my day off sleeping face'
b'i love talking to you but you will not catch me losing sleep over you not texting me because i did not kiss your ass enough open hands sign'
b'i love teachers that are jerks to you for no reason a whatsoever'
b'i love teams who park the bus against us.'
b'i love that classmate who argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class.'
b'i love that doctors make house visits in argentina. last time i saw that in the us was on an episode of little house on the prairie.'
b'i love that feeling when you listen to an old song and you do not even have to think about the lyrics they just kinda come out'
b'i love that finding the online readings i am supposed to do for my class is like the worlds hardest scavenger hunt. pouting face'
b'i love that fog where you can not see 4 feet in front of you.'
b'i love that im wide awake with him sound asleep next to me'
b'i love that comments are literally being talked about on just about every outlet worldwide. listen daily at tazshow. com'
b"i love that pappadeaux let's me get off work around traffic hour."
b'i love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up'
b'i love that thing you do when you read my text and do not reply..'
b'i love the blue on blue & puke on puke colors the teams are representing tonight!'
b"i love the classes on it's the best way to learn new skills. click the link for a free month :"
b'i love the colorful bandaids doctors give you when you get a shot'
b'i love the fact my neighbors decided to move all their furniture at this time at night'
b'i love the fact that 96. 5 plays danza kuduro in the morning. it makes me feel better about being up early'
b'i love the fact that everyone just dies off at like 10:20pm and i am left alone without anyone to talk to. anyone care to talk? ;-;'
b'i love the fact that unc football is being talked about nationally'
b'i love the fact that you can spend your day off taking selfies and hanging out with your boyfriend instead of with your kids'
b'i love the fa to that townies can come protest on campus freely'
b'i love the feeling i get when i finish all my homework smile'
b'i love the feeling when someone cancels plans that you did not want to attend anyways.'
b'i love the flexibility of a freelance lifestyle. i get to chose which 40 hours a week i am not working! (the'
b'i love their arguments honestly face with tears of joy'
b'i love them and all but i am gonna puke disgusting face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i love the manners of people today...'
b'i love them for their cuteness but sometime i sneeze because of them ha :3'
b'i love them niggas that aint scared to work a 9 to 5 face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b"i love the people who talk about being up early, well while you're sleeping i am working!"
b'i love the presidential fitness test!'
b'i love these cats so much, i have them pinned on my door'
b'i love the sight of media trucks rolling up to campus on a friday morning'
b'i love the sound you make when you shut the fuck up'
b'i love the way her booty goes down like the economy'
b'i love the way you lie'
b'i love this argument! end this stupid relationship. get back to command now.'
b'i love this big sean verse " - nobody'
b'i love this game ; but roleplaying seems dead sad am i missing something? via/r/fallout'
b'i love this guy. perfect way to spend a day off mid-week.'
b'i love this little girl so much i miss her i can not wait til my next day off just so i can see her'
b'i love this oscillating fan, 5 out of every 15 seconds.'
b'i love this sleeping pattern, its so good. not only do i miss all my classes, but i also dont eat properly and become depressed! perfect.'
b'i love this song so much, our next single is jet black heart.'
b'i love those days at work when your shift goes by super fast'
b"i love those friends who you do not have to talk to everyday, but when you do talk it's easy and comfortable no matter how long you've been apart"
b'i love those memories that randomly pop into my head and have me smiling like an idiot for ages'
b'i love those new lincoln commercials with matthew mcconaughey driving in the dark and muttering nonsense to himself.'
b'i love those nights were everything runs through your head'
b'i love those people who make me happy when i feel like trash. yall are amazing. god bless you two hearts'
b'i love those people who stay up till 12:00am to be the first to wish you a happy birthday'
b"i love those people you can joke around with and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation with and it's not weird at all"
b'i love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.'
b"i love thursdays because it's my day off, but i hate it cause i am always being so lazy throughout the day"
b'i love to do housework in the nude. unfortunately for the neighbours, today i am roofing.'
b'i love to enjoy the special things in life : babies... puppies... and drinking tequila until i puke.'
b'i love to entertain people so much. some are annoyed by it. their argument is that i am trying to be the center of attention. of course i am!'
b'i love to get yelled at for doing nothing other than just exist'
b'she yelled at me while i was boiling water'
b'i love tripping on peoples shit in the morning smile'
b'i love trying to go to bed at 9:30 and still being wide awake two and a half hours later.'
b'i love waiting for at the doctors for 40 minutes and still not being seen smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love waiting for cast lists. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love waiting for the bus'
b'i love waiting in long lines for a parking permit'
b'i love waiting.'
b'i love waiting to exhale'
b"i love waking to everyone being rude to me. today's gonna be fantastic"
b'i love waking up after like 8 hours of sleeping and then being talked to like i am shit'
b'i love waking up and seeing this before work.'
b'i love waking up at 4 for clinicals smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat better be holding some cute god damn babies today'
b'i love waking up at 6 every morning unamused face'
b'i love waking up at 7 on a day off'
b'i love waking up early for doctors appointments'
b'i love waking up in the middle of the night to cramps.'
b'i love waking up late and almost missing the bus'
b'i love waking up late'
b'i love waking up the the smell of weed in the morning'
b'i love waking up to a dog sneeze in the face'
b'i love waking up to shit like that. today is already not starting off good.'
b'i love waking up with my eye swollen shut smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love waking up with my whole right side of my face swollen.'
b'i love waking with my eye swollen shut smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love walking from wilson all the way to dodge'
b'i love walking in the rain to class. \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love walking into work and seeing this in my desk at least i will not be bored'
b'i love walking to school smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'i love watching 2 people make out in class... \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'i love watching all my classes and clinicals full up'
b'i love watching arguments in the replies of a popular tweet'
b'i love watching botched mainly bc the doctors are soo funny. like seeing their reaction when the girl said she drained her own neck lmaoo'
b'i love watching someone trying to act cool, and miserably failing.'
b'i love watching the sun rise. i do not love being up early enough to do it.'
b"i love wearing sweatpants on the regular for school, or scrubs for clinicals, but there's times where i want to wear real clothes"
b'i love when 5 cop cars come flying by my house, makes me feel like i live in a good neighborhood smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when classes are short and get cancelled, but then again, i am paying for each class now soooooo grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love when colombia gets mentioned in my classes like yeah thats my country'
b'i love when drama goes down in class'
b'i love when every just assumes shit is try, instead of just asking about it'
b'i love when everyone just assumes things are true, instead of asking me about it'
b'i love when facebook is slow!'
b'i love when google autofills my stupid questions, cause it means other people have the same stupid questions'
b'i love when guys call me " my girl "... like " how\'s my girl? " i am freaking good. i am freaking way good. call me that again.'
b'i love when i am an hour late.'
b'i love when i do absolutely nothing wrong and still feel guilty when i get yelled at.'
b'i love when i go to do my math homework to see that my teacher changed the due date!'
b"i love when i have just as much homework over break as i do during the school year it's awesome"
b'i love when i have not talked to someone in a long time & they randomly text me \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when i make people smile like wow i did that'
b'i love when i am doing dishes at work & the water spills all over me, its the best.'
b'i love when i miss the bus by 1 minute smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i love when i am running late and other drivers want to drive the speed limit!'
b'i love when i see people using the elevator at the gym?'
b'i love when i sneeze idk why lmao'
b'i love when i sneeze right after i put on mascara'
b"i love when it's 10:30 at night and you get left alone to lock up how lovely is that"
b'i love when i wake up and go to take a shower and there is no hot water'
b'i love when john (my trainer ) says his favorite part of the day is trying to get me to puke face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i love when jonas wakes me up from a nap smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when math teachers put question marks on my tests cause i am just like yeah same'
b'i love when money was taken from my account and i have no idea where it went.'
b'i love when my a/c decides to start making high pitch screeching noises in the middle of the night. did not scare me at all'
b'i love when my backpack gets wet at school cause some idiot awesome'
b'i love when my geometry teacher grades my test right in front of me to tell me who bad i did smile'
b'i love when my hip hurts'
b"i love when my kids fight with each other the entire time they're getting ready for school in the morning!"
b'i love when my mum gives me a day off for a 42 degree day smile'
b'i love when my mum looks like dino when she just woke up from taking a nap " - paula'
b'i love when my neighbors upstairs stomp like elephants, crank up their music, and scream at each other \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when my night can go from to in one swift move.'
b'i love when my phone does not charge at night!'
b'i love when my retainers are super tight and make me talk so attractively!'
b'i love when my ribs are out of place and it hurts to breathe. weary face loudly crying face'
b'i love when my stepdad hurts my feelings and makes me cry and does not even care.. unamused face'
b'i love when my sunburn is so bad and the aloe on my back dries and i put a shirt on and my shirt sticks to my back wow the best feeling'
b'i love when nobody answers me.'
b"i love when npwireless goes down and its's immediately all over twitter"
b'i love when our plans get cancelled bt ur weed plans never do'
b'i love when people apologize to me about their rooms being dirt\xd2\xaf i am just like lmao \xd2\xafou should see m\xd2\xaf life'
b'i love when people ask to throw up the pitchfork. so much fun working at the lil saints practice tonight!'
b"i love when people ask 'what time does town close on a thursday?' as if there's a massive shutter that goes down at 9pm face with tears of joy"
b'i love when people come and pay in all coins.'
b'i love when people favorite a tweet but dont retweet'
b"i love when people i do not know call me out on stuff, it let's me know at least i am doing snorting worth being called out on for"
b'i love when people ignore me smile'
b'i love when people lie to my face.'
b'i love when people mess with my office'
b'i love when people open my snapchat and do not answer smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i love when people run their mouth about something they know nothing about. \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i love when people say : " i do not complain, but... " yes.. please tell me how you do not but will complain in the same sentence.'
b'i love when people see others doing something cool, and then they start copying them.'
b"i love when people tell me things upfront instead of doing it behind my back like yea it'll hurt my feelings now but if i find out later.. \xf0\x9f\x96\x95\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc"
b'i love when people unfollow me bc i voice my own personal opinion on my own fucking account. makes sense'
b'i love when phil & bosco scream my name in the halls'
b'i love when somebody posts a selfie and nobody likes it'
b"i love when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke"
b'i love when the 40 year olds i work with go home sick with a sore throat and need me to cover their shift'
b"i love when the sun goes down, it's too sunny all the time."
b'i love when they get yelled at'
b'i love when twitter follows people for me...'
b"i love when you just naturally click with someone. talking every day all day. no forced laughs, conversations, attention. it's rare tho"
b'i love when we have a sub in geometry. no work'
b'i love when you ignore me...'
b"i love when your dog poops in the house and it's the liquidity green type and then you proceed to puke on top of it!"
b'i love winning arguments lol. makes me feel gud inside even though i hate arguing. wow logic'
b'i love winter but at the same time getting up early in the morning is the toughest task of the day... crying face'
b'i love working at a doctors office'
b'i love working at concerts but i hate fan girls cmon now... have you never met a celebrity before?'
b'i love working hard, i love the grind'
b'i love working in sydney river it makes me want to go to work so much more!'
b'i love working midnights'
b'i love working night shift.'
b'i love working night shifts'
b'i love work'
b'i love writing arguments'
b"i love writing lyrics, it's my main skill i use in music college. i wrote most lyrics for our classes first song."
b'i love you in a bipolar way because i hate you.'
b'i love you is 8 letters long. then again so is bullshit.'
b'i love you but i do not have to like you right now. i need the hiatus to process.'
b'i love your hair. " " thank you, i grew it myself.'
b'i luuuuuuuuuv not having a phone'
b'i luuuuuuv getting attention like yes tell me how cute i am and how much you love me'
b"i luv when pretty girls call me pretty like bitch tf you too smile let's be friends"
b'ily but youre a bitch foo anyways glad i met you this year i love your personality'
b"i am 0 -2 in all 3 of my leagues. i couldn't bring myself to beat my pastor"
b'im 99. 9% sure im the ugly friend'
b'ima be like " hi im paul, i enjoy long walks on the beach and most definitely not the tennessee titans "'
b"i am a bi-polar tweeter. one day i'll tweet a lot, the next day i'll barely tweet at all."
b"i am a brat & i get mad over the dumbest shit but i can take real good care of you & show you what it's like to be cared for"
b'i am a broke bitch. but yet work two jobs over 50 hours a week and make well over minimum wage at both... sounds right.'
b'i am absolutely exhausted but this was 1 of the best nights of my life. thank you so much for being so rad you never disappoint.'
b'ima call you " jose " cause you believe everything " these hoes say "'
b'thank god for im a celebrity, now more than ever do we all need an injection of fun. thanks everyone. its fun to laugh.'
b'i am actually really nice, until you annoy me'
b'i am actually really worried that nobody will ever fall in love with me.'
b'i am actually real pissed about the fact that i only shaved one leg, fack'
b'i made a fallout 4 joke in lab tonight and now half my students think i am the coolest prof ever.'
b"i made a promise w my classmate, if school ends early tomorrow, we'll go to kpop store good"
b'i made fun of royston and then immediately burnt my finger... my finger feels like harvey dent b'
b'i made it through the school day without melting into a puddle! good'
b'i made the super awesome decision not to take notes in calc today and well now i can not do my homework'
b'im a different person at 2am than what i am at 2pm'
b'i am a dyslexic agnostic insomniac, i am awake all night wondering if there really is a dog.'
b"i am a feisty latina not going to lie yeah i try not to be but it's in my nature"
b'i am afraid when i meet god, he will sneeze and i will not know what to say.'
b'imagine a boy praying to god that he gets to marry you'
b'imagine alicia keys complaining in a super market " this milk is expiiiiiiiiiiirrrrrreeeeeedd "'
b'imagine all the amazing places you could take naps if you were superman.'
b'imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they argue with random people in celebrities instagram comments'
b'imagine going to sleep at a decent time and feeling rested in the morning'
b'imagine having a teacher named alejandro and whenever he calls on you, just be like : " do not call my name, do not call my name, alejandro. "'
b'imagine how awesome life would be if you could be allergic to homework.'
b'imagine how different your life would be if you said literally everything that came to your mind.'
b'imagine how freaked out the first human must of been on the first sneeze.'
b'imagine how short church would be if busta rhymes was the preacher.'
b'imagine if drake and taylor swift were in a relationship and then broke up'
b'imagine if women posted comments on dude\'s facebook/instagram pics the way men do on women\'s. " ur crotch bulge looks great! hmu sometime "'
b'imagine if you called the wrong number and the person who answered was a celebrity. " hello " " mom? " " no. this is morgan freeman "'
b'imagine life waking up to this every morning!'
b'imagine someone actually givin a fuck? about ur day? and your feelings? imagine someone giving a fuck about you?'
b'imagine this : you\'re home alone and you sneeze. suddenly the phone rings and you answer, then someone whispers " bless you " and hangs up'
b'imagine waking up next to the person you love every morning.?'
b'imagine : you\'re home alone and you sneeze. suddenly the phone rings and when you answer... someone whispers " bless you " and hangs up.'
b'i make some pretty epic faces when i play soccer ha'
b'i make sure that i sleep in until at least noon every day, that way i never have to worry about morning breath.'
b'i am a lazy texter. i read a text and i forget to even reply.? if i text you 24/7 then you must be special.'
b"i am a lazy texter. unless you're cute or i like you."
b"i am a leader. not a follower. unless it's a dark place, then fuck that shit you're going first."
b'i am allergic to daim bars but i love them so much that i used to eat them and then throw them up (bc allergy ) like nearly weekly'
b"i am allergic to dogs however i love them so much i am willing to just take allergy medicine. i guess that's why i have 2 of them lol."
b'i am allergic to the soap we use at chipotle and my arms are covered in hives like 24/7'
b'i am almost 24, but i am still hoping for one last wave of puberty to hit and make me hot.'
b'i am almost certain the upstairs neighbors currently have a mix of cows, horses, and elephants stomping around and for that you are the worst'
b'i am a love machine & i will not work for nobody but you winking face'
b'i am already gonna be late so i might as well just sleep for another half hour'
b'im always assuming shit... but 9 times out of 10 im always right lol'
b'i am always being forced at work to do things i am not qualified for... like being nice to others.'
b'i am always frank with my sexual partners. do not want them knowing my real name.'
b'im always hungry angry or tired theres no in between'
b'i am always looking forward to class.'
b"i am always low key upset when men who dress themselves well end up being out of shape. like in a suit they're a dime but a naked 4."
b'i am always so proud of myself for not scheduling classes on thursdays or fridays because i love sleep'
b'i am always stuck babysitting smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am amanda and i love sebastian more than i love the thought of burning my geometry book'
b'i am amazed at how far guys will go to try to make me jealous. my ex is married now with 3 kids -- i see right through that.'
b'i managed to buy wholesale without a wholesale license today. fake it till you make it! and yoga pants.'
b'i am an amazing cuddler. i am not nationally ranked or anything but i dominate the local circuits.'
b'i am a passionate supporter of things that do not inconvenience me or require any type of action or physical effort'
b'i am arguing, like " what kind of doctor can we fly in?! ". you know the best medicine go to people that\'s paid'
b'i married a fucking h *pkins. but in my case literally rt k*tie h *pkins.'
b'i am a smart person, i just do stupid things.'
b'i am assuming greek yogurt is just regular yogurt but with way more hair.'
b'candy would be great, as would sleep. i will attempt to do both.'
b'i am a teenager. my music will tell you a lot more about me than my mouth ever could.'
b'i am a teenager why does my back hurt i am not 70 years old'
b'i am at my most awesome when automatic doors open at the very last second, and i do not look worried at all.'
b"i am at my most vulnerable when i am trying to figure out the sensitivity of the hot/cold knobs of someone else's shower"
b'im at school and i didnt blow dry my hair noooo ppl are gonna see me with wet hair'
b'i am at that awkward age where half my friends are in love and having babies and the other half are too drunk to even find their phones.'
b"im at that point where i dont care about what happens to some people anymore. ya'll dont even appreciate me why should i"
b"i am at that point where i do not even care if people like me anymore. if you like me, cool. if you don't, okay."
b'i am attracted to people i have no chance of being with.'
b'i am attracted to you in the weirdest way... " wow, thanks for the fucked up compliment.'
b'i am awake when you all are! go me! really'
b'i am awkward when people compliment me. " nice hair " me : thanks, i grew it myself'
b"i may act like i am sassy but if you're mean to me there is a 900% chance i'll cry"
b'i may be ugly but my taste in music is better than yours'
b'i may have bad skin but my music taste is perfect'
b"i may look calm, but in my head i've already killed you 3 times, and hide the body."
b"i may look like i have it all together but i am only wearing this wedding dress because it's laundry day."
b'i may look like im listening to music but really i have my volume on zero and im listening to everyones conversations'
b'i may not be perfect, but at least i am not fake.'
b'i may not be right but atleast i won the argument " - my gf'
b'i may not have a boyfriend but at least my box dinners tell me i have a family of 4.'
b'im back from school its pretty late my teachers had only good things to tell my mother. too bad it was raining so im wet sad'
b'i am back to being shitty and awkward again good'
b'i am beautiful'
b'i am beginning to think that i buy bananas just to watch them die a slow death in my kitchen.'
b'only do you help but you entertain also! you give a lot to the gaming world'
b'i am cold and tired and just wanna snuggle up in my covers but no. i have a 4 chapter test to study for hahahahahahaha good college'
b'im cold upset sore and hungry, gr8 day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i am comfortable with you when : - i am weird with you - i sing whatever song comes into my mind - i say what's on my mind - i talk nonsense."
b'i am constantly torn between being a good person or a sarcastic little prick.'
b'i am covered in hives and have no idea why somebody help.'
b'i am covered in hives loudly crying face'
b'i am crazy and i am ruthless.'
b'im crying my sister pulled up with my mom at my school to pick me up blasting ah yeah it made mt day im laugjing'
b'i am currently exhausted and look like shit... good for being called into work...'
b"i am currently making some changes in my life. if you do not hear from me anymore then you're probably one of them."
b'im currently studying chemistry for fun since when did i become this brown'
b'i am currently wearing cowboy boots & shorts & a nike jacket'
b'im dead ass sleep & the fire alarm going off, i went to go see what happen & the whole 3rd floor floor is flooded & its raining in our rooms'
b'i am doing a follow spree right now so like or retweet this if you want me to follow you back friends \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd'
b'i am doing great today thanks for asking \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am doing nothing, and it feels great... smile'
b'im doing nothing but drawing su great'
b"i am done arguing with you guys. like i said i d have chris paul bringing up the ball for me every game.. cuz he's the best"
b'i am done being a good friend to those who do not deserve it.'
b'i am done getting my hopes up. pensive face'
b"i am done losing sleep over someone who's sleeping with somebody else"
b'i am done with my graduate school applications so i may just sit on the floor and cry tears of joy'
b'i am drinking for evolution, so that my children will have a stronger liver.'
b'i am dropping my new single its called stressed out featuring me.'
b'i mean come on who would not wish they were here rather then in this shit weather crying face crying face crying face'
b'i mean great news always come at the right time smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i mean i just love eating alone'
b'i mean... i am in love but those kind of messages on facebook make me wanna puke.'
b"i mean it's not like i've been a british citizen from birth and now just want to get my daughter a passport"
b'i mean not having a phone is kinda relaxin..'
b"i mean who does not love seeing the hatred in someone's eyes as they look at you"
b'im eating una sopa huevona right now and watching cupcake wars... loving life...'
b'i am ending my summer off great sitting inside all day doing nothing? lol'
b'i am excited for two hot guys hurting themselves and seeing & react? what is not to love!'
b'im failing algebra and geometry love myself'
b"i am feeling really burnt out emotional today and it's not fun"
b'i am feeling worse every hour such a great time to get sick! am i right?!'
b'i am feelin super special right about now :-))'
b'i am fucked up thanks i know mom'
b'i am getting back to england on the same morning that school starts...'
b'i am getting my phone tmrw after school good'
b'i am getting off of twitter for a long time. if you need me, just text or call. thanks. just got too much on my mind.'
b"i am getting pissed if there's no food when i come home lol"
b'i am giving out poison dart frogs for christmas i hope the ppl i give them to become stiff with joy'
b"i am glad asher killed that bitch. i've been over her since the beginning of the season"
b'i am glad banterra answers their 800 number.'
b'im glad dogs cant read the " no dogs allowed " signs so they dont feel sad & left out'
b'i am glad every bitch that use to fw my baby terrified a me so ion got play them ex games lbfs face with tears of joy'
b'i am glad everyone in my house is in such a great mood..'
b"i am glad her ass is dead. good. that's what happens when you pry bitch"
b'i am glad i do not fuck with a lot if hoes i use to life so peaceful'
b'i am glad i got this bitch of my mind.'
b'im glad i pay a shit ton of money to come to this school and do absolutely nothing all day.'
b'i am glad i still get fire drill notifications from jessup.'
b'i am glad i still get the text message and phone call for jessups fire drills.'
b"i am glad it's 6 am and i am just going to bed. thank you freshmen."
b"i am glad katrina died praise be to the witnesses... bitch was taking up abbie's time slot on to season 3 i go."
b'im glad my friends talk to me...'
b'i am glad my pets missed me while i was gone!'
b"i am glad pathophysiology isn't one of those important classes that the professor needs to show up for."
b'i am glad people can not see how i have them saved in my phone. contact names like, " do not answer " and " douchebag " and " owes me ".'
b"i am glad school taught me the pythagorean theorem instead of how to do my taxes. it's come in really handy this pythagorean theorem season"
b'im glad sinclair bitch ass dead'
b'i am glad so many ppl have visited me in edmond \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am glad that bitch dead. she was so aggy'
b'i am glad the quiz questions correspond with the chapter'
b'i am glad they killed that prosecutor bitch tbh'
b'im glad this bitch leaving for the weekend'
b"i am glad we'll be at two different events i would hate to have too throw my drink on a bitch relieved face"
b'im going back...'
b"i am going on a 2 week streak of no homework and it's pretty awesome"
b'i am going to attempt to sleep now. good night'
b"i am going to be an awesome college student because i've already perfected the staying up late to read and do homework part"
b"im going to bed bc im tired and im excited bc it's eva's and michael's birthday tomorrow good"
b"i am going to bed but i know my european peeps are just getting up... so here's my love yourself cover video! love ya!"
b"i am going to bed if i do not wake up for handwritten revisited i'll get it tomorrow morning but know i am super excited"
b"im going to bed im excited to see michael's tweets + the boys ' tweets to michael for his bday when i wake up goodnight"
b'i am going to bed ".. really means.. " i am going to lie on my bed and be on my phone.'
b"i am going to bed with my hair soaking wet. this isn't gonna be good"
b'i am going to be so late on getting ios 8'
b'im going to be working 10 days in a row without a day off until thanksgiving.'
b'i am going to change my name on facebook to " benefits " so that when you add me, it will say, " you are now friends with benefits. "'
b'i am going to clean my house today... and by cleaning, i mean drinking beer and spraying everything with febreze.'
b"i am going to cry because i am going to miss so much when he's gone... loudly crying face face with tears of joy"
b'i am going to hit my head against a wall while hoping this idiot gets killed off soon. is certainly getting me to react to it.'
b'i am going to invent " tanning "!'
b'i am going to miss watching the sunrises when i do not have my early class anymore'
b'i am going to name my dog curiosity and see what my cat loving friends think about that.'
b'i am going to puke i love her'
b'im going to school with wet nails ihms'
b'i am going to sleep now but i am excited to see where oaoa will be in the charts when i wake up'
b'i am going to start responding to videos people post of their babies on facebook with videos of me getting nine hours of sleep'
b'i am going to start wearing a whistle around my neck, so i can call penalties on people who piss me off.'
b'i am gone make it happen but i got 2 years to wait'
b'i am gonna attempt to sleep now ok ok ok'
b'i am gonna complete the assignments, project, prepare for the test tomorrow " crush : hi " stupid college, who cares i am a thug'
b'i am gonna go stand outside. so if anybody asks, you can just say i am outstanding!'
b'i am gonna just take a quick nap before i go to bed.'
b'i am gonna kick your ass you freaky girl!'
b'im gonna like ur selfie even if you didnt like mine to show whos the better person'
b'i am gonna look ridiculous at school tomorrow, i can not wait smile'
b'im gonna loveeee waking up at 5am everyday for schoollll'
b'i am gonna love you like nobody loves you'
b'i am gonna make you mine, " i whisper as i right click & save image as.'
b'i am gonna name my kid " karma ", so when they grow up they\'d be justified in every wrong thing they do to you!'
b'i am gonna stay up and watch the great gatsby bc priorities and then bomb my algebra iii test tomorrow morning \xc2\xaf\\_ (\xe3\x83\x84 )_/\xc2\xaf'
b"i am gonna strap a snowblower on my roof and start driving south. when someone asks me what it is, that's where i am gonna live."
b'i am gonna swing from the chandelier tommorow'
b'i am gonna wear this shirt that shows 3/4 of my boobs. then i am gonna call you a pervert for looking " - girl logic'
b'i am gracie! i got lazy in the shower and only shaved one leg face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i am having a lot of adventure type of dreams/nightmare lately. i do not know if i consider them bad dreams or not because i somehow enjoy it.'
b'i am having a problem in call of duty, i go to the menu and... ok by now the girls have stopped reading this, anyone know any good porn sites?'
b'i am having thanksgiving with my mom & she knows literally everything about me so no awkward questions from family good'
b'i am here on twitter because my family is on facebook.'
b'i am his favourite'
b'im home alone for two days which means not going to school, masturbating, eating whatever i want, blasting mitam in two days hell yeah'
b'im home the rain fucked up my hair'
b'i am honestly so excited to fall asleep next to her on saturday and wake up next to her on sunday'
b'i am hoping he drops that shit before the end of the year because rp2 will not get dropped till next year'
b'i am hoping its because of pms but at the same time i am not because i reeeeallly will not be ready to deal with this shit every month'
b'im hoping to hit 5k followers one day weary face'
b'i am hungry i am tired i need to pee. yay.'
b'i might be fake but at least i never turned on gabriella to impress my basketball team worry'
b'i might be ugly but i used to be uglier believe it or not'
b'i might get home at a decent hour'
b'i might go to sleep now bc ive just really stressed myself accidentally using most of my data in the first half hour of it getting refreshed'
b"i might look calm, but in my head i've punched you in the face three times."
b'i might not have classes on fridays next quarter'
b'i might puke i love this so much'
b'i might seem really sassy but if ur mean to me i might cry'
b'i am " i had to change the channel to 3 to play video games " years old.'
b"i am in a long distance relationship. my girlfriend's in the future."
b'i am in a really good mood so no one piss me off thanks'
b'i am in a relationship with sleep and i get some every night... and if i am lucky i get some during the day.'
b'i am in love with everything you do, from how your smile forms on your face, to how it frowns when you see me leaving for work, just everything'
b'i am in love with i feel like i am doing my own cooking classes without having to share my space & food with strangers.'
b'im in need of a hug and 5 billion dollars in cash'
b'i am in such a great mood today.'
b'i am in this really great habit of screwing up my right hand/ wrist...'
b"i miss being able to slam my phone down when i hang up on somebody... violently pressing 'end call ' just does not do it for me"
b'i miss being a child with no worries or stress in the world'
b'i miss being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.'
b'i miss being a little kid... you fall asleep on the couch and magically transfer to your bed.'
b'i miss being called shasha.. one reason why i love being around my aunt'
b'i miss driving late at night with the windows down, music blasting and wind blowing through my hair. yeah, i miss that.'
b'i miss flip phones bc if you were pissed off you would just be like bye bitch and close that shit'
b'i miss flip phones because at the end of a conversation you could always dramatically close them like, bitch whatever.'
b'i miss having a body pain because of working out ; ff to summer pls \xf0\x9f\x8f\x8b\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6'
b'i miss having a flip phone like when i was done with someone i could just close it like bitch whatever'
b'i miss jersey shore so much. someone bring it back.'
b'i miss my boyfriend too much for someone who sees him every day lol'
b'i miss my fiance. crying face i hate that he works all day, but i love when he comes home to me after his shift with so many kisses and cuddles smiling face with heart shaped eyes loudly crying face'
b'i miss : \xe2\x9d\x92 my old friends \xe2\x9d\x92 being happy \xe2\x9d\x92 the person you used to be \xe2\x9d\x92 the good times \xe2\x9d\x92 my childhood heavy check mark all of the above.'
b'i miss my phone like a prostitute misses her virginity.'
b'i miss and working w her and summer :((((('
b'i miss seeing your name show up on my phone.'
b'i miss the days when homework was just... coloring.'
b'i miss the screech of a connecting modem remember these 10 tech terms?'
b'i miss when i was little i did not care about my weight, clothes, or hair i just did what made me happy.'
b'i miss you a lot more than i realized. things keep happening and i always find myself wishing i could tell you about them.'
b'i miss you cutie. even though i would fight you everyday in geometry you really made the day better. much love princess'
b"i miss you... just kidding, i am glad you're out of my life and you can go fuck yourself bitch"
b'i miss you'
b'i miss you, not the " i have not seen you in a while " kind of miss you, but the " i wish you were here at this very moment " kind of miss you'
b'spider web i miss you too fag, your name is still jb on my phone loudly crying face we need to play some soccer together \xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'i am " i wish you kids would stop with the fireworks, i have to work tomorrow " years old'
b'im jealous of people who can have fun colored hair and look good'
b'i am juss hoping do not nobody be of that piece of paper shit saturday'
b'i am just a few smartphone apps away from never having to talk to anyone again.'
b'i am just a fucked up person, thanks for reminding me'
b"i am just a girl, standing in front of a self-checkout, screaming that there's no unexpected item in the bagging area."
b'i am just a man standing in front of a woman, who is standing in front of another man who is in front of another woman in line at taco bell.'
b'i am just a needy piece of shit that needs constant reassurance that i am wanted'
b"i am just a simple man, spreading the message that you can use two pancakes to make a sandwich. am i a prophet? that's for history to decide."
b"i am just a yearnin ' for some learnin '"
b'i am just fucked up in the head thanks to my past'
b'i am just having the greatest luck tonight'
b'i am just having the most greatest day...'
b'im just waiting for the day that our upstairs neighbors fall through our ceiling, sounds like a heard of elephants up there face with tears of joy unamused face'
b'i am kind-of hoping that i legitimately feel like shit enough to not be able to attend, just so i do not have to deal with her.'
b'i am learning how to let things go, one throat at a time.'
b'i am leaving for maybe a long time? so if you want to text me, dm me your imessage'
b'i am legit disappointed with some of fans & nation smh the homie passed out & you worried about b. s & talking shit not squared cool'
b'i am like a finger in your a**. i am either a pleasant surprise, or i make everything awkward and uncomfortable.'
b'i am like an iphone. i lose energy without doing anything.?'
b'i am like so jealous right now! face with tears of joy raised hand'
b'i am literally covered in hives & my parents are still like " go to school ur fine "'
b'i am literally exhausted and i have one class left why me'
b"i am literally my own best friend. i have inside jokes with myself, and sometimes i'll start laughing out loud at how funny i am."
b'i am literally not ready for a relationship bc i am a huge slut. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'i am literally running around the house and doing pushups and jumping jacks trying to make myself tired.'
b'i am literally so awkward lol good'
b'i am literally so out of shape like internet explorer could probably run faster then me.'
b'i am lookin mighty fine this morning... face with tears of joy'
b"i am losing a ton of sleep to watch this why couldn't they have picked fans that actually weren't dumb af for once"
b'i am losing sleep cause i can not ignore feeling your touch all around... (\xe2\x99\xaa)'
b"im losing sleep for this and all they're talking about is the god damned potato why"
b"i am losing sleep just thinking of you sleeping face but i feel like it's fine \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i am losing sleep over this band i am not ok with this'
b'im loving you back on gmb! an injection of fun in the mornings, amid the gloom.. long stay please piers smile xx'
b"i am lying i'll be sleep in the next half hour once i really lay down face with tears of joy"
b'i am mad when i got off work today i came home to a fucked up ass living room thanks to erin unamused face'
b'i am marrying the guy that will dance w me around the kitchen in the refrigerator light at 2 am'
b'immature = a word boring people use to describe fun people smile'
b'imma write this boy a manual on my preferences before he snapchats me like a fuckboy again'
b'i am missing form tomorrow to take my grandad to a hospital appointment what a thrilling life i lead'
b"i am moody like squidward. sometimes selfish like mr. crabs. a bit dumb like patrick. but i'll be there for you like spongebob."
b'i am more afraid of leaving my phone unlocked around my family than i am of dying'
b'i am more confused than rick ross with a bowl of salad'
b'i am more of a " the glass is half shattered into a million tiny pieces " person.'
b'i am multi talented, i can talk and piss you off at the same time.'
b"i am naturally a fast texter so if it takes me more than 15 minutes to text you back, 95% of the time it's intentional."
b'i am neither an early bird nor a night owl, i am some sort of permanently exhausted pigeon constantly flapping around'
b'i am nervous about doing this cleanse, i am worried that after i flush all the toxins out of my body there will not be anything left'
b'i am never shocked when people let me down nowadays. i just hate the fact that i put myself in a position to be let down in the first place.'
b'i am never sure if i actually have free time or if i am just forgetting everything i have to do'
b'i am nice and i love talking to people. but lately i rather be left alone.'
b"i am nice to the weird kid, so he'll spare my life when he snaps"
b"i am no expert, but i am pretty sure a lot of economic problems could be solved by extending the mcdonald's breakfast menu back out to 11am."
b'i am no fancy shit, but i actually really love designing clothes to wear, now i am hoping to get my sewing skills up to make them happen'
b"i am no mathematician, but i'd say about 46% of the popcorn i grab at a movie theater ends up in my mouth."
b'i am not a christmas person but i am so excited to wake up christmas morning with wilson smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"i am not against homos o \xe2\x88\x80 o i actually enjoy staring at c, since he's very coughsgaycoughs hehehe"
b'people trying to shove christ down my throat piss me off. i am happy with my religion, thanks.'
b"im not a loner that has no friends cat face with tears of joy it's just i enjoy being in my own space dawg"
b'i am not a mechanic so i do not know why, but my car seems to make a screaming noise whenever i run over people.'
b'i am not a morning person or a night time person i do not think i am even a person.'
b'i am not anti-social, people are just annoying.'
b'i am not a picky eater or anything but i will look at both sides of a dorito before i eat it to decide if its got a good cheesy dust ratio.'
b'i am not a recluse, i am just playing hard to get with society'
b'i am not a second option. you either choose me or you f*cking lose me.'
b'i am not a stalker ; but you should wipe from front to back.'
b"i am not built for this shit but i am tough i'll get through any situation"
b"i am not clumsy. it's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies and the walls get in the way."
b'im not dating anyone but i know exactly who i want'
b'im not even a 2nd choice im like an 8th choice sometimes a 10th'
b'i am not even excited for thanksgiving because like.. divorced parents and having to pick which one to have lunch with w/o hurting the other'
b'i am not even half way done with clinicals and my feet hurt, i am hungry, i might fall asleep... but i absolutely love it bc the people face savouring delicious food'
b'i am not fat. my stomach is 3d.'
b'; i am feeling it todaay. unamused face \xe2\x98\x81\xe2\x98\x80'
b'i am not funny. i am just really mean and people think i am joking.'
b'i am not funny i am literally just a bitch and people think im joking face with tears of joy'
b'im not going to have classes on fridays next semester. i am so happy'
b'i am not going to lie, i miss dry humping'
b'i am not going too lie, i am a twitter junkie.'
b'i am not ignorant, i just do not care what you have to say.'
b'i am not judgmental, so when i see a person driving slow in the fast lane, i never assume what gender she is.'
b'i am not lazy, i just really enjoy doing nothing.'
b'i am not lazy, i am on energy saving mode.'
b'i am not lost. i just like walking around campus for 30 mins.'
b'i am not okay on'
b'i am not really liking how every isaac patch just makes the game less fun through unnecessary nerfs.'
b'i am not really sure i was just having fun hahahahah'
b'i am not rude, i just say what everybody else is thinking.'
b"i am not saying golf isn't a sport, but you have to do paperwork while you play it."
b'i am not saying i believe in the zombie apocalypse. i am just saying walmart.'
b'i am not saying i hate you but if you were on fire, and i had water, i would drink it'
b'i am not saying i have a hangover, but i can hear light right now.'
b"i am not saying she's a hoe... but she's taken more loads than a washing machine."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but her favorite shade of lipstick is penis."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but if her vagina was a video game it would be rated e for everyone."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but she's been on more wieners than ketchup."
b"i am not saying she's a slut, but they're probably gonna have to bury her in a y -shaped coffin"
b'i am not saying shes a slut, i am just saying if her vagina had a password, it would be 1234.'
b"i am not saying she's a slut, i am just saying she should sleep in her own bed often."
b"i am not saying she was stupid, but i asked her how to spell mississippi and she said'the river or the state?'"
b"i am not saying that i've been online too long, i am just saying that when i close my eyes i scroll through my thoughts"
b'i am not saying we should kill all the stupid people. i am saying remove all the warning labels and let things sort themselves out.'
b'i am not spoon fed like the rest of yah bitches! i have to grind hustle and penny pinch to enjoy living life! so fuck what you heard'
b'i am not stupid. i am just too lazy to show how smart i am.'
b'i am not sure how many problems i have because math is one of them.'
b'im not sure if im hungry but im gonna eat anyway just in case'
b'i \xc2\x92m not sure if my body can handle much more of this \xc2\x93getting out of bed \xc2\x94 nonsense'
b"i am not sure what post it was the cause of me losing 2 fb friends today, but if i find out which one it was i'll make sure to post it again!"
b"i am not sure when i'll start school maybe late august so august sounds good"
b'i am not the " cute " awkward im the " what the fuck is wrong with you " awkward'
b'i am not totally useless i can be used as a bad example.'
b"i am obsessed with my space & alone time so if i wanna spend time with you or talk to you consistently, just know you're special"
b'i am obviously quite the fashionista.'
b'im off a half hour of sleep and im hungry loudly crying face weary face weary face unamused face'
b'i am offering a cyber bullying self-defense course at the ymca where we aggressively close browser windows and switch computers off'
b'im off, homework, studying &sleeping, have an awesome day everyone &omg michael is 20when i wake up :o one direction 5 seconds of summer'
b'i am off to a great start this morning'
b'i am on a 16 -hour odyssey to discover if working one miserable day and having a day off is preferable to 2 normalish work days.'
b'i am only a morning person on december 25th.'
b"i am only as nice as people allow me to be, so do not push my b*tch button and we'll be great"
b'i am only bad at 3 things and math is both of them.'
b'i am on that good juice and apple sauce. i got the ice-cream man i can call'
b'i am on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle'
b"i mostly use facebook to check if a guy i used to work with knows he's gay yet."
b'i mostly use social media to take the piss i have been told, dont worry i will get bored eventually'
b'i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you i am over you " hey "... great, just great.'
b'i am pleased to say that i just used some germ -x and got rid of 99. 9% of germs on both my hands and probably got them back while typing this'
b'i am prepared for it all'
b'i am preparing for the worse and hoping for the best real shit'
b'im pretty sure by now " tired " is just part of my personality description'
b'im pretty sure dogs think exclusively in exclamation points and question marks'
b"i am pretty sure he's talking to another girl now so yeah that's fantastic i am so happy"
b'i am pretty sure i have a defective iphone 5, i keep pressing the home button and i am still at work.'
b'i am pretty sure my upstairs neighbors are elephants that yell a lot.'
b'i am pretty sure the whole ladies first thing was created by a guy just to check out a **'
b'improve your day by ordering coffee in the voice you use for your pets.'
b'i am quite confident that the reason i am single is because i did not forward that chain letter in 2003.'
b"i am ready move in with alexis so we can buy furniture and go to the farmers market on sunday's and cuddle every night relieved face"
b'i am ready to stand on the sidelines again for this jv game!'
b"i am really about to start distancing myself from certain people, sorry but it's for my own growth."
b'i am really a down ass person i just have controlling parents lol'
b"im really clueless so pls spell out very obviously exactly how you feel in full detail or i'll constantly be worrying about how much you hate me"
b'i am really excited to go to sleep and probably almost definitely wake up again'
b'i am really glad we do not have to hunt our own food anymore... i do not even know where sandwiches live'
b'i am really going to be so swole when i have classes on fridays next semester'
b'i am really good at flirting with people when i am not interested in them'
b'i am really good at giving other people life advice but when it comes to my own life i have no idea what i am doing'
b'i am really good at keeping secrets because five minutes later i forget what you told me because i do not care.?'
b'i am really happy my kindle chose the day before i go on holiday to break waa'
b'im really hungry but i know ill need a fag later on'
b'i am really not this mean i just get upset when some irrelevant person comes and steals our well deserved spot away'
b'i am related to all the original first black presidents. obama'
b'i am requesting all night shift jobs out of the hall i love working nights'
b'im running on a half hour of sleep and apple juice'
b'i am and ik it \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'i am saving my virginity for someone special, " your name i am my phone is someone special. "'
b'i am searching facebook for people named hontas, just because i think it would be cool... to poke a hontas.'
b'i am seriously craving baked oatmeal so unbelievably bad! i might actually have to make it for myself'
b'i am shy at first but... i do the stupidest random shit when i get comfortable with someone'
b'i am shy at first, but once i am comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.'
b'i am sick and tired of people telling me to turn off lights to save the environment. i tried it once, and i nearly killed some guy on a bike.'
b'im sick and tired of waking up everyday with less than 1 million dollars in my bank account'
b'i am sick of numbers defining me. my gpa my sat score my weight my number of likes per picture my grades... these things are not who i am'
b'i am single because... \xe2\x80\xa2 i already have food \xe2\x80\xa2 people are confusing as fuck \xe2\x80\xa2 i am never good enough \xe2\x80\xa2 the person i like, never likes me back'
b'i am single but my heart is taken " bitch, he does not love you.. stop being stupid & move on.'
b'i am sleeping on my couch because i am too lazy to go to the dryer to get my sheets i just washed. putting them on is such a chore'
b'i am slightly pissed and on my way home from watford. but i saw the arse lost and now i hear the pool are beating shitty 0. 2. nice evening smiling face with open mouth'
b'im smacking like shit on these frooties in her ear, she prolly like i wish this bitch go to sleep face with tears of joy'
b"i am so afraid of losing the bus tomorrow morning that i decided not to sleep tonight! my bus is at 8:30 and now it's 03:18! almost there!"
b"i am so angry and irritated and annoyed and tbh, for no reason. i wish i wasn't this way. but shit happens."
b'im so annoying if you ignore me once i will think you literally hate me forever'
b'i am so bored of being bored because being bored is really boring.'
b'i am so bored. such a great way to end summer'
b"i am so different, nothing like them other's"
b'i am so done can i get checked out of school bc my jeans are wet and it looks like i peed myself'
b'i am so excited for a half hour sleep in tomorrow'
b'i am so excited for everyone who went to sleep to wake up and feel as happy as we all did when we first heard the album'
b'i am so excited for grill shift tomorrow morning i love grill shift..!'
b'i am so excited for the return of charlie morton tonight.'
b'i am so excited that my stomach is hurting. kinda wanna throw up, kinda wanna throw confetti. \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'i am so excited to come home tomorrow and sleep and wake up a week later'
b'i am so excited to have kids and make them do chores'
b'im so excited to take these tests in bio, apush, and math like good school'
b'im so excited to wake up at 4 for my flight tomorrow!'
b'i am so excited to wake up at 6:20 in the morning'
b'i am so excited to wake up tomorrow & drink my smoothie'
b'im so excited to wake up tomorrow to listen to new album \xf0\x9f\x8d\xbe\xe2\x9d\xa3'
b'i am so exhausted for someone who did not go to one class today.'
b'i am so fucking tired and forgot to put on a bra... good'
b'im so funny and relatable why does everyone hate me lmao'
b'i am so glad i do not have to see this emily sinclair bitch next season'
b'i am so glad i do not have to worry about being too big of a bitch for him anymore.'
b'im so glad i found out where this bitch i beef it with lives smile once im not pregnant anymore she will see around ;))'
b'i am so glad i set my alarm correctly, woke up on time, and did not have to jump straight out of bed and run to class.'
b'i am so glad my parents answer the phone when i call.'
b'i am so glad she gone. bye bitch'
b'i am so glad that my one finger got bent back at practice yesterday smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i am so glad the nfl is honoring women's rights by having players wear pink..."
b'i am so glad this white bitch dies today'
b'i am so glad wes shot her lol annalise is one crazy bitch'
b'i am so glad you care.'
b'i am so glad you guys believe in me.'
b'i am so good at explaining how i feel'
b'i am so good at sleeping. i can do it with my eyes closed.'
b'i am so grateful for the people who do not give up on me and are patient with me while i am distant and trying to figure myself out'
b'i am so happy i drive to school because now i get to leave early and do the project the bitch said she was going to type!'
b'im so happy'
b'i am so happy that everyone else is not busy and can stand in front of my door and be loud.'
b'i am so happy to be home!'
b'i am so happy we have mature guys at this school'
b'i am so honored.'
b'i am so hungry i could eat without looking down at my phone.'
b'im so insecure to the point when ppl look at me i assume im being made fun of and when ppl compliment me its because they feel bad'
b'i am so looking forward to getting out of bed to buy stuff for chocolate covered strawberries for our work party at noon today. unamused face'
b'i am so looking forward to yet another michigan winter of -20 degree days and blizzards every other day.'
b"i am so much better now that you're gone."
b'i am so not excited for the numbing stuff to wear off i have a feeling getting tissue cut out of ur breast might end up hurting'
b'i am so old i remember when a hashtag was a pound sign, and before that we played tic tac toe on that shit.'
b'i am soo tired... " *stays up all night on phone *'
b'i am so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'i am so over this bitch sinclair glad she fell off the damn roof face with tears of joy'
b'i am so proud of myself like i am actually headed to this lab. good me smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am so proud of myself'
b'im so psyched for that exam result tomorrow worry'
b'i am so pumped for this college algebra test tomorrow!'
b'i am so pumped i already have hw a week before i go back to school!'
b'i am so ready for it, it hurts even frigid'
b'i am so ready to get off and sit on my butt for the rest of the day'
b'i am so ready to move out on my own and have a cute lil apartment i can design exactly how i want to smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'im so relatable why dont i have my own tv show yet'
b'i am sorry. did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?'
b'i am sorry if i was rude to you earlier. i thought you were the ugly one in that picture.'
b'im sorry im on a freakin roll tonight...'
b'i am sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch i honestly thought you knew'
b'i am sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch, i honestly thought you knew.'
b'i am so screwed for my exam tomorrow but sleep sounds so great right now.'
b'i am so sick of being a good friend to those who do not deserve it'
b'i am so sleepy but l do not wanna sleep until later to attempt to get my sleeping pattern back on track'
b'i am so sleepy i literally just walked right into a wet floor sign and knocked it over in front of einstein bros bagels'
b'i am so stoked to study for another 5 hours'
b'im so sweet smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i am so tired and i have a shit load to do good'
b'i am so tired but i am going to watch jimmy kimmel good'
b"i am so tired now but as soon as i even attempt to go to sleep it'll be like i had several cups of coffee."
b'i am so tired of people arguing that the best way of helping poor people is to get money to rich people.'
b'i am so tired that i could sleep for 2 weeks straight and still be tired.'
b'i am so tired that i shaved one leg twice and left the other one unshaven'
b'i am so upset at everyone and everything but i can not deny that the ending was so well written and performed ugh'
b'i am so upset. that was such a tough loss but our boys kept up really well. so proud of you boys! tourney here we come \xf0\x9f\x8f\x88\xf0\x9f\x90\x94'
b'i am squirming i reet need a fag'
b'im staring my past mistakes while jesus is telling me to turn around and look his salvation & future victory.'
b'i am starting to get that " fuck it " attitude about everything.'
b'i am starting to love math because of geometry wahahaha'
b'i am starting to think that some of you are misspelling words on porpoise.'
b'i am still at school. hungry. have to take bus home. tired from bike ride. good me'
b'i am still covered in hives what the heck'
b"i am still pretty disappointed that this breaking amish show isn't about a bunch of amish people making crystal meth"
b'i am still waiting for my princess diaries transformation where are you paolo'
b'i am still wide awake & i have a lab in five hours smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat good melatonin'
b'i am stress deep cleaning my room. this better help.'
b'i am stuck babysitting jaylenes fake baby lmfaooo'
b'i am stuck babysitting till 2 or 3 am and my phones in 15% and these people only have iphone 4 chargers sos i repeat sos'
b'i am such a bad friend when it comes to communication like if you do not try to contact me you will not hear from me for months at a time'
b'i am such a dog at swimming'
b'i am such a genius that i think 13 +15 =27. it does right?'
b'im such a good teacher you dont need to study " - mr meyerson lol'
b'i am such a bitch, its beautiful'
b'i am such a sensitive ass person but i like to pretend like im not ahah'
b'i am such a sucker for cute romantic shit i will read the same message like 1,000 times lol'
b'i am supposed to be cleaning my room white frowning face'
b'im supposed to be getting my hair cut but instead got stuck babysitting. wtf'
b'i am suppose to be cleaning but instead i am dancing all over my room'
b'i am sure that in alcohol are female hormones. when i drink i talk too much and do not know how to drive.'
b'i am sure you intend to'
b'i am sweating balls literally just sitting here in the shade'
b"i act like i hate you most the time but i dont. you're actually okay & dont piss me off all the time. thanks i guess"
b'i am that friend that you have to explain to people before you introduce me and apologize about afterwards.'
b'i am that horrible friend who reads your text then puts the phone down to do something and forgets to reply until 4 hours later.'
b'i am that person who\'s like " nah i am not even gonna say anything.. " *5 secs later* but i just wanna fucking understand why you thought'
b'im the ex that ya mom is gonna forever ask you about'
b'i am the kind of person who would come out of the gym... and go straight to mcdonalds.'
b"i am the person who's 100% down for spontaneous adventures but also 100% down to lay in bed all day. i am on both ends of the spectrum"
b'i am the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.'
b'i am the type of person who looks at the menu for five minutes but ends up ordering the same exact thing every time.'
b"i am too lazy to be a stalker. you'll have to come here. bring coffee."
b'im tooooo fucking nice for this world even though im a bitch'
b'i am totally doing drugs'
b'i am trying my hardest with this shit, hoping that it pays off in the end'
b'smile i am smile trying smile to smile be smile a smile better smile person smile but smile some smile people smile are smile testing smile me'
b'i am trying to figure out when " oh, it\'s midnight " turned into " oh, it\'s onlymidnight "'
b"i am trying to have an adventurous summer but it's hard to do with"
b'i must be having a severe allergic reaction to something pensive face my whole body red & covered with hives & itch like hell weary face'
b'i must be her favourite student'
b'i must be immortal. i did not forward that chain letter, and i am still here!'
b"i am usually that person who has no idea what's going on."
b'i am was tired but then you started tweeting thanks for waking me up face with tears of joy cause i still have homework i need to do! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f love you!'
b'i am wearing my glasses today and i look fab eyeglasses'
b'i am weird, but i am not " wait outside a courthouse awaiting a verdict on a case that i am not involved with " weird.'
b'i am wet... literally, its raining like hell and i had to get home back from school cycling'
b'i am working like crazy next summer before i start college, stacking at least 5 bands.'
b'i am working am -f 9 -5 & on my day off on saturday i have to go to a meeting at 8am and then back to work on sunday. like can i get a break?'
b'i am working on my day off.! weary face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i am writing my learner's tomorrow for my drivers and i am not at all nervous... please please lord do not let me fail persevering face"
b'in 1976 two kids went to the beach and saw a lot of water.'
b'in 1992 a man went to the jungle and saw a lot of trees.'
b'in 1st grade i was dry humping all the girls. prolly caught cooties 3 times'
b'in 4 days the world will be able to officially listen to christmas music!'
b"in alcohol's defense i've done some pretty dumb shit while completely sober too"
b'i named my advice windows 10 because i keep forcing it on people but nobody wants it.'
b"i named my wifi after my last g/f. it's never fully connected with me, it's really slow and also because i caught my neighbor using it."
b'in an attempt to punish me, ellie has decided to sleep in the floor. i think we all know who the real winner is face with tears of joy'
b'in a paralel alternate universe, my cat and my dog have jobs and i chill at home.'
b'in a shocking upset it rained today at grove city college'
b'in bed by 10 and i get to sleep (at least ) an extra half hour tomorrow?!'
b'in case anyones wondering, right now it feels like my intestines are trying to secede from the rest of my body.. its a pretty fun time!'
b'in case anyone was wondering what i want for christmas, a few pairs of compression stockings would be nice.'
b"in case you did not feel old yet the lion king came out 19 years ago. you're welcome."
b"in case you have not checked facebook today, it's hot today, the fireworks were beautiful, and 32 friends invited you to play candy crush!"
b"in case, you were wondering, who is painting over the ukrainian colors in the donbas.. it's the local population."
b'in class 2 day almost done with all of my classes i have completed 68 of my credits so far at harrison college and i only have 22 left good'
b"in college, the term \xe2\x80\x98april showers ' is actually the tears you cry while desperately trying to raise your gpa"
b'independence day is my favorite holiday where everyone wears the same old navy t-shirt.'
b'look like a hoe with all that make-up'
b'somehow can not see it taking off around the world or uk'
b"indirect tweets about me are the best feeling ever especially when they're being a bitch ha & post it on every social media ha"
b"indirect tweets from your ex's are the best face with tears of joy"
b'unemployment looks like it is falling as they will be counting people who have been or are on rt'
b'yeah face with tears of joy face with tears of joy but with females you still get the same outcome if you lie. like i gave you the truth'
b'thanks 4 the invite but i can not rn, enjoy your birthday tho! get fucked up ha'
b'i need 2 wake up so he can give me love advice. last night it was clothing advice. wonder how much longer until he wants 2 move out'
b'i need a fag but i am too lazy to go into the kitchen'
b'i need a fag go die you stupid bitch i am fed up with you making stupid ass plans without even consulting me first fuck off'
b"i need a fag on some serious levels but i've lost my 25g"
b'i need a " get dressed im picking you up for breakfast " kinda guy'
b'i need a gps that communicates to me in simpler way. for example : - this way - that way - the other right'
b'i need a hallmark card that says " sorry for the things i\'ve said about your girlfriend i did not know you were gonna get back together again "'
b'i need a microwave that says " when you\'re ready come & get it " when my food is done.'
b'i need a nap before i attempt to do anything else.. running off 4 hours worth of sleep'
b'i need a " previously on your life " recap for the things i did not pay attention to.'
b'i needa stop driving without my license'
b'i need expert punditry. as an apology for being a shit i promised skye no football tonight. loving come dine with me'
b"i need foggy less mirrors.. i be trying to view the body after a good shower! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i wipe, and it's back foggy. hoe"
b'i need fun! day off tomorrow! any suggestions? i would love a yoga adventure!'
b'i need new haters. the old ones are starting to like me.'
b'i need one of those kim kardashian jobs where they pay me for living'
b'i need some encouragement that i can do this. because this one class is really kicking my butt. i am so exhausted and working so hard.'
b'i need someone to be there for me but i just can not trust anyone pensive face'
b'i need to be a professional woman who wears expensive lingerie under designer clothes'
b"i need to calm down and sleep and i'll attempt it again tomorrow"
b'i need to clean my room but whats the point we all die anyway'
b"i need to date somebody that's ok with me being a little fag bag. lol *coughcough *"
b'i need to get fucked by something other than my life'
b'i need to get some yard work in this weekend... winking face'
b'i need to get up in 5 hours... oops.'
b"i need to go to california and visit all my swag fag/pot head lookin cousins i bet they're cool"
b'i need to hear the whole album live. like now.'
b'i need to learn to stop saying whats on my mind cause one day that shits gonna give me a blue eye'
b'i need to put together some reels for things i have done in the past and what i can do now... this is going to be fun'
b'i need to start wearing bras to school who do i think i am'
b'i need to stop expecting so much from people even though i do so much for them knowing they wont do the same for me'
b"i need to stop imagining scenarios in my head that have a -2% chance of actually happening it's becoming a problem"
b'i need to stop, " i whispered as i clicked next episode'
b'i need to stop taking my bank card to work so i stop going shopping on my lunch break!'
b'i need to talk to you " is the one sentence that has the power to make you remember every bad thing you\'ve ever done in your life.'
b'i need to tame my candy addiction good'
b'i need to wake up in 5hours excited!'
b'i need to come home so i can hug her'
b'in elementary i couldnt wait to come to highschool now i just wanna go back smirking face sleeping face'
b'i never actually say hi to my friends i just make creepy faces at them from a distance.'
b'i never finish my eraser because it is either stolen, lost or cut in half.'
b'i never gave a fuck about what the next mf think about me..'
b'i never had nothing like this sent to me.'
b'i never instagram or snapchat my food because i am already halfway through eating it before it occurs to me to take a picture'
b'i never liked politics until the government went down on me.'
b'i never lose hope. good things will come. thank you'
b'i never make the same mistake twice. i make it 5 or 6 times, just to be sure.'
b'i never realize how much i swear until i am in a situation where i can not'
b'i never really liked my name much until i found out what it tastes like when you write it in frosting on top of a cake'
b"in every circle of friends there's always that one person everyone secretly hates. do not have one? then it's probably you."
b'i new feel a lot better about my porn addiction now that i know it is constitutional. thanks professor contractor.'
b'infomercials are dumb " i think to myself, as i slap chop myself a salad in the comfort of my snuggie after an awesome shake weight workout.'
b"in general, people who'tell it like it is ' like to hear it as it isn't."
b"in high school i wasn't pleased with my grades unless i got an 80 or higher, now i legit scream and am jumping for joy with a 50"
b'injections are fun.'
b"in loving memory of johnny depp. he ain't dead, i just love remembering him"
b'in math, i use " guess and hope " method'
b'in math i use this thing called the guess and hope method.'
b"in middle school.. we did not screenshot, we put 'em on 3 way and muted the phone"
b'in movies when ever people go under the sea i hold my breath, i almost died in finding nemo.'
b'in my day we had to roll the windows up and down with our bare hands.'
b'in my defense, your honor, he had the keyboard clicking sound on his phone turned on'
b'in my world to the best are my family yet but i lovely all my family* so i am crazy this night coz *i very borink'
b'in need of a glass of wine and a fag? lol'
b'i no longer have a phone cause it decided to blow up sooo if you text or call me i will not get it'
b'in order to save money i installed a sound chip into my wallet. now when it opens it plays a song by creed so i quickly have to close it.'
b'in order to start my deer breeding business i am going to need at least 5,000 bucks.'
b'in our generation loosing your phone is more important than loosing your virginity'
b'in pax river maryland for work. could it get any better than this?'
b"i fucked up and backed them 80 mins result, at 8/11, you're clued up on south american football, will they win? ha thanks smile"
b'in primary school when you and your friend would pretend to sharpen your pencils to have a chat at the bin'
b'in reality, there are 3 types of women ; the intelligent, the beautiful, and the majority.'
b'in russia the police are arresting people that are gay. watch the video in my last tweet.'
b'insanity workout? the fact i am even considering putting down my phone and getting off the couch is crazy enough, thanks.'
b'in school even though i finished my test first i wait for someone else to get up.'
b'in science class = 1% learning. 99% thinking about how people found out all of this stuff'
b'in search of perfection though i am close'
b'insomnia is my absolute favorite thing ever.'
b'wish more women who thought they know everything would listen to you on this, it might help.'
b'instagram can update all it wants but until it brings back the custom locations i am not satisfied'
b"instagram couldn't complete your request at this time because nobody cares about your sunday brunch."
b"instagram is down, and all over the world people's food is getting cold."
b'instagram now permits video uploads. so now you can not only upload a picture of your food, but a video of it going into your mouth.'
b'instead of calling it your " time of the month. " try calling it " blowjob week. " men love blowjob week.'
b'instead of cleaning my house, i just watched an episode of hoarders. now i do not feel so bad.'
b'instead of divorce, how about a marriage license you have to renew every year.'
b'instead of doing my homework i like to stay on the computer and worry about how much homework i have to do'
b'instead of going to couples therapy, married people should just join tinder and see what a nightmare single people have to deal with'
b'instead of going to dinner and a movie, go to the movie first and then dinner. this way at dinner you have something to talk about.'
b'instead of lol try, " lsimhbiwfefmtalol " - laughing silently in my head because it wasnt funny enough for me to actually laugh out loud.'
b"instead of saying lol, i am gonna say salts (smiled a little then stopped ) it's more truthful."
b'instead of waiting on me to better myself... it would be much simpler if you just lowered your expectations'
b'in tennessee, it is illegal for children to play games on sunday without a license.'
b'intense migraines are extremely fun.'
b'interesting hour to wake up'
b'interesting podcast on being a writer in the digital age'
b"interesting read if you're into books/literature :"
b'interesting that on opposite day you can not declare that it is so.'
b'interesting to hear about of in'
b'in that case, just the 25 mortgage years to wait then!'
b'in the 1% of people who has not uploaded a flipagram of 2013'
b"*in the back of a police car* can ya'll hand me the aux cord?"
b"in the bath and i've shaved one leg and have no motivation to do the other loudly crying face god why did you make me so lazy?!?"
b'in the downstairs bathroom listening to what seems like a heard of elephants running upstairs'
b'in the end everyone is going to judge you so you might as well do whatever the fuck you want'
b'in the end, girls really just want one thing from guys : all of our hoodies.'
b'in the icu at clinicals and i love it so much'
b"in the last week, our printer's died, our computer bit the dust, our dryer burnt out, and our fridge is dying."
b'in the matter of an hour anna cut her hand and had to go to the hospital, i got covered in hives and anna forgot to pay a cab'
b'in the middle of watching bachelors in paradise season 2 & hoping this ends w/ joe getting hit by a bus.'
b'in the mood to be blessed with 1 million dollars smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'in the morning, i always woke up in my bed, i think my dad indulged me, my love of the stars, & then carried me to bed while i was asleep'
b"in the morning there's a huge difference between 6:00 and 6:05."
b'in the most fucking annoying voice ever man i love english class, english class is my favourite,, love to do english homework 8 hours a day'
b"in the news : man lucky to be alive after being hit by train. i think i am luckier, i've never been hit by a train"
b"in the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. now you just delete them off facebook. that'll teach 'em!"
b"in the sunshine having fun it's in my blood i can not help it"
b'in the weights room with the girls getting an actual workout -weights -lazy'
b'in think we have elephants upstairs'
b'in those celebrities vs things if its ariana vs anyone i would literally always choose anyone over ariana'
b'an alarm clock silencer. i do not want to be woken up thank you very much.'
b"in which claims capitalism & markets are opposed to community & cooperation!?! err... that's not right"
b'i obviously have the best facial expression ever.'
b'i offended you with my opinion? you should hear the ones i keep to myself.'
b'i once flew on virgin airlines. it is now just called airlines.'
b'i once had a girl tell me " i dont suck dick no more " like being a hoe came with a retirement plan'
b'i once wrestled an anaconda for 4 straight days... then i realized i was just masturbating'
b'i only accept human beings as followers ; i do do free advertising for talk with me, before you follow me.'
b'i only go on the internet like once a day for approximately 24 hours'
b'i only got a half hour of sleep and i have an accounting exam today'
b"i only had one class today, and i feel like i've done so much today."
b'i only had one class today why the hell am i exhausted'
b'i only have two rules :1. be kind 2. if it jiggles when you move, cover it up'
b'i only look attractive for a max of 15 mins and this usually when i am about to go to bed.'
b'i only painted one hand and shaved one leg. where is my mind.'
b'i only play football to stare at all the penis i see in the locker room smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i only shaved one leg bc the one i shaved started to burn and i didnt want to suffer more with the other one'
b'i only shaved one leg in the shower how did i forget the other? theres only 2?'
b"i only shaved one leg last night so that's how my day is going."
b'i only shaved one leg'
b"i only shaved one leg this morning so that's how i am doing"
b'i only shaved one leg today because i got tired " ok molly'
b"i only smoke because there's a small chance it will kill everybody around me."
b'i only understand like 9% of life'
b'i only waited almost an hour for a reply smile its cool'
b'i open a text and mentally respond then forget to actually respond.'
b'i ordered 3 pairs of pants and they have not gotten here yet so now i have to wait a week till i get to wear them to school. neutral face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ios7 apparently allows you to block people from calling or texting you thank you lord you have officially answered my prayers'
b'ios7 better be able to shoot out a parachute so that my phone can land safely when i drop it'
b'ios 8 has restarted downloading on me twice now... no new technology to show for the last last 3 hours of trying.'
b'ios 8 thank you for making me delete all my apps to download you!'
b'iowa state book store is such a peach.'
b'i panic when people go on my phone, even if i have nothing to hide.'
b'i pay good money, i wish i had the time and patience to do my own shit'
b'iphone covers are like condoms. you do not want too but.. you kinda have too'
b'iphone needs a feature where an incoming call does not take up the whole screen so you can do other things while you ignoring a phone call'
b'iphone shut off for no known reason so they gave me a new one... cool great... lost all my photos...'
b'i play a song, no one likes it. 2 months later, they all love it'
b'i play whale songs at work so people can not tell if i am crying or just singing along.'
b'i prefer not to think before i speak. i like being just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.'
b'i pregamed this chemistry exam and i feel great about it'
b'i pretend i do not care but deep down i really still do not care.'
b'i probably could stand a chance on american idol if i could bring my shower on stage.'
b"i procrastinate so much i'll probably put off death and never die"
b'i promise i am only gonna let deja sleep another half hour'
b"i pull weird faces in photos because it's better to look ugly on purpose"
b'i put a cookie in the microwave and it exploded... life is great'
b'i put " handjob " in the memo line of every check that i write.'
b'i put in way to much effort into people who will not even bend over backwards for me'
b'i put my music on full volume hopefully to drown out my sadness but it never seems to get loud enough'
b'i ran into my ex the other day. i could have sworn the light was green.'
b'i ran into my ex yesterday. then i back the truck up and hit him again. sometimes i miss him.'
b'i rather enjoy driving past sleeping lorry drivers and thrashing the fuck outta my horn pedestrian'
b'i rather have 5 real friends then have 50 fake ones.'
b'i react to " someone has tagged a photo of you... " in the same way i react to a doctor saying, " your test results came back... "'
b'i read my kids a few select facebook statuses before bed, kiss them on their heads, and whisper, " this is why we have to stay in school "'
b"i read something the other day that made me piss myself. it was a sign that said : 'bathroom closed. '"
b'i realised i was dyslexic when i went to a toga party dressed as a goat.'
b'i realized i was capable of murder when i held the under milk till the bubbles stopped.'
b"i realized while sitting in church that i only shaved one leg this morning. so that's how my day is going."
b'i really appreciate the caring and sincerity though'
b'i really appreciate you taking a lot of money from me for a flea infested puppy that is scared to death and hides from everyone.'
b'i really do have the best, best friend in the world. i can not wait to see you in a week! thank you so much! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'i really do love math! smile'
b'i really do not care about the party. i just came for free food.'
b'i really dont need notifications about random peoples facebook statuses, thank you. af'
b'i really do not think today could be any better...'
b'i really do want to care about certain shit but the way i am built just will not allow it.'
b'i really enjoy working with children man... from dysfunctional to normal. i love kids.'
b"i really hate it when people use the zodiac to justify certain actions like i do not care if you're a virgo cindy you're being a bitch"
b'i really hate that feeling like i am not living enough. like i am not experiencing enough.'
b'i really hope 2014 will be a better year than 2013 was.'
b'i really hope the entire population of peterborough county enjoys their a &w...'
b'i really like how the rains just gunna mess up my hair?'
b"i really like it when i ask an important question &don't get an answer. i hope this keeps up i like it so much smile"
b"i really like it when i go to the nfl network and they're not talking about football. i need to revel in adrian peterson and ray rice."
b'i really like my chances this week.'
b"i really like the idea of nuclear throne but forgive me for saying these types of games aren't very good"
b'i really like walking around with 2 diff color flops casue my mom packs mine and says their hers'
b'i really love being called baby girl weary face weary face weary face'
b'i really love how much of my time gets wasted in school can we get a move on please'
b'i really love meetings.'
b'i really love myself smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes can not nobody tell me shit biihhhhh'
b'i really love putting off homework. makes me stronger.'
b'i really love running around the pit for two hours...'
b'i really love sitting next to bitches in class'
b"i really love that fact that i have no clothes to wear right now since they're all in the laundry."
b'i really love that i work the morning shift saturday so i have my whole day to myself smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i really love when people speculate things about me and tell literally every person on the planet about it except for me lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'i really miss flip phones because at the end of a conversation you could always dramatically close them like bitch whatever.'
b'i really need a day between saturday and sunday.'
b'i really need to find out who was in the ashy green car on fag yesterday, trying to shoot me w/ dat paint ball gun face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i really need to start going to bed earlier because i feel like a zombie in the morning.'
b"i really need to stop myself from buying fallout 4, it's either going to be i am not going to enjoy it that much if i do or i'll end up"
b'i really should be studying but *opens twitter* i guess i have time for twitter.'
b'i really think that there is a family of elephants that live upstairs'
b'i really thought about this today, mid work shift pensive face'
b'i really wanted to go to the gym this week but i am stuck babysitting confused face'
b'i really want to talk to you about how i do not want to talk to you.'
b'i really wish i did not have classes on fridays'
b'i really worry about which selfie my family would put on the news if i ever went missing.'
b'i redownloaded shit but i have all the notifications off i am hoping i will not stress'
b'i reeeeeeeeally need to get my phone charger back. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i refuse to be bored this weekend gon happen.'
b'i refuse to dance to any song that tells me how to dance in the lyrics.'
b'i refuse to go bungee jumping, i came into this world because of a broken rubber, i am not leaving because of one.'
b'i regret losing my phone more than my virginity.'
b'i regret nearly everything i did between the ages of birth and however old i was yesterday.'
b"i regret opening up to certain people. it just bugs me knowing there's a few people out there who did not even deserve to know me like that."
b"i remember a lorry full of mattresses crashing on m1. i said police were sleeping on the job - they weren't happy!"
b'i remembered every landline number of my friends and relatives.'
b'i remember learning why zebras have stripes but not why they have mohawks.'
b'i remember my first day on twitter.. i was like, " what the fuck is this shit? "'
b'i remember the day i met connor was the first day i shaved my legs and i only shaved one leg and i had to leave oh my god'
b'i remember way too many small details about people so i have to act dumb sometimes so i do not freak them out'
b"i remember when hyung was awkward with me good thing he's not anymore good"
b"i remember when it was cool to slam someone's head against the concrete for no reason pouting face"
b'i remember when i was really ugly and annoying ha it was like two hours ago lol'
b'i remember when my mom was beating me up once, so i pretended i was dead. she started crying. i woke back up and she beat me up again.'
b'i remember when my old nokia phone said i had low battery it meant that i had 2 days to find a charger.'
b'i remember why i stopped... i can not listen to this while doing homework, my mind just wanders to a place more awesome than where i am.'
b'i renamed all my files " the world, " so everyday when i " save " the world i feel important. smile'
b'i replied " maybe " to your facebook event out of respect for the inherent uncertainty of life\'s journey.'
b'i respect people that tell me the truth no matter how hard it is.'
b'i restart the whole song when i miss my favorite part.'
b'i rlly h8 tht i can not buy the cute bracelets/necklaces with the initials on them bc i do not have a middle name so it wld just look dumb'
b'i rolled my eyes while shaking my head and now my eyes are stuck.'
b'irony of life : wives do not get pregnant after many attempts, and girlfriends get pregnant even after taking precautions.'
b'i rub shampoo in my eyes every morning to prepare for the pain of the day'
b'i live in bc canada and all the teachers in bc had to go on strike unamused face \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f -happy'
b'is an hour worth working at a place that does not understand i need more than maybe one day off a week if i am lucky? where the supervisor'
b"i said i'd be there in 5 minutes. quit calling me every half hour."
b'i said i was gonna wash my face before i went to bed.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i saw a chameleon today. i guess it was a pretty crappy chameleon.'
b'i saw a guy walking 4 dogs this morning and thought wow! that guy must be really blind.'
b'i saw a guy watering his garden while it was raining last night. true story, bro.'
b'i saw a man at the beach yelling " help, shark! help! " i just laughed, i knew that shark wasn\'t going to help him.'
b'i saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with " guess " on it... so i said " implants? "'
b'i saw harry and liam and i got so wet and niall waved back at me because i was the only bitch wavyint today was a good day'
b'i saw something that reminded me of you.. so i flushed the toilet and washed my hands.'
b'i say " fight me " a lot for a girl who is 5 " 3 \' and has a hard time opening some doors because they\'re too heavy'
b'i say " fight me " way too much for a girl who has to hold back tears when someone yells at me'
b'i say " idk " a lot but trust me, i be knowing'
b'i say " i do not know " to everything when i am in a bad mood.'
b'is blow job one word or two? trying to win back an ex-girlfriend with a love poem.'
b'is calling in sick because you\'re " sick of dealing with stupid people " a thing yet?'
b'i scratched my eye and i forgot i had eyeliner on. i literally look like i have a black eye smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i scream my ex's name during sex so my girlfriend knows i will not forget about her either heavy black heart"
b'is dating a minor crime in india? (asking for a friend )'
b'*is doing homework on first day of fall break b/c trinity *'
b'is done an emotion? because i feel it all the time... face with rolling eyes'
b'i see 2007 and think " oh 3 years ago " and then it hits me that it was 6 fucking years ago.'
b'i see andrew has two tories on the sofa tonight on even though one is a lab mp!'
b"i see both sides regarding the single. how it's hurting the group and how excited she is. it's rough bc i wanna support them all"
b"i see dead people. well actually they're stupid people, but give me a few minutes."
b'i see like twenty pumpkin spice starbucks ugg yoga pants white girl jokes everyday... ur ur'
b'i see most kids wake up and be excited to attend school. soon as i get by esther rolle house i get depressed like i really hate ely face with tears of joy sleepy face'
b"i seen in one tweet ' the shows always going to be a flop ' well no not anymorem theres so much love for ashu this will work wont it black heart suit"
b'i see people on scotland have started the violence. makes you really proud does not it'
b'i see subway employees are still having their " how much lettuce can you fit on a sandwich " contest.'
b"i see this rlly cute boy all over school & i am in the comp lab & he comes in & sits across from me & there's 100 open comps & good ok unicorn face"
b'i see you greenwood high people are keeping it classy'
b'i see you paying attention in class'
b'i seriously admire people who wear crop tops & low waisted pants, that shit requires extreme levels of courage that i will never have'
b'i seriously hate when i come home to no food'
b'i seriously live being ignored.'
b'i seriously loveeee when people lie to me, makes me feel special unamused face'
b'i seriously love when i can not sleep and wake up every single hour.'
b'i seriously love working night shift lol'
b"i seriously over think everything, which makes me stress myself out and create problems that weren't even there in the first place."
b'i set my classes in awkward times of a day so that my students do not come. " - every private tutor'
b'is everyone as excited about the and conventions as i am?!?'
b'is everything expensive or am i just poor'
b'is google a boy or a girl? obviously a girl because it will not let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas'
b"i shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire."
b'i shaved one leg and gave up.'
b'i shaved one leg and then realized half way that i am way too tired to shave my other leg, so one is smooth and the other is a cactus'
b'i shaved one leg but not the other loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i shaved one leg? i forgot about the other?'
b'i shaved one leg today & forgot to shave the other.'
b'i shaved one leg today if anyone was wondering how my day was going'
b"i should do my homework but that's exactly what the government wants and i can not let them win. not again"
b'i should dress up for school more often lol'
b'i should have expected nothing more from my junior year of college. again i have no car.'
b'i should have named my first kid " shame on you " and my second kid " shame on me ".'
b"i shouldn't have to hear what you're eating! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'i should probably start homework since i literally have to redo all of my work for english from this year.'
b'i should sleep, i have an early class tomorrow. fan -tastic!'
b"i should've thought that surprise out a little bit better considering that it's raining but hey, it's the thought that counts smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'is it bad i have only been on twitter like 2 times? oh lord... \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'is it called nascar because that\'s the way a hillbilly pronounces " nice car? "'
b'is it cute to act like a thug or is it cute to act dumb? i mean damn just be yourself unamused face'
b'is it easy to feel like yourself and simply have fun in the presence of your new lady? then, you probably have great chemistry.'
b'is it friday yet? tired face i just want to \xf0\x9f\x8d\xba\xf0\x9f\x8d\x83 and more clinking beer mugs'
b'is it " i febreezed my crotch " or " i febroze my crotch "?'
b'is it just me or does the word " retweet " bring up images of elmer fudd commanding an army on the defensive?'
b'is it raining orrrr is someone just watering the plants o -o'
b"is it too late to wrap myself up like a baby and drop myself off on a billionaire's doorstep?"
b'is it wrong to ask someone with an eye patch " was it all fun and games up to that point? "'
b'is laying in bed all hours of the day considered a sport?'
b'i sleep less than 8 hours : tired. i sleep 8 hours : tired. sleep more than 8 hours : still tired!'
b'i slipped in the kitchen and yelled hella loud and all my mom said was " que traes estupida " i feel the love loudly crying face'
b'i slipped on the wet walkway going into school this morning face with tears of joy and yes people saw'
b'i smell like formaldehyde and i threw up in lab so tonight is going wonderfully'
b"i smile and act like nothing is wrong, it's called putting shit aside and being strong."
b"nain please dont be sad ok we're in diff classes but we still love youuuuuuuuuu"
b"isn't it absolutely fantastic that school starts up in four days isn't that just fab can not wait"
b"isn't it amazing how some people just look for something to take offense to or bitch about? maybe it's a talent. like burping the abcs."
b"isn't it crazy that the music in my earphones is still so loud and yet i can still hear the elephants trampling around upstairs?"
b"isn't it great when you're mom tells at you the entire morning?"
b"isn't it pathetic how we waste so much time & effort on certain people and at the end they prove that they weren't even worth a second of it"
b'isnt it the best when you feel all the skin on your hands ripping off during the middle of a piece'
b'isn \xc2\x92t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything & then one hand that just sits there like idk how to hold a pencil \xc2\x94'
b"isn't she lovely. (yes i am being )"
b'i so happy my great treasure mary won his first year in highschool and she was so proud of herself that almost exploded with happiness'
b'i so love being not trusted just because of one time.'
b'i so love being woke out my sleep.'
b"i speak words of life... words kill, words give life ; they're either poison or fruit - i choose life."
b'i spend 70% of my day telling people how busy i am and the other 30% trying to make myself look really really busy.'
b'i spend all my money on clothes and food and yet can not find anything to wear and i am still hungry'
b'i spend an hour on vsco instead of doing my homework! i love myself!'
b'i spend most of my waking hours looking for a place to nap.'
b"i spend too much of my time imagining stuff that'll never happen."
b'i spent money i did not have on wine i did not need " a memoir by mitchell king'
b'i spent so long straightening my hair this morning and then rain happened'
b'i spilled my pumpkin spice latte, and now a bunch of ants are making brunch plans and doing yoga.'
b"i sprayed taylor swift's new perfume on me, then started writing a 5 -page letter to the boy who forgot to put a straw in my bag at arby's."
b'i stare at the same text for a long time if i can not figure out how to reply.'
b'i started another grad school application this afternoon because my favorite activity is disappointment.'
b'i started drinking a little early. yesterday, to be more precise.'
b"i start off all nice too like 'bae '.. 'please answer the phone ' & end up threatening his life loudly crying face pensive face"
b'i stayed because i loved him and then one day i woke up and decided to love me more'
b'i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, and then do it again.'
b'i stepped on a cornflake this morning... i am a cereal killer now!'
b'is that your girlfriend? i got my boyfriend, well maybe we can be friends na na na musical note \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"is the church a place to gather around christ's work for his glory or a place to get what you want? do you love jesus or are you a humanist?"
b"is the color orange named after the fruit or is the fruit called an orange because if it's color?"
b'is the government down for anybody else or is it just me?'
b'is the number of years to wait linear?'
b'is there a legal limit to how often you can pick a wedgie before your required to buy bigger underwear?'
b'is there anything doctors love more than wearing their lab coats outside the hospital?'
b'is there anything worse than hearing your own recorded voice i think no'
b'is there something going on in scotland? the media are very quiet about it'
b'is this a joke'
b'i still can not get over the terrible customer service i had with order canceled with out any reasonable explanation. thanks'
b'i still catch myself feeling sad about things that do not matter anymore.'
b'i still have faith that the clippers will give up the upset. when one of your best bench players is austin rivers, the well has to run dry'
b"i still love you, always will. it's not you, it's my life.. everything is becoming to much. can not do it"
b"i still throw up peace signs in pictures and people who say hi to me and it's ruining my life"
b'i still watch spongebob, and i do not care how old i am.'
b'i stole a razor and shaved with it, in case any of you are looking for a smooth criminal.'
b"i straightened my hair but it's curling because of the snow sad"
b'i straightened my hair this morning and i can already feel it curling up.'
b'i straightened my hair today it was on fleek then the rain happened.'
b"i stress about stress before there's even stress to stress about"
b'i strongly believe that when the crosswalk timer runs out a trapdoor should open and swallow the people who failed to make it across in time'
b'i study for minutes, and take breaks for hours.'
b'i study \xe2\x86\x92 i take the test \xe2\x86\x92 i pass it \xe2\x86\x92 i forget what i learned'
b'i suck at tweeting in the weekend'
b"i suffer from that syndrome where your neutral expression makes it look like you're a angry serial killer"
b'is " ugh " an emotion? because i feel it all the time.'
b'i support these environmentally conscious rappers for always gettin paper instead of plastic.'
b'i sure do love having a complete destroyed phone.'
b'i sure know how to pick emmmm... face with tears of joy'
b'i sure sing a lot for someone who sounds like a dying walrus'
b'i surveyed 100 women and asked them what shampoo they used when showering, 98 of them said : how the hell did you get in here?'
b'i swear i could be having a terrible day, and working a shift at the hospital turns around my whole day i love it'
b'i swear i crave starbucks at least ten times. every day.'
b'i swear if one more person asks me " whats wrong " " are you okay " im going to scream. its my damn face i cant help it'
b'i swear i have the most weird music taste ever like i love depressing music 1 minute & the next im popping my ass like a stripper w rent due'
b'i swear i love how people come together in classes to help each other smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i swear i am about to make history bruh, i really wish they was recording this shit \xf0\x9f\x93\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xa5'
b'i swear i am always cleaning my boyfriends room when i go over'
b'i swear i need to get my license. i need to stop driving without it loudly crying face'
b"i swear i only wake up on time on fridays bc im so excited it's the end of the week"
b'i swear medicine companies have no clue what fruit tastes like'
b'i swear my algebra teacher is the best. she bought the whole class they own box of debbie snacks.'
b'i swear my doctor makes me get blood work for fun'
b'i swear my touchscreen phone touches its self when no one is looking.'
b'i swear my upstairs neighbor bought a herd of elephants of the weekend. expressionless face'
b'i swear my upstairs neighbors own elephants. nothing else could make that much noise.'
b'i swear our upstairs neighbors are elephants.'
b'i swear, saving money is so hard'
b'i swear september lasted like 4 minutes'
b'i swear some songs have noises in the background that make me think my mom is shouting me downstairs and it gets me every time'
b'i swear sometimes i love starting small arguments with him'
b"i swear they're elephants upstairs omg"
b'i swear this like the first day i have not had homework smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'expressionless face i swear today is piss me off day or something... thanks everyone'
b'i swear to god, if these people do not give me some space... i am going to literally shoot myself omfgg..'
b'i swear to god i am such a low maintenance friend like you could have not spoken to me for months and ill still be like yeah friend hi'
b'is working at 12cupcakes fun and easy? \xe2\x80\x94 not really fun but yeap easy job'
b'is your timeline boring? if so then follow my personal favorite account ===&gt ; for the best tweets!'
b"i take it all back i am skipping college algebra which isn't the best idea and going to try to get this chemistry lab done now."
b'i take the l and are on my headphones seriously.'
b"i take the longest breaks while cleaning my room it's pretty ridic"
b'i talk a lot of shit for someone who panics while ordering food at restaurants'
b"i talk to myself out loud the whole time i am studying. it's like i am teaching myself! acoustics good"
b'it all comes down to the person you look for in a crowded room'
b'it all went to hell when attacking what we hate became more important than defending what we love.'
b'it appears must not think highly of the'
b'i taught my kids that " epic " was a bad word because we do not need anymore people saying that about everything.'
b"it bothers me that 'beliebers ' are saying now only they heard jb's coming to sa?.. did you not see his tweet 2months ago?"
b'it costs 00 to stay in your lane & mind your damn business'
b'it could be worse. kanye and kim originally wanted to go with wild wild.'
b"it'd be fun to release a gorilla in a gorilla suit at the mall and see the look on security's face when they pull off that first mask."
b'itd be great if my blood exploded'
b"it'd be hilarious to release a gorilla in a gorilla suit at the mall and see the look on security's face when they pull off the mask."
b'it does not matter how slow you go as long as you do not stop. unless you are my internet you better quicken up the pace you disgusting piece of shit'
b'it does not even feel like christmas is next week what the hell'
b'it does not matter how old you are... if a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, you die on the spot.'
b'it does not matter if i sleep 2 hours or 13 hours i will still be tired the next day'
b'it doesn \xc2\xb4t matter if the glass is half empty or half full. there is clearly room for more alcohol.'
b'it does not matter that i have a license, a car, a job, and i am 18, i still can not go out without asking my parents for permission'
b'it dosen \xc2\xb4t matter if the glass is half empty or half full. there is clearly room for more alcohol.'
b'it dropped 23 degrees in 4 hours and is not pouring. expressionless face'
b'i tell people i hate chocolate and they try to give it to me to convert me. i should tell people i hate tempur-pedic beds and orgasms.'
b'i tell you what, pay my taxi fare and i will play for free! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'i tend to say " i do not know " when i do not feel like thinking.'
b'i text back embarrassingly fast or three days later there is no in between'
b'i text back in 0. 2 seconds or three weeks laterthere is no in between'
b'it feels fucking awesome to have no homework due this weeknd grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'it feels great out'
b'it feels great to know my car is on e and gas is 4 bucks a gallon'
b"it feels like just a few days ago it was the last day of school. now it's the end of july. neutral face"
b"it feels like october outside & not september. ky weather ain't it grand?!?!"
b'it feels like this past weekend never happened... this week will be greattt'
b'it feels so good to be ignored'
b'it felt great dumping it in the sink but i wanna smash the bowl just to get my point across sigh sigh why am i so passive aggressive'
b'it goes down \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. i love how the camera dude was singing and shit in the beginning'
b'it goes down in the group chat'
b"it happened again im dying! he's literally killing me."
b'it has just taken me 2 hours to change a set of bike tyres.'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f the doctors loudly crying face'
b'i think 7th grade was a dark time for everyone'
b"i think 90% of the software on my computer does not do anything except send me notices that there's a new version of itself."
b'i think a herd of elephants live upstairs'
b'i think a lot, but i do not say much.'
b'i think fire alarms should use the last of their battery to continue to monitor fire instead of getting all beepy!'
b'i think germs are so nice for waiting 5 seconds before attacking food that falls on the floor.'
b'i think i did pretty great on my exam'
b"i think i have food poisoning. joy. know what's great? waking up at 4am for no reason"
b'i think i just remembered why i love being up early in the morning still before i go to bed.'
b'i think i am allergic to mornings.'
b'i think i am being punished for driving 2 years without a license. now they do not want to let me get my license. lol'
b'i think i am getting a sinus infection \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b"i think i am getting sick so that's the best thing that could possibly happen for me right now."
b'i think i am gonna suck dick this weekend " face with tears of joy loudly crying face face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'i think i am having fun peeling off the burnt skin of my face.'
b'i think i might be the saddest happy person and the meanest nice person to ever exist'
b'i think i missed out on the cute neat handwriting that every girl seems to have been born with'
b'i think i missed out on the " neat and cute handwriting " gene that every girl seems to have and this is unfair'
b'i think i am the drunkest person at this bed bath and beyond.'
b'i think i am the only person within my friend group without a license and/or job. oh well.'
b'i think i need a bit more fog horn in my day'
b'i think i need a intervention. literally been listening to them for 2 weeks straight.'
b'i think i need to give a day off to his been working hard nonstop since december - your day off tom bro lol'
b"i think i should be worried. it's raining and my mom is holding an umbrella, watering her plants."
b'i think its attractive when guys show their real emotions instead of pretending they dont care about anything'
b'i think its fishy anyway that whenever you get caught you suddenly want to disappear'
b"i think it's funny how there are only white people emojis... \xf0\x9f\x91\xb6\xf0\x9f\x91\xa6\xf0\x9f\x91\xa7\xf0\x9f\x91\xa8\xf0\x9f\x91\xa9\xf0\x9f\x91\xb4\xf0\x9f\x91\xb5\xf0\x9f\x91\xb1\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb6\xf0\x9f\x91\xaa\xf0\x9f\x91\xab besides this : \xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3\xf0\x9f\x91\xb3 good thinking apple... winking face no entry sign"
b"i think it's funny that people who treat you like shit get offended when you finally do the same to them."
b'i think it\'s funny when dogs hide under the bed when they\'re scared. i am like " you idiot, that\'s the first place monsters go! "'
b"i think it's hilarious how guys in high school try hitting on my sister.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"i think it's reasonable for me to assume that you're a sociopath if you do not like the marshmallows in lucky charms."
b"i think it's so cute when someone still remembers something that you told them a while back like aw wtf you listen and acknowledge me."
b"i think it's soo cute when girls act dumb on purpose"
b'i think it would be awesome to see coldplay live. like, i have grown up listening to every album of theirs.'
b'i think it would be so fun to date someone who has diabetes too. we could compete for who has the best blood sugar.'
b'i think may be the funniest dude in the world'
b"i think labor day is to remind people that after a full day with the family, going to work actually isn't so bad after all."
b'i think like reading our old messages just so it breaks my heart all over again...'
b"i think my dad is on drugs cause it's clearly raining and he's watering the grass"
b'i think my favorite feeling is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much i enjoy them and their presence'
b'i think my iphone is broken. i pressed the home button &amp ; i am still at school'
b'i think october, november and december are the best months of the year.'
b'i think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much you enjoy them and their existence'
b'i think one of the most groundbreaking inventions of all time is the jackhammer.'
b'i think she\'s actually starting to move on. i should hit her up real quick... " - ex boyfriends.'
b'i think sic transit gloria by brand new will always be one of my all time favorite songs'
b'i think some people need to donate their blood, all of it.'
b'i think the best part about being in a relationship would have to be arguing like a married couple'
b"i think the best personality trait a person can have is when they're both ungrateful and self entitled, it's just awesome. pouting face"
b'i think the new york jets should have a coach named benny. that is my one and only football opinion.'
b"i think there's finally enough stuff in my kitchen junk drawer to build a spaceship."
b'i think the tie was invented by someone who wanted to express how he felt about work but thought an actual noose was too obvious.'
b"i think the woman who invented the phrase 'all men are the same ' was a chinese woman who lost her husband in the crowd."
b'i think they have elephants upstairs! no one can be that heavy footed elephant'
b'i think today was the first day since i started a levels where i did not get any homework'
b'i think we have some young kendricks at our school...'
b'i think we should feel other people. " (blind couple breaking up. )'
b'i think what\'s her face knew him " yea totally know who you\'re talking about'
b"i think you know you've got a problem when every letter of the alphabet triggers a porn bonanza in your address bar."
b'i thought i was wanted... guess not'
b'i thought nomenclature was as fun as it got with chemistry, but predicting and balancing reactions and equations completely blew me away'
b'i thought we had something. you met my family, made me dinner, called me honey. now suddenly you\'re a " waitress " who was " doing her job? "'
b'i thought we might have bed bugs, then realized i forgot h1 blockers pm and am and i am actually just covered in hives. loudly crying face'
b'i thought you were stuck up before i first met you " nah honey you was just mad bc i am cute'
b'i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f three hour breaks'
b"i threw a bitch in the well, do not ask me i'll never tell. i looked away as she fell, dumb hoe was in my way."
b"it hurts like hell when you know that you need to let go of someone but you can't, bc you're still waiting for the impossible to happen."
b'it hurts when you go through something that kills you inside but you have to act like it does not affect you at all.'
b'it is a joy to be happy with you alden ;maine smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x93\x92\xe2\x93\xa3\xe2\x93\xa3'
b'it is always a great day when you are running on three hours of sleep.'
b'it is ama-za -zing what you can accomplish in a day when you do not spend half of it napping'
b'it is foolish to think you can solve a problem in the same mindset that it was created, you must raise your mind higher.'
b"it is freakin ' cold this morning. ouch. ready for autumn just yet."
b'it is incredible that the great sasuke gets away with virtually doing nothing for the majority of the year in his mu no taiyo gimmick.'
b'it is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. charles spurgeon'
b'it is raining. great'
b'it is raining outside so god is watering and purifying the earth, good night.'
b'it is truly easier to forgive your enemies than figure out how to limit their access to your facebook page.'
b'it just looks like hes dry humping his bed omg'
b'it just starts getting cold and im already sick... love the cold 0. o'
b"it just took me like 2 hours to straighten my hair and it's going to rain tm. kill me"
b'it looks like i live in a land full of wonderful things. you were wrong again.'
b'it makes me feel good when someone reads my text and not reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'it makes me sad that so many women feel like they have to wear makeup and clothes.'
b'it makes me so happy when people ignore me..'
b'it makes me so mad when i come home to no food! i am physically exhausted and all i want to do is eat man'
b'it may not be my religion, but i love how are shining light on being muslim. wonderful work!'
b'it might look like i am doing nothing, but at the cellular level i am really quite busy.'
b'it must be so weird being the spitting image of your parents or siblings bc i look nothing like mine'
b'i told my daughter that she can not have boyfriend till her age is off the clock. *puts military clock on wall *'
b'it only took me 20 minutes to find parking. good'
b'i totally enjoy when my managers tell me i look " hit " all the time.'
b'i totally have plenty of energy for this sprint through lax.'
b'i totally love crying'
b'it really pisses me off when parents let their uncontrollable kids run around screaming in public and they do not do anything about it.'
b'it really pisses me off when you catch your parents gossiping about you to family members like talk shit get hit bitch.'
b'i tried to look cute today but i still look bad " - the tragic story of my entire existence'
b"i tried to set my password as 'penis ' but the site told me it wasn't long enough"
b"i truly love coming home to a bed that's covered in mud from my dog unamused face"
b'i truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have the right to break down.'
b'i truly treat you as friend only.'
b'i trust you " is better than " i love you " because you may not always trust the person you love but you can always love the person you trust.'
b"i try not to be petty but it does not work the pettiness just comes out of my soul it's not possible for me to stop it i try but i just cant"
b'i try to get in at least 30 minutes of talking about exercise every day.'
b'i try to not look back at the past, i think of it as a toilet that flushes... do i really want to go there?'
b"it's 1. 30 am and i have school tomorrow.. 5 and a half hour sleep to me.. good unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face"
b"it's 2014 why do i still have to charge my fucking phone"
b"it's 2016 and they still have not made a collar that translates my dog's thoughts into words, like i do not even care about flying cars"
b"it's 2016, why can not we unselect a floor in the elevator yet?"
b'its 2016 why do i still need to charge my phone'
b"it's 3:00 am i am calling in to tell you that without you here... i am losing sleep, i am losing sleep."
b"it's 39 degrees, my hair is half wet, and we're having lab outside. yay."
b"it's 6:30am and my phone just exploded because i just won signed cleats from my favourite soccer players/ human beings. what a great day."
b'its 8:40 and i have to clean my room and do my homework nice awesome'
b"it's a beautiful morning, love waking up at 5am feeling rejuvenated"
b"it's actually embarrassing how much i care about having access to internet 24/7"
b"it's actually pretty easy to win an argument with a woman when you wait until she's not around to have it."
b"it's actually the voices outside my head that bothers me the most."
b"it's a day of thanks. why you still manage to piss me off fam \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95"
b'its a dog nyaum dog situation nice'
b"it's a foggy good morning and the start of another great day in colbert county."
b'its a good thing i do not have classes on fridays'
b"it's a great feeling waking up to no rain on a friday! how's your morning friends?"
b"it's a great time to bring your bikes in and have them looked over and fixed up while we aren't to busy."
b"it's a joke, not a dick. do not take it so hard."
b"there's no need to be scared love \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f trust me, things will be better than today and yesterday. what goes down must come up"
b"it's a little known made up fact of mine that 40% of the air inside a mcdonald's is just farts."
b"it's all about the person you wanna own a dog with"
b"it's all fun and games this new year until someone calls the cops. then it's a new game called hide and seek."
b"it's all i can think of lately... being a i just love the idea of guys masturbating to me... watching them jerk off to me"
b"it's all wet and windy outside, who comes to school in such a storm"
b"it's almost 12 and i am cleaning my room because of a sudden spurt of energy face with tears of joy"
b'its almost 2014 and every now and then i still forget that its not 2012 anymore'
b"it's almost the weekend, why not grab a drink? shake up your own cocktail or enjoy your favorite one at lobby"
b"it's always a fun day when you go to the doctors & have to get blood work"
b"it's always a good day when you are told you need physical therapy for your knees..."
b"it's always a good practice when coach is crabby"
b"it's always a good time when your boyfriend speaks in a different language around his friends and you're with him."
b"it's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth."
b"it's always fun to have to call your surgeon in the middle of the night"
b"it's always nice to hear talking about terrorists attacking the us on the tv at the gate as you get on a plane."
b"it's always nice to try on your new dress and look like a fat lump sleepy face"
b"it's always such a struggle to get up early but once i am up i love being up early"
b"it's always the same... i open photoshop and immediately have to take a crop."
b"it's amazing how many people are allergic to gluten, peanuts, and facts."
b'its amazing how much i cant stand edinboro and its professors right now'
b"it's amazing how one little conversation can change things forever."
b"it's amazing how quickly we forget the lessons of school. employee morale would be much higher if we still had recess and naps."
b"it's another busy day of meetings and conferences at landmark mekong riverside hotel - a great big signature"
b"it's a rainy day & we can not take the students out to play for lunch break.. and youtube is blocked today (wasn't yesterday ) thanks"
b'its a really good thing my director chose the hardest songs for the audition'
b'its a shame how a man can be local and not see or spend time with his kids. smh x -( even a phone call'
b'why so vehli? please stalk me only xd'
b'it says it all about me right now'
b'its been a long time since i last recieved a goodnight text from anyone hahah crying face face with tears of joy'
b"it's been an exhausting day. phew! taking a power nap and hoping i wake up energized and ready to hit the gym hard tonight."
b"it's been a very very long time since i've woken up to a sweet good morning text"
b'its been a week since oakville go said they would get back to me on the shit service i had... still nothing. thanks'
b"it's been five minutes since adobe asked me to install an update. i hope they did not go out of business or something."
b'its been over 3. 5 years and still no sign of michael jackson. dammit, if anyone was going to come back as a zombie i was so sure it was him.'
b"it's been wonderful in liverpool meeting people and sharing the ugg love the allergy & free"
b"it's better to cross the line and suffer the consequences than to just stare at the line for the rest of your life."
b"it's better to enjoy life committing mistakes & learn rather than playing safe in your entire life & learned nothing at all."
b'it scares me how different things are going to be a year from now.'
b'it scares me that you never know what someone is thinking or feeling towards you and everything that they say could be one massive lie'
b"it's christmas next month it's christmas next month it's christmas next month christmas next month."
b"it's cold out. some ppl went to the and pulled out coats... weary face it's that face with tears of joy"
b"it's cold, raining and i am trying to revise. why does the fire alarm have to go off now?"
b"it's come to this, wine on a school night and my diet this evening is onion rings with steak and ale casserole"
b'its comforting to know that mark " butt fumble " sanchez is my back up quarterback if nick " jesus " foles ever goes down.'
b'its coo i do not want to talk to anybody anyways'
b"it's crazy how you talk about having plans with somebody months in advance and then y'all stop fucking with each other and it does not happen"
b"it's crazy how when you're really into someone, you do not even notice anyone else."
b"it's cute that they sell family sized oreo boxes thinking that people are gonna share them with their family"
b"it's cute that you need someone to fight your battles for you smile"
b'it\'s depressing seeing how many people give up on their dreams at a young age because they\'re told to " be realistic ".'
b"it's easier to forgive your enemies than figure out how to limit their access to your facebook page."
b"it's easier to stay awake till 6 am, than to wake-up at 6am"
b"it seems like around 90% of my work day is spent between the hours of four and five o 'clock."
b'it seems racist that they call it black friday just because a bunch of people are trying to get into stores in the middle of the night.'
b"it seems the only time i can stay awake now it's at 4:30 in the morning. no need to sleep anymore. do not worry. i am fine."
b'it seriously sounds like elephants live upstairs'
b"it's exams week yaaay! smirking face"
b"it's feeling like the second chance but it's the first impression"
b"it's fine, only another few hundred years to wait until their renaissance"
b"it's fucked up when the 4th grader i babysit says he does not wanna eat dinner because his coach told him he needs to lose wait for wrestling"
b'its fucked up when you cleaning yo room and find bullets empty shell casings used condoms empty weed bags and shit face with tears of joy'
b"it's fucking freezing and it's raining and the fire alarm goes off"
b'its funny bc people think im quiet but im just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy you later in life'
b'its funny how everything is more interesting when you have to study white smiling face haha!'
b"it's funny how if you get an a on a test, ur grade goes up like 2 percent, but if you get an f on a test, your grade goes down like the titanic."
b'its funny how i love sleeping but hate going to bed early. rt if youre a night owl, too!'
b"it's funny how i am the 1 with the full time job while ur home sitting on ur ass but i have to keep up contact happening again! pouting face"
b"it's funny how people judge other's mistakes while they also do the same thing."
b"it's funny how the people you meet in the weirdest ways are usually the most amazing."
b"it's funny how they were strangers yesterday and suddenly started talking about their life tomorrow."
b"its funny how you can do nice things for someone all the time and they never notice, but if you make one mistake, it's never forgotten."
b"it's funny that wenger took off ozil over jack"
b"it's gna be periods where people you love need to be humbled, uplifted, &just to be left alone. it's your job to read that & act accordingly"
b"it's going to be a great day."
b'its good to wake up in the morning with a wet dream smile lalala'
b'it\'s gotten to the point where i can not even call it " procrastinating " anymore, i should just be calling it " jeopardizing my future. "'
b'it \xc2\x92s gotten to the point where i just do a peace sign as a natural reflex'
b"it's great not having a phone"
b"it's great when the one thing you do not want to think about, is the only thing you can think about."
b"it's great when you're mom wakes you up just to yell at me then she yells at me the entire morning"
b"it's halloween and you're sitting at home on twitter? hahahahahaha same."
b"it's hard to be a good person when everyone is so stupid."
b"it's hard to trust humans ; even the blind prefer to be guided by dogs."
b"it shouldn't have to take wearing shorts to make you realize you only shaved one leg"
b"it's hypocritical when you make the duck face and do not eat the bread i am trying to feed you."
b"it's impossible for my room to stay clean for more than 24 hours"
b'i was gonna go to the husky den to surprise you when you posted it on snapchat but it was raining face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'it\'s just a matter of making the crazies believe the " muslim database " to be a great test run for gun owner registration and we\'re done.'
b"its just lovely having everyone's eyes on me because i turned in my test first."
b"it's just stopped raining and one of my neighbors is watering his grass... wth face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"it's kinda funny how when you get older you start to enjoy the things you hated as a kid like taking naps and getting spanked"
b'its kinda scary how your whole life depends on how well you do as a teenager'
b'its kinda scary when you waste an entire day doing nothing and time just passes'
b"it's kind of funny how eyebrows can legit make or break you"
b'its like flooding here so good for classes in the pouring rain.'
b"it's like the more i sleep, the more tired i wake up."
b"it's like the msm are trying to lie and manipulate us to the will of the establishment... oh yeah"
b"it's literally painful to wake up before noon unamused face sleeping face"
b"it's literally so obvious that they do not 'love ' their job because everything they post is so fake and unnatural"
b"it's literally taking every ounce of me to not call."
b"it's literally the best feeling being ditched mid conversation unamused face"
b'its monday morning, its cold, but nothing like a naked to cheer you up'
b"it's monday, supposed to start fresh"
b"it's nice knowing that my mom and brother are totally behind my college decisions."
b"it's nice to know that you care"
b"it's nice to see how much everyone grew the hell up over the summer haha.."
b"it's nice to wake up to my mom cursing at my sister at 530 in the morning. just freaking marvelous."
b'it\'s not about having a perfect relationship but its finding someone who matches you, and you will go through everything without giving up. "'
b"it's not about having good grades it's about passing the semester"
b"it's not about having the perfect relationship, it's about finding someone who matches you and will go through everything without giving up"
b"it's not a day that do not go by that i do not thank god for waking me up to enjoy twitter and appreciate my followers."
b"it's not always just the heart. sometimes your mind breaks as well."
b"it's not a nap unless your face wakes up in a puddle of your own drool."
b"it's not april fool's day when your whole life is a joke."
b"it's not a sunday unless you completely waste it then feel really sad around 8pm"
b"it's not even 11 yet and i've already had coffee, 2 pieces of pizza & some popcorn aka my healthy eating kick is going fantastically"
b"it's not like i was staring at your last seen aslan aslan i do not give a shit about what's going on with you"
b"it's not my birthday and i did not like it face with tears of joy such an idiot face with tears of joy"
b"it's not my official job but basically all i do is piss people off."
b"it's not officially vacation, until you mess up your sleeping schedule."
b"it's not so much blowing my diet as preventing the fudgesicles from developing freezer burn."
b"it's suspicious that i've grown an order of magnitude week over week!"
b"it's not that i can not sleep - i just really need to time to consider every possible thing that could happen. ever."
b"it's not that i like being mean to people, it's just that sometimes their stupidity brings out my inner bitch"
b'it\'s not that i am not a " morning person " i love mornings i am just not a " waking up person "'
b"it's unusual for christians to feel threatened by my having read & studied the bible for many years before becoming an atheist."
b"it's not wrong to give up and cry when you can not take the pain. remember even clouds cry when they can not carry the rain."
b"it's not you... it's me"
b"it's not you, it's me. ' - twins looking at family photos"
b"it's okay i do not have any where to be. i do not have a life. take your time."
b"it's okay if you eat by yourself. more food for you!"
b"it's okay i have no where to be. i do not have a life. take your time."
b'its okay its not like that shit hurt my feelings or anything'
b"it's okay to burn a flag with your 1st amendment rights but god forbid you fly a flag with pride for the usa"
b"it's only 56 days before 2014 and i feel like the only thing i've done this year was disappoint everyone including myself"
b"it's on the chore list, *kido pointed out, sounded absolutely exasperated. * if it's not done in an hour, you're sleeping -"
b'it sounds like elephants just moved in upstairs... not happy'
b"it's pouring and it's so freaking foggy that you can not see shit. good"
b'its pouring rain good 5 seconds of summer'
b"it's pouring with rain here in glasgow tonight... but i am finally in the o2 academy with my aunt waiting for new order. good smiling face with open mouth"
b"it's predicted to rain all weekend white frowning face"
b'its pretty crazy that i am supposed to decide what i want to do for the rest of my life like hello my mom still talks to the doctor for me?'
b"it's pretty ironic how people get mad when you treat them the same way they treat you"
b"it's pretty terrible when your boss has a bad attitude. very motivating."
b"it's raining again and wow surprise my head feels awful"
b"it's raining and our neighbours are watering their garden"
b"it's raining in england, surprise surprise and i am soaking confused face only had to walk to the bus stop and all"
b'its raining in orlando " whoa surprise surprise thx for the notice'
b"it's raining outside and our fire alarm went off"
b"it's raining, the fire alarm is going off in irby, and i am wearing one direction pajamas."
b"it's raining today so the rain is watering them for me"
b"it's raining, what a surprise"
b"it's really awesome sharing a memory with someone special and you guys are the only people that has live that moment together. literally"
b"it's really awesome to be stuck in rain in a cab after an early morn appt and your subway stops"
b"it's really cute when people forget your existence until they need something"
b"it's really fun being a home owner later i have a new garage door opener & keypad neutral face"
b"it's really fun being awake at 2 in the morning when i have to work at 7"
b"it's really great to see who you care about more"
b"it's ridiculous how so much of your future depends on how successful you are as a teenager"
b"it's ridiculous that celebrities can spend a year of my college tuition on like, a necklace like it's nothing and i can not even afford a taco"
b"it's sad going to mcdonald's and finding out that a meal is happier than you."
b"it's sad how people claim to love and care about you and yet they replace you so quickly."
b'it\'s sad how society has changed. losing your phone \' is a bigger deal then losing your virginity "'
b"it's sad how you can defend someone for so long and then they turn out to be everything everyone said they were"
b'its sad that i am preparing myself so when my birthday comes and my bf does not buy me anything i wont be upset.'
b"it's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, become a sad memory to remember."
b"it's sad when the person you used to love the most turn into someone you're scared to be left alone with"
b"it's saturday & i am bored stuck babysitting"
b"it's great to have sean with us for the test"
b"it's shit like this that makes me regret the little arguments & fights"
b"it's so annoying when someone keeps talking after you've interrupted them."
b'its so annoying when you send people 3 questions or statements in a text and they only reply to one. you might as well not reply damnit'
b"it's so beautiful out!"
b"it's so beautiful outside omg smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b"it's socially acceptable to believe in a god, and everything that goes with it, but not aliens."
b"it's so cute how all you care about is your boyfriend."
b'its so cute when they can tweet and not text back face with tears of joy'
b"it's so cute when you talk to someone a lot and you notice your phrases slowly slipping into their vocabulary"
b"it's so dumb when people say you've changed. it's like, yeah i also used to be a fetus, but now look at me."
b"it's so fun being ignored"
b'its so great when you and your team decide to meet to work on a project and no one actually shows up grinning face'
b"it's so hard when you're in a cuddly mood and do not have anyone to cuddle with this is an outrage"
b"it's so important to me that i have someone who's very realistic and logical cuz i live in my own head too much and that's not always good"
b'its so much fun hanging out with everyone speaking only spanish. more drinks please'
b"it's so much fun waking up now and getting ready for work! i love it!"
b"it's so much fun watching teams walkoff against the yankees! pouting face"
b"it's so sad that i literally argue with myself about whether or not i should subtweet"
b'its so sad when you defend someone for so long thinking they are different and then they turn out to be just like what everyone said they were'
b"it's so sweet having hives all over my body"
b"its so unfair when you love singing but you weren't born with a good voice face with cold sweat"
b"it's stupid when some dumbass girl has to ruin one of my friends relationship. smh, glad that bitch ain't my problem no more"
b"it's such a disappointment when a good looking person has a shitty personality."
b'its super fun but it got so repetitive that i got burnt out on it'
b"it's supposed to rain all weekend? we're moving..."
b"it's that believe able and he is always mad but sad really people change"
b"it's that time of the evening where my beer bottle has magically turned into a microphone again."
b'i count thursday afternoon as the start of weekend. i do not have classes on fridays.'
b"it's the most wonderful time of the year!"
b"it's the smallest things that make you happy for me it's a great shower, good music and the rain. i feel so at peace \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f droplet"
b"it's here's hoping you took a moment to today. let the light hit you + say"
b"it's time to clean the refrigerator when something closes the door from the inside."
b"it's time to get busy. it's time to make a difference, and just think of how great that will feel."
b"it's too bad you can not wear that filter in real life."
b"it's totes cute when you have a boyfriend but still sleep with your ex smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b"it's tricky when you're ignoring someone and they ask you if you're ignoring them."
b"it's true what they say, you can not love someone else without first loving yourself"
b'it sucks when boys change friendships... but i have a lady date next weekend so good for more awkward new friends ha ha'
b"it's useless to show how much you care for that special someone when that person is too busy getting somebody's attention."
b"it's v weird that men who play a v homoerotic &aggressive sport are beating women and children. it just does not make sense."
b"it's way too warm for this sweatshirt, but it's so comfy i do not even care."
b'its wednesday and you are wearing pink... you know what that means!'
b'its weird how different your life could be if people found you more or less attractive'
b"it's what we have for today - life it's getting difficult -"
b"it's working now smile 5 seconds of summer"
b'it takes 42 muscles to frown, but only 4 to lift your middle finger.'
b'it takes about 2. 9 seconds for me to go from " this is the best day ever " to " i want to stab every human being on planet earth ".'
b'it takes me like three days to wake up in the morning.'
b"it takes men a long time to text back because we know it's going to be scrutinized like a document that was smuggled out of microsoft office"
b"it takes more muscles to frown than to smile. i've learned to hate fun because i want a super buff face."
b'it takes so much self control for me not to write, " you sure about that? " under facebook engagement announcements.'
b'it took 3 hours, some flash cards and a rather graphic puppet show but i have finally taught foreigner what love is.'
b'it took me about 2 hours but i finally opened my books to study'
b'i turned my phone onto " airplane mode " and threw it up into the air. worst transformer ever.'
b'i turned on my computer to do homework not to buy love live figures wtf'
b'i turned out liking you a lot more than i originally planned'
b'i turned up so hard tonight'
b'i turn " omg im still not married and without a career and no idea what im doing with my life " years old this month.'
b'i turn on my phone and all of a sudden i have a gazillion of notifications!'
b'why have you got someone who is quite clearly in the " no " camp giving his opinion on the referendum'
b'it was a close one this week smile'
b'it was a snow day at school and i fell while switching classes and my whole ass was wet and i had a hole in my pants'
b'it was fantastic to see such a big crowd in town to see the bshs formal and support the graduating class of 2015!'
b'it was hard to find the best ones. using a scheduler now. if we find any plagiarised one in our knowledge then will surely remove it'
b'it was literally 10:00 two minutes ago wut happened'
b'it was nothing like that first time.'
b'i realized you did not wave at me so now i look like an idiot for waving unamused face'
b'i tweaked making my doctors appt for 8:20 in the morning knowing i hate waking up before 8'
b'it would be awesome if did a bootleg of " batman " but in a similar way of his " dirty laundry " & " power/rangers " films movie camera'
b'it would be awesome if someone came over and did my laundry'
b'it would be awesome if we got 40ft of snow out of no where so i did not have to do my homework till 1 in the morning'
b'it would be interesting to do a study on the effects of tumblr/twitter on writing & literature in 50 yrs.'
b'it would be so cool if i could keep having these nightmares!'
b'it would seriously be such a shame if my class were to get cancelled... just one day. pensive face'
b'it would serve me better if they put shopping carts in the middle of the store where my pride realizes i have too much shit to carry.'
b'it would start raining when we have a fire alarm at 2:45 in the morning'
b'i understand you love the lawd, and he heard yo cry... i do too but on this twitter accountant, it goes down in the dm (and tl )'
b'i understand your frustration. sorry to see you have canceled your account. let us know if we can help in the future. thanks. *is'
b"i \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f union county high school's dress code smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'i used to be a really smart kid who was " going places " but now i just cry a lot and eat all the food in the fridge'
b'i used to be smart, then i got lazy.'
b"i used to call trump a wet sock but he's worse.. he's like a pair of damp khakis on a monday morning in december before school"
b'i used to eat a lot of natural foods until i discovered that most people die of natural causes.'
b'i used to eat like 5 or 6 cookies a day at lunch in middle school face with tears of joy so wet'
b"i used to forget time with you. now, i'll just forget you with time."
b'i used to get get made fun of for my " jay -z lips " now girls are suction cupping and getting injections for the same thing?'
b'i used to love getting up early, now all i want to do is stay in my bed forever. sleeping face'
b'i used to love getting up every saturday morning and watching the animated " new adventures of jesus christ, " but'
b'i used to think i was good at multi-tasking. turns out its just my multiple personalities doing one task at a time.'
b"i used to think the brain was the most important organ. then i thought, that's what it wants me to think."
b'i use sarcasm because flat out telling you ur a fucking moron is considered inappropriate & is frowned upon and i was raised better than that'
b'i use the word " like " way too much... like really.'
b'i use to tell people the truth yet they never really know since i only speak sarcastically.'
b"i've a fun day, apart from chores like ironing, washing etc & of course work, i've got a blood test & my b12 injection this am."
b'i\'ve always wanted to turn around in a big chair and say " i\'ve been expecting you. "'
b"i've basically been deathly ill for two days but still walking around like life is great bc i am too busy not too face with tears of joy"
b'ive been a major bitch at work, so after hard days i send i love you or apologies to coworkers i like because they get hit in crossfire.'
b"i've been avoiding exercise for a long time now. you might say i am in the fitness protection program."
b"i've been babysitting all day even at a party i am stuck babysitting."
b"i've been burnt sad melbourne is where the real fun is!"
b'i\'ve been " cleaning my room " for the bast 5 hours now... aka not even cleaning anything at all'
b'ive been covered in hives for the past 4 hours and im itchy why is this happening'
b"i've been disappointed so many times, not giving a fuck is almost a reflex."
b"i've been disappointed so many times, now i just expect people to fuck up."
b"i've been doing homework for the past 5 hours. unamused face"
b'ive been driving my truck for a year and a half without a license and its run fine. the day before i get my license it blows a head. wtf 6. 0'
b"i've been driving without a license for a week now, and i just realized that flushed face"
b"i've been eating a lot of extra calories since daylight savings to make up for that hour of eating i missed."
b"i've been gone for pretty much two weeks and i come home to no family and no food... where did everyone go?"
b"i've been home alone all day just blasting music and dancing while i do shit. i wish i never had roommates."
b'i\'ve been in a " i do not even care anymore " mood a lot lately'
b"i've been really depressed these past few days. finally visited a therapist and got diagnosed. turns out, i am poor."
b"i've been saving up my tickets for 27 years sir, and i would like to purchase this very chuck e cheese."
b"i've been staring at my homework for over an hour"
b"i've been talking shit but tell me why i just got a message on kik and was low key hoping it was you cussing me out. face with tears of joy"
b'i\'ve been to all the liquor stores, but i still can not find this " responsibly " they keep advertising.'
b"i've been trying to nap since 9 so that i'd sleep a little before i have work and i've literally slept a half hour. the hell."
b'ive been tryna sleep for like a half hour now and im just so stressed about a coworker i cant even sleep.'
b"i've been up for 2 min and i am covered in hives thank you lola"
b"i've been up since 4:15am and i am not even tired yet flushed face"
b'i\'ve been using google for 10 years and i have no idea what the " i am feeling lucky " button is for.'
b'ive been waiting for memories and act like you love me im secreaming'
b'i\'ve been wondering what " please do not touch " would be in braille'
b"i've been working non stop since the 15th and i do not have a full day off until the 27th."
b"i've been working on a wengie edit all day omf 5 seconds of summer"
b'ive been working since last thursday, and my day off is tuesday. i am almost there loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"i've decided that the answer to all of life `s problems is : hug your mom!"
b"i've done all my homework! i am in love! my legs are shaved! i am at peace w the universe"
b"i've drank so many whiskey fireball shots this weekend that i am officially a dragon now."
b"i've emptied countless bottles, hoping to find the meaning of life at the bottom of one of them. no luck so far. but i am no quitter"
b"i've finally seen god's not dead and i wish i would have seen it sooner!"
b"i've got about another 10 years to wait thankfully. let me know what to expect! weary face"
b"i've got an 11 hour day tomorrow and this bitch is gonna take a fuckin shower at 1:30am so i can not sleep"
b"i've got an injection tomorrow so that's fun"
b"i've got chubby cheeks on top of resting bitch face and i end up always looking like a pissed off toddler."
b'ive got like 8 tests tomorrow & i have to wake up for school in 5 hours but it was worth the wait'
b"i've gotten maybe three texts all day, so that's cute."
b"i've gotten to the point of procrastination where i am cleaning my room in order to not write this paper"
b"i've got the best luck in the world!"
b"i've got years to wait around for you"
b"i've know about and seen my kids with viral rashes. in an effort to be unique, e is covered head to toe with viral hives. yay?"
b'ive learned that people will only fuck with you when they see you doing good'
b"i've learned to let them live the happily ever after, cause see that shit was built on a lie. so it's sure to fall. sleeping face"
b"i've liked you since i met you."
b"i've literally only been listening to and for the past two days."
b"i've literally tried every route possible to take home and not a single one avoids traffic weary face"
b"i've literally watched every episode of keeping up with the kardashians."
b"i've lived i've loved i've lost i've missed, i've hurt i've trusted i've made mistakes but most of all, i've learned."
b"i've lost friends in the process of figuring myself out. i am ok with that."
b"i've missed some episodes of bc homework and stuff but i love spoilers yo lemme know"
b"i've missed you monday"
b"i've never been in love... but i imagine its similar to the feeling you get when you see your waiter arriving with your food."
b'ive never broken a bone the skeleton inside me is too powerful and strong and i will defeat all of you in the skeleton war'
b"i've never gotten hives before, and now i am covered in them face with head bandage"
b"i've never had angry sex. i am always happy and quite surprised that it is actually happening."
b"i've never skydived before but i've zoomed in on google maps really fast once"
b"i've never used my new phone on full brightness it has yet to lose its virginity"
b"i've noticed the drunker women get the more they want to sing hits from the 80s."
b"i've noticed the less open-minded someone is, the more open-mouthed they tend to be."
b"i've only been awake for ten minutes and today already sucks."
b"i've only had 1 day off all month. i've worked two 70 hour weeks this month also. working lots while i am young so i can coast when i am older"
b"i've only had one class n i am already exhausted. this is why you stopped coming to school in the first place."
b"i've probably learned more from google than i have from school."
b"i've puked twice today, i had to shower to get the puke out of my hair, had to work, my hand hurts, but yes, i'd love to go out again."
b"i've reached that stage where sleeping is a chore and i'd rather just drink coffee and continue working."
b"i've realized that instead of posting all my problems on facebook, its better to find solutions for them on google."
b'i very nearly became a liverp **l fan after that build up by itv'
b"i've said it before and i'll say it again : it before"
b"i've seriously been trying to come up with a miley cyrus joke all day, but it's just not twerking... man"
b"i've spent my whole day doing nothing, watching movies on my couch with grove street and it was great"
b"i've watched so much top gear this weekend i think i need to suck something to balance it out..."
b"i've worked the past 4 days and do not get a day off for another 5. surprisingly this isn't upsetting me. i am actually enjoying working again"
b'i wake up, babe goes to sleep. gotta love that manager life.'
b'i wake up everyday planning to be productive and then a voice in my head says " ha good one " and we laugh and laugh and take a nap.'
b'i wake up excited. i made it through the night. the things we do in the dark do not allow us to see the light.'
b'i wake up excited to go to sleep'
b'i wake up from my nap planning to be productive and then a voice in my head says " ha good one " and we laugh and laugh and fall back asleep'
b'i walk into my house and literally 2 seconds later my dog pukes on my boots while i am still wearing them.'
b'i wanna be a nice person but everyone is so stupid'
b'i wanna be famous so i can be friends with other famous people'
b"i wanna be rich enough they will not be calling me lazy anymore. oh she's not lazy, she just has a laidback lifestyle."
b'i wanna be tan layin on the beach where my only care is which swimsuit do i wear tomorrow'
b'i wanna date someone cuter than me but sadly i am the cutest'
b'i wanna do bad things to you smile like break ur fucking neck'
b'i wanna go for walks in the middle of the night but i also dont want to die ya feel'
b'i wanna go to an american school omg sad'
b'i wanna go to the gym so bad rn but i have to babysit for another hour and a half :-/ itll hve to wait'
b'i wanna jump off a building and not die just relieve stress by slamming onto the sidewalk and then get up and go get a slurpee or something'
b'i wanna lay on the floor and not think for a month or two'
b'i wanna save it to my camera roll not snapchat memories'
b'i wanna scream and shout and let it out... definitely a song written in the toilet whilst taking a poop.'
b'i wanna see you without makeup " bitch you will see me w whatever i want to present myself as so deal w my glitter lids n strong contour'
b'i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am staring at the stars and talking about all the problems we have going on.'
b'i wanna talk about it but i really dont wanna talk about it'
b'i wanna wake up and be excited for the day, even if i am still a grumpy gremlin'
b'i wanna win! love to argue, and you best believe they will win every argument.'
b'i want a boyfriend who will take me to concerts.. or just a boyfriend.. or just concert tickets.. or concert tickets to see my boyfriend'
b"i want a democrat at the doctor's office and a republican at the accounting office."
b"i want a job at starbucks because i am going to spell everyone's name wrong so they can not instagram their cups."
b'i want a job where i can get paid to eat.'
b'i want an extra large beer right about now.'
b'i want an iphone with bbm and a nokia battery.'
b'i want dj khaled job. all he do is shout his own name'
b'i want dogs to be allowed at more places and i want children under 8 not be.'
b'i wanted to be you for halloween, but the store is sold out of pathetic bitch costumes!'
b'i wanted to go this yr but (1) i had summer classes (2) i started working full-time and (3) im now off to school'
b'i wanted to wait but my cough was getting uncontrollable again... so just dosed myself, and now i get to write btb. yay.'
b'i want everyone to like me and i am willing to do next to nothing to make that happen.'
b'i want my music so loud that i can not hear my life crashing and burning'
b'i want one of those jobs where people ask, " do you actually get paid for doing this? "'
b'i want someone to look at me the way i look at pizza.'
b'i want someone to look at me the way i look at the waiter when he brings my meal.'
b'i want someone who will not get tired of me, who will not get bored of me, who will not give up on me.'
b'i want the drugs of the first guy who was like " dude, let\'s carve a face into a pumpkin. "'
b'i want to be a nice person but everyone is so stupid.'
b'i want to be left alone but also showered with love and affection, is that too much to ask?'
b'i want to be skinny but i also want pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner. do you feel me?'
b'i want to be the reasons why you look down at your phone, smile and then walk into a pole.'
b'i want to create a facebook event called " shut the f*ck up " and invite everybody.'
b'i want to cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle and cuddle'
b'i want to date a girl with nipple piercings ; as long as mine do not get caught on hers we will good.'
b'i want to drop everything and just travel the world with someone who wants to just as much as i do'
b'i want to go on a big road trip with my best friends and just get away.'
b'i want to go to the beach in the middle of the night just to walk and admire the sound of the ocean waves or something idk'
b'i want to kidnap joy from her stupid boarding school and take her with me to see mockingjay'
b'i want to kiss you but i also want to light you on fire at the same time'
b'i want to live by the ocean but also in the forest but also in the mountains but also in a big city but also in the countryside you feel me'
b'i want to live in a world where the food network delivers.'
b'i want to love you, but i have crust issues. -pizza on a date'
b"i want to make a facebook account & name it 'nobody ' so when i see stupid crap people post, i can like it. and it'll say nobody likes this."
b'i want to make out with a different person every day for the rest of my life do i need a kickstarter'
b"i want to meet myself from someone else's point of view."
b'i want to meet the guy at hewlett packard who decides how many minutes of strange noises their printers make before printing 1 page.'
b'i want to meet the teenage versions of my parents.'
b'i want to reenact the fantasy scenes from 50 shades of grey. like the one where she gets a job right out of college.'
b'i want to see because is literally the funniest person ever.'
b'i want to sleep and erase that memory of whatever happened to me in the last half hour'
b'i want to sleep for 2 years and wake up with a degree, an apartment and money in the bank.'
b'i want to spend the rest of my cell phone battery with you.'
b'i want to spend the rest of my life photo bombing the google street view camera shots dressed as waldo.'
b'i want to start working out so i can look bomb when summer comes around'
b'i want to stop drinking... but my mom did not raise a quitter!'
b'i want to talk to you so bad but i am just gonna sit here in hopes that you start the conversation first.'
b"i want you to look at me like you've never looked at anyone else. i want you to look at me like i have something other girls don't."
b'i was about to leave my girlfriend because she is too controlling but she said no... so we are still together.'
b'i was about to make a joke about pangaea, but it kinda fell apart.'
b'i was already half way asleep & then my mom comes in here waking me up asking if i want sunny hearts in the morning. i love her'
b'i was asked what i look for in a relationship. apparently, " a way out " wasn\'t the right answer.'
b'i was a sweet kid, but savvy. the kind that would put expiration dates and " do not copy " warnings on hug coupons for his mom.'
b'i was blessed with no classes on fridays this semester one can only hope for the best next semester'
b'i was born without you so guess what? i can live without you.'
b'i was called " the screamer. " good heavens. the phone rang off the hook when i lost my virginity.'
b"i was complimented on my driving today. someone left a note on my windshield that said, 'parking fine '"
b'i was dead asleep for a half hour then a text woke me up now i can not go back to sleep smh.'
b'i was falling asleep in class a half hour ago... i get to my bed and can not sleep wtf'
b'i was getting really depressed today but then i realized double cheeseburgers exist'
b'i was going to dress down tomorrow and actually attempt to look decent but i realized sleep is more important face with tears of joy'
b'i was going to give you a nasty look but i see you already have one.'
b"i was gonna take over the fuckin ' world this morning but i overslept. postponed. again."
b'i washed the car yesterday. so today it is raining.'
b'i was hoping just a little more shit could hit the fan this week.'
b'i was hung up on when i called in cool!'
b'i was just sitting down to do hw and i suddenly had an allergic reaction to something so now my arms and legs are covered in hives smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i was just thinking about how great my day was going and then my pop exploded inside of my car while i was driving. no more great day.'
b'i was kinda hoping that someone would quote my last tweet with " do not quote me boy cuz i a not said shit "'
b'i was literally outside of lucas oil stadium for 5 minutes before going in, but made the video!'
b'i was not waiting for your love before it was out on this shore, i never really get this feeling in my chest'
b"i wasn't awkward either \xf0\x9f\x98\x81.. good for progression"
b"i wasn't baked or anything"
b"i wasn't mad. then you asked me 10 times if i was mad. now i am mad."
b'i wasn\'t that drunk! " " dude, you asked your mom if she had kids'
b'i wasn\'t that drunk. " dude, you made your girlfriend a sandwich!'
b'i was putting lotion on after my shower, and i am just now realizing i only shaved one leg'
b'i was really hoping that that would make me feel better but i literally just feel like utter shit'
b"i was so busy doing my boyfriend's homework that i forgot about another one but my friends did it for me loudly crying face i love friendship loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"i was so excited for him to meet my dad and that's the only thing hurting me rn"
b'i was so excited for thxgiving break untill i got my schedule today and found out i was working 41 hours nxt week and only have 1 day off'
b'i was so high once, i walked into class, sat down and tried to put my seatbelt on. i reached up to check da mirror & i grab the teacher titty'
b'i was so mad a couple minutes ago, but then i remembered i only shaved one leg today. ha'
b"i was so poor growing up if i wasn't a boy, i'd have had nothing to play with."
b'i was so pumped to travel home until they canceled my flight last minute thanks to the damn snow anguished face'
b'i was so sad about not getting the car i wanted, but then i saw someone cycling home in the rain... i am a lucky girl four leaf clover'
b'i was so tired this morning, i just realized i only shaved one leg'
b'i was such an attractive human being in 9th grade. face with tears of joy'
b'i was super drunk in the shower and only shaved one leg.'
b'i was supposed to go out but noooo i got stuck babysitting'
b'i was supposed to go to sleep a half hour ago but i am not feeling it'
b'i was supposed to go to the movies this weekend, but the rain said otherwise loudly crying face'
b'i was terrified of teenagers as a kid now i am one and im still scared of them'
b"i was thinking about how great my bed would be and i just said i was going to go to sleep and now i feel wide awake? mate it's not okay."
b'i was told today to look at my life from a different perspective. i am lying on the floor now and the shit still looks fucked up.'
b'i was too lazy and tired last night and just realized i only shaved one leg ugh'
b'i was violently scratching my body all night so i went to the bathroom to realize i am covered in hives \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3'
b"i was watching the walking dead there's two people in the show who need insulin injections i wasn't making fun of anyone"
b'i went from having the day off to working 645am -6pm'
b'i went to a tmj specialist today and turns out my jaw has been out of place for a while and now i get to wear a jaw splint. good \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x94\xab'
b'i went to target to buy some angry orchard in my fav seasonal flavor this way i can drink it when my tum stops hurting and im excited'
b'i went to the bank of england museum on my lunch break. lots of interactive exhibits about keeping the interest rate at 2%'
b'i whisper " what the fuck " to myself at least 20 times a day'
b'i will always love you but i can not live like that! \xe2\x80\x94 ouvindo adema (\xc3\xa1lbum )'
b'i will attempt to go to sleep weary face sleeping face expressionless face'
b'i will be responsible for my actions... when my actions become more responsible.'
b'i will be totally ok with you not being in my life, do not flatter yourself honey.'
b'i will give my right arm for this opening track'
b'i will kill you with kindness even if i have to beat the shit out of you.'
b'i will literally pay someone to come & pack for me'
b'i will never forget the day when she said yes to me because that was the last time we agreed on anything.'
b'i will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, i will go'
b'i will never understand the physics behind british people losing their accents when they sing.'
b'i will not be impressed with technology until i can download food from the internet.'
b'i will not end up with a c + and i am going to try my best to get that b in algebra'
b'i will not let this be on my mind all day. i will not let this drive me crazy.'
b'i will respect any religion you practice... as long as you never knock on my door to tell me about it.'
b'i will stop eating ice cream out of the container once i make it completely level.'
b'i will straight up walk into traffic to avoid a kid selling something.'
b'i wish all these random ass ppl stop following me now... shit annoying!'
b'i wish all videos of people twerking ended with them catching on fire.'
b'i wish a nigga would try to fight me with dreads, nose ring, eye piercing, or a pony tail.. all that shit is coming out face with tears of joy'
b"i wish bears actually liked humans so they could give you authentic bear hugs... that'd be the best."
b'i wish boobs did the bra thing without having to wear the bra'
b'i wish college had coupons. buy one semester, get one semester free face with tears of joy'
b'i wish disney channel had a throwback week.'
b'iwish everyone would just do whats right.'
b'i wish everything i liked was less expensive or maybe even free'
b'i wish every time i made a mistake in life a red line would appear which i could click on and get recommended alternatives.'
b'i wish exercising was as easy as eating.'
b'i wish getting out of bed was as easy as getting into bed'
b'i wish i could actually get paid doing drawings and designing shit. so far all my art related work has been volunteer work'
b'i wish i could be an attention whore like you.'
b"i wish i could fast forward and see if niggas gon be shit/grow up 5 years from now.. it'll be easier to stop fuckin with them"
b'i wish i could go back in life, not to change it, just to feel a couple things twice.'
b'i wish i could go back to the day i met you, and walk the hell away.'
b'i wish i could google shit like : " where the fuck is my phone? " and it be like : " under your pillow, dumbass. "'
b'i wish i could google " things in my fridge " so i would not have to walk all the way downstairs and be disappointed'
b'i wish i could have the price is right audience around whenever i am making important life decisions.'
b'i wish i could hurt you the way you hurt me. but i know that if i had the chance, i would not do it.'
b'i wish i could illegally download clothes.'
b'i wish i could just " like " a text so i do not have to respond.'
b'i wish i could just sleep. shit.'
b'i wish i could live like spongebob, laugh out loud all day without any reason and annoy the bad people with my happiness.'
b"i wish i could pick which brain cells the alcohol kills... there's alot of crap i wish i could forget about"
b'i wish i could play with my own hair and fall asleep to the rain'
b'i wish i could record my dreams and watch them later.'
b'i wish i could rewind time. just so i could fix a few things.'
b'i wish i could share all the funny shit i see with yall face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'i wish i did not have classes on fridays weary face'
b"i wish i didnt love bmth's new sound as much as i do bc they're such jerks and shit on the genre that made them famous but here i am"
b'i wish i didnt work and stay up all night sleep all day, do nothing productive with my life, and going no where with it like most of ya'
b"i wish i'd lose my phone as easily as i lose my virginity."
b'i wish i had a bf so i can fuck the shit outta him face with tears of joy ion know the rest'
b'i wish i had a cute laugh but instead i sound like a dying seal'
b'i wish i had a delete button in my life. to delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.'
b'i wish i had a fun multiplayer game friends were playing, maybe i am burnt out but halo is just not what i wanna play rn.'
b'i wish i had a monozygotic twin so i could be entered in a bunch of studies'
b'i wish i had clear skin and a billion dollars in the bank and people who actually gave a fuck about me'
b'i wish i had enough selfies to change all of my profile pics on every social media like some other people.'
b'i wish i had hoes fighting over me face with tears of joy loudly crying face sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b"i wish i had kim kardashian's talent of not having any talent and making money out of it."
b'i wish i had more homework'
b'i wish i had one of those kim kardashian jobs where they pay you for just living cause damn'
b'i wish i had so much spare time on my hands i could stand around screaming the bible at uninterested people in a high street... unamused face'
b'i wish i had speakers built inside my shower'
b"i wish i had that friend that lived next door and they'd come over just to kick it and watch movies or something"
b'i wish i had the answer to so many things but i just fucking do not'
b'i wish i had the heart to ignore you like you ignore me.'
b'i wish i knew how my brain remembers certain things but not other things like i remember the most random shit.'
b'i wish i knew more spanish. this beautiful hispanic girl just hit on me and i replied, " me llamo es dora. let\'s go exploring! "'
b'i wish i knew ur mom email so i could message her real quick to tell her to go in ur room to slap the shit outta you'
b'i wish i lived in a world where i could go on a late night walk at like 2am and dont have to be scared of getting raped or killed'
b'i wish i loved anything as much as short guys love being cops.'
b'i wish i loved exercise as much as i love napping 3 times a day and eating 5 times the suggested serving size.'
b'i wish " im tired " was a valid excuse to stay away from school'
b'i wish it was possible to drink rumchata at parties without people judging because that shit tastes exactly like cinnamon toast crunch milk'
b'i wish i was a cat because the fatter you are the more people like you.'
b'i wish i was an iceberg because icebergs dont have to go to school or have crushes on people they just float around destroying things'
b"i wish i was at the ama's 2015 so many great artists were there holy shit all of my idols and faves"
b'i wish i was better at hiding when i am annoyed/pissed off but my face says it all lol i literally will give you major death stares'
b'i wish i was better at telling people how i really feel'
b'i wish i was cool and smoked vape everyday. ha'
b'i wish i was in a gang, i never know what to do with my hands when taking pictures.'
b'i wish i was in engineering so i could watch lord of the rings in the lounge too..'
b'i wish i was in shape but pizza is everything sorry'
b'i wish i wasnt so fucking insecure about my body like damn son i just want to wear shorts without almost crying'
b"i wish i wasn't working tomorrow i need a day off by myself"
b"i wish i was older. so much shit would be handled and i'd have no more worries."
b'i wish i was pretty and funny and had nice legs and a flat stomach and could run for 10 minutes straight without dying.'
b'i wish i was sleep rn cos this shit annoying'
b'i wish i was turning 21 next month so i could get my concealed to carry license only two years to wait expressionless face'
b'i wish i were a jedi. i do not want to use the force or anything. i just want to hang out in my bathrobe everyday.'
b'i wish my arms were big enough to wear bro tanks...'
b'i wish my bank account refilled as fast as my laundry basket.'
b'i wish my eyes could take pictures.'
b"i wish my friend's houses were connected to mine via secret tunnels."
b'i wish my grandma would just tell me i am the princess of genovia by now so i can drop out of school.'
b'i wish my immunization records a hurry up and come, so i can send my shit off to usm, really finna get pissed'
b'i wish my mind had a delete button'
b'i wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply.'
b'i wish my phone would stop correcting " omg " to " omg " i am not that shocked'
b'i wish my pillow could collect my dreams and when i wake up i could plug it into my computer and watch them over again.'
b'i wish my wallet was as fat as i am'
b'i wish neener and teejer would help a girl out with some cash flow'
b'i wish was coming back sooner. good shit'
b'i wish on a daily basis i only had to worry about myself.'
b'i wish physics is as fun as chemistry'
b'i wish ppl were more straight up w shit lol'
b'i wish schools cared about the cleanliness of the restrooms as much as they do about dress code'
b'i wish school was as easy as half the girls in it.'
b'i wish she wake up \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9, she anit got shit to do tomrroww'
b'i wish shit was how it used to be'
b'i wish someone loved me as much as white women in commercials love yogurt.'
b'i wish someone would tell me what to eat and how to exercise and when to do my homework and when to stop drinking'
b'i wish stuff did not irritate me. i wish i did not care about shit at all. then i would not be mad, or sad, or feel shit.'
b'i wish that i could be like like the cool kids "'
b'i wish that i could fall asleep, and wake up with all of my problems gone.'
b'i wish the minutes between hitting the snooze button lasted as long as microwave minutes.'
b'i wish we could donate body fat to those in need'
b'i wish we were cheering tomorrow but i can not wait to sit and watch our boys make history.'
b'i wish you could see how the shit would look on your head before you do it'
b'i wish you were here'
b"i woke up and died a little this morning when i realized its a school day and it's not the weekend"
b'i woke up like this smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i woke up like this'
b'i woke up next to my girl without make up & thought i cheated on her.'
b'i woke up still drunk on your love heavy black heart'
b'i woke up to thid beautiful blessing i love my life'
b'i woke up with a zit on my lip ; to avoid any confusion, i wrote " not herpes " next to it with a ball-point pen.'
b'i wonder how long it takes a giraffe to throw up.'
b'i wonder how many calories i burn when i run away from my problems'
b'i wonder how often i am being talked about.'
b"i wonder how people describe me when they're talking about me to someone who has never met me"
b'i wonder how people would react if i walked into sea world with a fishing pole.'
b"i wonder if a receptionist at a sperm bank has ever used the phrase :'thanks for coming. '"
b"i wonder if buzz and woody ever met some of andy's mom's toys. especially since they probably have the same names"
b'i wonder if cats worry about ending up living alone with socially awkward teenagers.'
b'i wonder if clouds ever look down on us and say, " hey look, that one is shaped like an idiot. "'
b'i wonder if hundreds of years from now civilizations will look at our emojis how we look at egyptian hieroglyphics'
b'i wonder if more children were conceived because of alcohol or more alcohol was consumed because of children.'
b'i wonder if superman ever put glasses on lois lane\'s dog & she was like, " i\'ve never seen this dog before. is this a new dog? "'
b"i wonder if tap dancers walk into a room, look at a floor and think, 'i'd so tap that. '"
b'i wonder if teachers play the " who\'s a virgin " game in their heads in class.'
b'i wonder if ted mosby\'s wife will tell the kids her version of " how i met your father " for another 9 years'
b"i wonder if the clothes in china say,'made around the corner. '"
b'i wonder if there is a secret feud between rocket scientists and brain surgeons.'
b'i wonder if women in china complain that all guys are the same.'
b'i wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.'
b'i wonder what it feels like to have your life together'
b'i wonder what it feels like to sleep for more than half hour at a time sleeping face'
b'i wonder what its like to be hot. must be nice'
b'i wonder what the word for dots looks like in braille.'
b'i wonder who im going to marry one day like who is gonna keep up with me wow'
b"i wonder who the first person was to see an egg come out of a chickens butt and think... 'that looks tasty, i am gonna eat that. '"
b"i wonder why all pti and pmln workers are animals ppp one's should be than political parties smile"
b'i wonder why do i love these jerks.'
b"i wonder why i never learned my lesson, it's feeling like the second chance and it's the first impression"
b'i will not be impressed by technology until the day i can close the youtube app but the music continues playing'
b'i will not be impressed with technology until i can download food.'
b'i will not come to your party unless you have an animal i can spend the whole time hanging out with.'
b'i will not take a bullet for anyone because if i have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.'
b"i will not take selfies with other people y'all do not know my angles"
b'i will not talk to those who betray me " then you ignore the one and run back to the other'
b"i work in a library, you'd think i remember to stable my papers"
b'i would call my coworkers complete idiots, but that would mean that they have actually completed something.'
b'i would cheat my wife for you " is certainly not a good compliment on your girlfriend\'s dp.'
b"i would do but i do not wan t to get out of bed it's cold and my beds warm and i do not have to go school anymore good for me"
b'i would enjoy school more if it was acceptable to bring a pillow and blanket.'
b'i would fold this fitted sheet but i do not have a degree in engineering'
b'i would get stuck babysitting today out of all days expressionless face'
b'i would give my right arm for a tesla smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'i would give my right arm or leg for a signed copy of i love'
b'i would give my right arm to be able to chug nyquil right now'
b'i would give my right arm to get with karl from love actually. even in a turtle neck.'
b'i would give my right arm to go back to my two otra dates'
b'i would give my right arm to just sit on the set of and to have wardrobe...'
b'i would give my right arm to know what was harrys first reaction when he was choosing the outflit'
b'i would give my right arm to see odesza again tonight'
b'i would give up my right arm to go to pentacon'
b'i would hate to be a weather man and be married. nobody wants to be wrong all the time.'
b'i would hope that if i was ever cheated on that they would take me to the jerry springer show just so i could make an ass of myself..'
b'i would just like to publicly announce that i have no idea what i am doing'
b'i would like to invite you to stop inviting me to like your page on facebook.'
b'i would like to take this time to thank my teacher for ending class 45mins early and bus 69 for not making me wait long sad'
b'i would like to thank everyone who made sure i knew the colts lost last night unamused face expressionless face weary face'
b'i would like to thank my arms, for always being by side. my legs, for always supporting me, and my finger because i can always count on them'
b"i would love clinicals if it weren't 5 hours \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i would love for a bitch to try to tell me i was bald headed face with tears of joy face with tears of joy or missing something off my head sleeping face'
b'i would love it if i went to bed and then woke up with them following me smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'i would love to be a famous rapper but my fan base would be tiny and i would not charge so it would not work ahaha'
b'i would love to come see your band but i am lying'
b'i would love to look great for 5 am clinicals but i value sleep so much more'
b"i would love to not fall asleep while writing this paper. that'd be dope. k thx bye"
b'i would love to see the syllabi from the classes you are teaching this semester'
b'i would love to stay up and watch my boys on kimmel but ya girl woke up early so \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f out'
b'i would love to stay up but its a struggle waking up'
b'i would love to take a day off of social media but i feel so alone and left out when i am not up to date on everything'
b"i would never wish bad upon anyone from my past. i do wish y'all get exactly what you deserve though. if it happens to be bad, that's on you"
b"i would not call it a career, it's more of a soul-sucking paycheck making machine."
b'i would not make it very long as a tattoo artist because i would always be asking " you\'re f*cking kidding me, right? "'
b'i would not say i am a stalker so much as i am a covert observation enthusiast.'
b'i would not want to spend my day off with anyone else. i love & miss you \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'i would only want to bungee jump if i could slap someone at the bottom and bounce away giving them the finger.'
b'i would present on the day some other guy has the same topic... good go me expressionless face but i went first so ha still awkward tho'
b'i would probably give my right arm for a li bagel right now.'
b'i would probably rather get into your pantry than your panties'
b'i would rather give you my virginity than my phone charger'
b"i would rather play russian roulette than monopoly. at least i know there's an end to that game."
b'i would recognize a band member in public faster than my own parents'
b'upstairs neighbors walk like fucking elephants.'
b'i would wake back up after midnight.'
b'i would watch tennis more often if they replaced the ball boys with untrained golden retrievers.'
b'i write with a poison pen 5 seconds of summer'
b'i wrote a short mini fic on my nsfw twitter abt sendo liking the feeling of it through clothes basically gets off dry humping ippo'
b'i wrote my 5 paragraph essay in german class did my german homework in chemistry then my chemistry lab at lunch and i am still behind so good'
b'izzie when she only shaved one leg'
b'way to go. great role model'
b'i absolutely love this, seen it before but never gets old face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'yuup... live is good sad jk'
b'jade is my aiesec mentor! what a complete and totally random coincidence this is'
b'its literally becoming a joke now. turning into a joke football club'
b'yeah we do lol i am definitely blasting his ass like i dont pay thousands of dollars to have to deal with this shit in class'
b'jah you stole it while i was blind, but now i received my sight back demand all my belongings b4 i go mad. -joke'
b'thanks for the tip winking face exam technique has to be great as well!'
b'not really on the birthday but i did celebrate early with a fun weekend in vegas last wkend'
b'james blunt-carry you home 4 the youth'
b'oh yeah it should be no more than two, and should have to suffer a certain amount of defeats and a certain amount of (1/2)'
b'james just called me not ftb right after i tossed his salad..'
b'my sleeping pattern is fucked up thanks to u, bae! now i look like a very creepy panda. or zombie!'
b'best kind of people'
b"james you were threatening to pee on him last night and you're telling me to be nice face with tears of joy"
b'nah im good. he fucked up with the other song i rather not. thanks though'
b"hey dude, are you working with klie? that's awesome! lindsay and i love their games - can not wait to hear your stuff in game smile"
b'where were you today? i love your lunch show. i only get to hear it every 4 weeks on a day off!'
b'ur have a great sense of humour face with tears of joy'
b'jar + double drops + blood bank = fun'
b'that\'s why you do not say " ur ". we\'re not in high school anymore. oh wait.'
b'alright well be more mature than her and show some respect. she would be upset if she saw you tweeted that.'
b'bitch better b glad i had a dress on'
b'i\'ve learned that i will not be one of those retired people bored by doing " nothing ". " nothing " has been absolutely great. smile'
b'yeah ight! when was the last time you heard someone blasting pit bull anywhere by choose other then the radio sleeping face'
b'& while i am all for taking the quran in its best meaning-u seem to be arguing that it should be interpreted in a militant way.'
b'indiscriminate bombing is a great plan and in no way creates more terrorists out of people whose families are exploded'
b"yea that's your best bet! you stay on my twitter! i was talking about my baby daddy your boyfriend cause we was arguing earlier"
b'did not see you while i was in ic for an entire weekend'
b'ehehe i thought it was interesting but i liked literature and cultural studies more xd'
b': the fact jazzlyn had to find out celeste has a bf through twitter acceptable " lol dm me lil mamaaaa'
b'saved yourself being suspended with the'
b"still travelling mate - had to park at chingford so it's 2 tubes and a train home sad at least it was a short day smile"
b'please stalk me'
b'thank you. thank you for showing me what a fake friend looks like'
b'8 the death of slim try to get him back its like you tryin a no-water pool to swim whatever now black skin or'
b'being on a dat of silence means you cant text either, meaning you spoke long time ago relieved face'
b'waiting 25mins for a salad when your mates order steak and chicken and they got it in 5 mins'
b'jealousy means i actually give a damn about you'
b'thank you for this cool article. more children and parents will sleep better with'
b"awesome article on the jags. we're tired of the media ignoring us. nice 2 c a reporter be professional and do his homework"
b'they can suck it for one weekend compared to our million weekends when we get the shaft!'
b'jeffrey just said i was gonna be a creeper mom unamused face pouting face'
b'i am not... not really much of a gamer. it always sounds fun in theory, but i lack the enthusiasm to make it worth the time!'
b"well for the well-being of the school i do care really that was a b's comment"
b'nice parking face with tears of joy'
b"hey that's what i did today too? our lives are so similar..."
b'jellyfish have survived here on earth for 650 million years without brains. great news for stupid people.'
b'no cause he loves me today'
b"bet you've got better weather over there - i love manchester but surprise - it's raining!"
b"way to come through. so we're done with the snow? right"
b'i look forward to watching him attempt to put himself to sleep before carrying out a surgical procedure.'
b'nice shoes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'is literally right next to me and she does not invite me to watch friends with her...'
b'suns out, been busy working smiling face with smiling eyes hope your day has gone well?'
b'love the game we played only thought why larson had a shift in ot instead of reinhart'
b': females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me.'
b'is ending. you mean i will not be able to watch over paid snotty party animals anymore'
b'jersey shore us canceled?'
b'it is interesting you cover crime in literature. how does it work?'
b'i added the racist hashtag so i am good winking face'
b"no it's good foggy brain! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"love the fact jess is a teacher, never needs any attention now she's constantly busy. i am left alone!"
b'rnt you pumped to see the new arenas that changed the game so much'
b"do my economics homework and you're all set grinning cat face with smiling eyes"
b'off to get a hulucat tonight, trying v hard not to tweet.'
b': naps are the greatest thing in the world " i literally would not know'
b'i love geometry face with tears of joy'
b'im glad, one less bitch on my dick face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'jesus will love me no matter how i turn out 4th day of clinicals was great, last day tomorrow, class wed then graduation thurs.'
b'im good. but thanks for the fucking offer. have a fucked up life face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'come to our event before exam week and you could be a winner of some great prizes! hope to see you there!'
b'and i do? smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes xx'
b'that wont make me sick though, i will puke rainbows for that child & love them so much that they will call me clingy aunt becca'
b'thank you for making me laugh. now please put your clothes back on.'
b'now i am a yes man through & through but this kind of rhetoric has no place in a respectful campaign true!'
b'all that money spent on botox and teeth for nothing smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes face with tears of joy'
b"the pxp guy is as exciting as a saltine cracker. and i love campy but it's like being yelled at by my grandfather for 2 hrs"
b'i luv grado hes funny viewing and got excellent skills you better bring ur a game lol. good luck tho hope you win'
b'this day just gets better and better!'
b'at least it was a great sports weekend! " except tech won and uga lost. so it\'s not all bad'
b'thank you beef. i am looking forward to seeing them posted on various sites with *my edit* as the credit :-p'
b'joaquinbackfromthedead : - or'
b"yeah, it's a sound argument. i know i am not the only one, but i'd love to write up a piece about my journey w/ the pt"
b'job applications are stupid. " why do you want to work for us? " me : " oh, i\'ve always had a passion for frozen yogurt dude i am broke. "'
b'job applications are fun smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'jobs are like relationships. you have them, you cry about it. you do not have them, you cry about it.'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face nigga i said the same shit upon first glance lol'
b'the homie look like he handed out syllabi tests and homework the first day face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'joe literally gets soo cranky when its past his bed time'
b'i live to make you proud joey'
b'all we need for a great saturday is a fight companion thumbs up sign'
b'oh jesus the " i love you guys " at the end is the puke on the pudding'
b"fucked up stereotypes because i'll do that for this week. literally just got called nazi just for being german"
b'if you come to philly i am skipping school to see you smile'
b'new song omg if it is.. i just wanna hear ur beautiful voice again'
b'the press are like politicians all crooks and lying see you next tuesdays'
b"prove that it's not a cash grab. make the entire program warning based for two years, with no cash collected..."
b'way to go from grammar nazi to grade school child learning to write in under 10 minutes.'
b'surprised they acted on it so quickly. word on the street was league would wait to see if authorities would press charges.'
b'fuck yeah they went hard, i will not lie there film made me tear up twice'
b'joke of the day : how many hearts are being broken right now? answer : a brazillion'
b'superbad 2, mc loving comes home from hawaii 2 visit and catch up... get at me i have the whole story. good luck on your wardoggys'
b'whose ways snapchatting?! not i'
b"this nonsense always happens when rain's popularity is on the rise and he's doing great international things."
b'ask you man first goal scorer seems he never bought them though'
b'jon taking photos of me coming out of farm supply looking completely out of place face with tears of joy'
b'trying to get them views up like i am trying to get my gpa up this semester lol'
b'my prof cancelled classes for mon & tues so i am coming home tomorrow hahahah good'
b'how was your day my love? i hope you had a great day, i have to go to sleep, i have school tomorrow'
b'arguing with richard maloney were some of the best times of my/our 20s.'
b"i stopped playing xrd around feb. when i just straight burnt out. i had over 100 hours in and i wasn't having fun."
b'josh giving me shit * " at least i still have a phone... " me : and your virginity.'
b'your brother makes my algebra class the best'
b"josie is the best like she's even helping me w my algebra weary face loudly crying face"
b'i know i love it and they have clinicals for sophomores and everything! why do not you transfer like i am tryna do lol'
b"because josten's and college board control the monopoly on high school"
b'thank you, we do because seriously i never knew anyone else enjoyed these adorable little digital cats'
b'joys of cf include many hospital visits. staff fantastic but listening to some discuss wedding outfits while i wait 120mins drives me crazy'
b'kristie and i bought a big bag the other day and i found them in my bag old \xf0\x9f\x98\x9d\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d'
b'thanks for that reminder'
b'oh yeah-what you looking at face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'jswed : girlsgoneweed heavy black heart - or'
b"j thanks it's okay to piss me off then try and be cute 15 minutes later"
b'33k a plate. i am sure there were a lot of regular folks there. glad to see you backing a really honest person.'
b'he was already reported to be asking " why aren\'t we using nuclear weapons? " 3times in a 1 -hour interview with someone in defence'
b"did not you know? it's only a war crime if it's done to americans."
b'i know me neither. ppl literally gave up on the season after losing to the 49ers.'
b'developed allergy towards the most beautiful animal that i love so much'
b'you and will have me ready to get yelled at winking face love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"julie makes me so proud. we buttheads like nobody's business but i love that little nugget"
b'julie are do not be na\xc3\xafve radicals are very patient, two years to wait to enter our country is a snap of the fingers for'
b'we are getting another lab! good a little ro just like me smile'
b'jumped up out my sleep for nothing like'
b'what does the winner get? something to remember the hard fought win maybe?'
b'jus did my hair pouting face nd the rain fucked it up'
b'just 1 1/2 days of school left until break good'
b'just a boring old office.'
b'just about every person i know has managed to piss me off in some way this weekend so thanks everyone'
b'just absolutely love still being wide awake at this time'
b'oh i know that pussy was wet as hell fucked it good to'
b"just a friendly reminder that there are people out there who've had sex with your favourite celebrity and you're not one of them"
b'just a half hour of lost sleep linked weight gain -'
b'just an fyi to everyone if you park in the grass at ipfw they are giving you tickets. since there are sooooo many other places to park'
b'just another 2 and a half hour practice then i can go to sleep loudly crying face'
b'just another left-wing conspiracy by our america -hating president to make sure everyone can vote.'
b'just another original apple invention. a notification shade. where do they come up with this stuff.'
b'just another reason why our psych department is fantastic! smile congrats class of 2016 and psychology professors! smile'
b'just a reminder that you do not have to tell facebook or twitter goodnight you can just shut the fuck up.'
b'just as i am about to go to sleep it starts pouring down, good ok cool great'
b'just ate an entire 180 day supply of gummy vitamins sitting in traffic and now i am bullet and fireproof. probably.'
b'just awesome how decides to reload the page while i am typing a bloody reply.'
b'just because i can not sing does not mean i will not sing.'
b'just because i do not talk to you, or text you first, does not mean i do not miss you. i am just waiting for you to miss me.'
b'just because i like your facebook status does not mean i want to sleep, date, or hangout with you'
b'just because i am being quiet, that does not mean i am angry. sometimes i am just not in the mood to talk.'
b'just because i am nice to you, does not mean i like you. it just means i am not rude.'
b'just because i am not talking, does not mean i am in a bad mood cause sometimes i just like being quiet.'
b'just because i am smiling, does not mean i do not want to hit you in the face'
b"just because i tweet something does not mean it's relevant to my current situation. my tweets are a reflection of my thoughts, not my life"
b'just because two people have an argument does not mean they do not love each other. nothing worth having comes easy.'
b"just because you're trash does not mean you can not do amazing things. it's a trash can, not a trash can't."
b'just because you say swag in every other sentence does not mean you have it.'
b'just bought our tickets for at in feb got front row seats'
b'just burnt my esophagus on this salted caramel hot chocolate that was fun'
b'just burnt my finger, gonna be a great day!'
b'just canceled an order how long till i get a refund thanks'
b'just can not get enough of cycling uphill to college love it love every second absolutely love it, especially in cold winds and rain mmm yes'
b'just cause i dont retweet a picture does not mean i dont love my mom wtf'
b'just changed my wireless network name in my apartment to " i can hear you having sex through the ceiling and it sounds mediocre. "'
b'just completed a 3 hour cell/molec/genetics lab exam.. rewarding myself with an all nighter studying for an organic chemistry exam..'
b"just crashed into a bloodmobile. hard to tell if anyone's hurt."
b'just cut my finger at work and about passed out, advantages of being anemic good'
b'just did a practice test for chem and missed about 75% of the questions... i am gonna ace this test'
b"just did the math and if i did not buy coffee every day i'd be a retired millionaire with very white teeth."
b'just do it heavy check mark'
b'just do not be a bitch to me cause i will outbitch you'
b'just drank a monster hoping to get a shit ton of work done tonight.'
b'just drove 40 minutes home in silence.'
b"just drove by an asian restaurant - wok n ' roll - well played chinese people. so crever"
b'just eat, eat and eat and eat because true love weights.'
b'just failed a science test'
b"just farted and it sounded like a baby elephant discovering how to use it's trunk."
b'just fell asleep during my exam'
b'just fell in love with a pair of boots'
b'just finished my last chem lab of the semester. yay, another 3 hours a week to waste time on the internet!'
b'just finished over the garden wall. it messed me up pretty good.'
b'just found a hole in my new pair of cropped yogas. i guess you could say i am having a good day.'
b'just frozen to death cycling in the rain \xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2'
b'just get bored in school. and ideas will start raining on you'
b"just girly things : pretending to be on the phone when you walk by a large group of men because there's a chance they'll harass you < ;333"
b"just give me a bed that i can drive around the house and i'll be happy"
b'just go ahead and judge me. i would not want you walking a mile in my pretty shoes and stretching them out with your fat feet.'
b'just got a back from a test reader. she gave me great notes & a really lovely review! ending the day on a high note!'
b'just got a fancy new bathroom scale that tells you what percentage pizza you are.'
b'just got back from work i have 2 test reviews and a ppt to finish life is going great smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'just got back home from work and still got school to do sleepy face'
b'just got done doing laundry'
b'just got done with my homework. hell yeah school is awesome'
b'just got home from work - a 13 hr shift. i love my students.'
b'just got my eyes tested, one has better than 20/20 vision, and the other is 20/20. so thats an interesting fact about me'
b'just got new upstairs neighbors... who are obviously elephants. no one walks that loudly without literally being an elephant.'
b'just got out of the shower and i realized i only shaved one leg. oops. face with tears of joy'
b'just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week just gotta get through this week'
b'just had a fire alarm - oh " i do not want to go outside it\'s raining "'
b'just had clipper zen tea bad feeling abit better face with medical mask'
b'just had starbucks coffee with four shots of caffeine lol! an all nighter swag'
b'just have to make it through this week " me every week'
b'just heard a hilarious joke in spanish, it made me espanlol'
b"just heard a woman telling her son that if he isn't good he will not be getting any supper!"
b'just heard someone pronounce the h in wheel so i am gonna need a minute'
b"just held a conversation with a sexy man at the laundromat and he did not ask for my number maybe there's hope after all..."
b'just how hairy was the dude who invented a shampoo called head & shoulders?'
b"just ignore me that's ok too."
b'just imagine how great life would be if pizza made you skinny'
b'just imagine, usain bolt was your father and you were trying to run away from a beating.'
b'at the time we were buying had exhausted us help'
b'but certain attitudes are not forgotten. i hope you come back soon to instagram.'
b"justin bieber claims that there's no cure for bieber fever. surely taking a shotgun and killing the little fucker is a good enough cure?"
b'good hopefully you will not create so much drama after that heart'
b'justin bieber got 100,000 retweets for tweeting " live life full ". that\'s just 3 random words. i am going to try now. nipple squirrel ham'
b'how can you have so much money and still look like you get dressed in the dark?'
b'how on earth did you manage to survive when your face was in a lot of pain from getting your wisdom teeth out justin?!'
b'i want to ask you about that why people hate you but in this world you for me the bet and i love your songs very much'
b'last night. was more like a school assembly than a gig. sit still, keep quiet, sing along and listen to me'
b'lmaoooooooooo. is the dick that good? she read you though.'
b'must have that daddy dick if these hoes are acting scary over his new girl. \xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x8d\x86\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6\xf0\x9f\x92\xa6 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"it'd be great if justin would stop acting like a major douche and be old justin again."
b"should know what it's like when all of his fans start to abandon him. unfollow him. let's see if he at least gets sense then"
b'stop dating ur shoe size and more like ur age'
b'not to be funny but stay scared of this master pussy that knows nolimit when it comes to riding a getto dick cum twice'
b'we all know you want to, stop being stubborn and do it'
b'whats good. im trying homie but she on my mind cant do nothing but think of her. holla at her for me "get out of her feelings"'
b'when i meet you remember i want a one minute long kiss on my cheek'
b'when are you going to decide to push that follow button??'
b"that's great! i'll have an extra copy of the exam for you."
b'justins sleeping and of course do you think i can even attempt to sleep? nope unamused face'
b'just in the bitchiest mood ever the past few days. maybe i need to do something for myself for once.'
b'just keep making mistakes shan, its really helping everything.'
b'just keeps getting better and better'
b'just looked at my exam schedule and i have an ict resit and additional biology exam on the same date and time great smile'
b'just lost my cracked iphone virginity by dropping my phone straight onto the farmers hardfloor... poor phone'
b'just love almost getting hit by canadians while driving to school unamused face pouting face'
b'just love being late. big thank you to for always helping me with being late, really appreciate it.'
b'just love being sick \xf0\x9f\x98\x94\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'just love being stuck in traffic with a crying child!'
b'just love being talked down to... unamused face'
b'just love doing math homework'
b'just love getting lied to!'
b'just love how i have an iphone 4 and can not get ios8. face savouring delicious food'
b'just love it when a ginormous sneeze happens the moment after my mascara is applied. alice cooper confused face'
b'just love it when my guys clean their desks and put all that paper in their out boxes for me to deal with.'
b'just love it when your boss tells you that you have to work on your day off'
b'just love that is giving me a countdown to his holidays...'
b'just love walking on eggshells...'
b'just love when i can not go to sleep expressionless face expressionless face'
b'just love when my phone breaks...'
b'just love when my whole family decides to take showers at the same time & use up all the hot water and i am the last one! \xe2\x9d\x84\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'just love when my wifi stops working and i am trying to study for an exam.'
b'just love when you get an attitude unamused face raised hand'
b"just my luck i drive 45 minutes in traffic to get to the mall... i get here and the fire alarm is going off not to mention it's raining weary face unamused face"
b'i just need 30 points from my te to win this week. confused face'
b'just noticed i only shaved one leg, lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'just now got home from work... love working in retail'
b"just once, i'd like my grocery delivery to be at the top of their list for the timeslot i reserved. just once?"
b'just once i\'d like someone to call me " sir " without adding " this is a place of business, please put your pants back on. "'
b'just once, i\'d like to see an honest facebook status, like " happy birthday to my average-looking, sort of friend, amanda! "'
b"just once i'd like to see someone in a movie call bullshit when someone tells them their phone number starts with 555"
b'just once, i wish webmd would tell me " relax... it\'s only gas ".'
b'just once, i would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... " today has been canceled, go back to sleep. "'
b'just one more day of doing nothing would be great!'
b'just one more year of graduation, then i am free like a bird " internet : lol'
b'just paid for lunch with dimes and nickels, in case anyone needs a financial advisor.'
b'just possibly sprained my ankle on south campus. my tuesday has been going so swimmingly.'
b'just put on my pointe shoes for the first time in 2 years. oh how i missed you.'
b'just realised i only shaved one leg argh'
b'just realized i can not go north to 83... hooray for the grand prix'
b'just realized i am not the opener tomorrow morning. i get to sleep in for an extra half hour smirking face'
b'just realized i only shaved one leg and forgot to do the other expressionless face'
b'just realized i only shaved one leg'
b'just realized that i only shaved one leg :)))))))'
b'just realizing how great adele last album was... why was i so sleep?'
b"just remembered i have a biology exam tomorrow on everything we've done great!"
b'just remembered i have stats homework due tomorrow. cause i am in the mood to do that right now.'
b'just sitting here with a paper tissue stuffed up my nose. you guys would so do me right now'
b"just so we're clear on this, wait for me to dip then you dip then we both dip."
b'just spent 15 minutes fixing the waistband of my favorite running shorts with a screwdriver. fixed. can now go to bed happy'
b'just spent the past hour watching a fruit tart baking competition on tv and it was riveting'
b"just stop using the internet if you do not know the difference between ur, you 'r, & y 'rue."
b'just the cherry on top of my day cherries unamused face'
b'just told my mom that rihanna for stance holiday collection is out and she yelled order them shocks and then laughrd damn i love this woman'
b'just told us this was were the bridge to no where was supposed to be built - i saw russia as well...'
b'just too excited for a block of gym and pascack period tomorrow!'
b'just to say there a no negatives in a vegan diet idiot steroid junkie your so fucking dumb how are you even famous haaaa'
b'just twisted and pulled a muscle in my leg, fucking yes.'
b'just twisting and turning and hoping it works, good intentions, but i am fuckin shit up'
b'just used a full size twix bar to stir my coffee.'
b"just walked out of dining hall and it's pouring and i do not have an umbrella, good smile"
b"just wanna sleep for a few days maybe i'll feel better"
b'just wanna thank kyra for coming over & cleaning my room'
b'just want lindsey to get caught'
b'just want someone to look at me the way i look at a menu'
b'just want to lay on a rooftop at night with you and talk about space'
b'just want to play already, fuck school. can not wait to get everything and get on my grind.'
b'just want to take a moment to brag on my upstairs neighbors who have kindly and unselfishly adopted a herd of baby elephants.'
b'just went to the gym with my friends. on the way home we get chinese food. they are such great workout partners'
b'just what i need unamused face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0...'
b'just what i wanted to hear!'
b'just woke to the horrendous news from france... my love and prayers go out to all those affected. dark dark day...'
b"just woke up from a 15 year nap. page me, we'll hang out and get jiggy with it"
b"just woke up from a 2 and a half hour sleep and i've missed all of imaceleb. that's great. have fun to trying to not here what happened"
b'just yelled " i am drinking a lot of water! yeah! yeah! i am powerful! " i love telework days'
b"just yelled 'you bitch ' at that mad christian lady in american horror story : coven. i fucking love this show."
b"just your tweet sounded threatening, if we're not nice they will radicalise and may take up arms"
b': black ppl, stop using the race card ; ppl who are sympathetic will become jaded. racebutstupidity'
b'oh right that totally makes perfect sense, i am glad you are a philosopher jacob?'
b'jz lectures on capitalism and class. socialism is not a dictatorship'
b'is gonna end up being my best friend on snapchat over us arguing about the fake horns on my dash board face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'in saying shit & i am over here laying down hoping to drop soon lmao'
b'the fact that we thought we were gonna be on that singing show..'
b'thanks so much, i love & miss you! hope we have some classes next semester'
b'lol got yelled at today for being honest. love this tweet.'
b"you're arguing against pretty much a consensus of the best in the game. come january it'll be 5 in a row."
b'i am actually legit upset about this lmao oh well... sad'
b'kanye west can say " i love pizza " and people will be like " he said i which means eye, and pizza is triangle.. illuminati.'
b'kanye west did something douchey and ignorant over the weekend? how shocking!'
b'i am doing a project and i was wondering what goes through your mind when creating music and what do you feel?'
b'like you never had a fucked up moment until you saw your father make pitch for a bigger chest to a teenager'
b'only follows 1 person!!! when i am tweleb enough ima unfollow everyone and follow 1 person... my future kim'
b"kanye west's new music video was made by my unemployed cousin and windows 98 screen savers."
b'i was up at 425am -i need nap too! a morning person'
b"yep. everyone who's watched it has had nothing but good things to say."
b'at what point do the braves consider making some coaching changes? cutting it'
b'is it because you are an actor who loves to make people laugh that you have becomes a laughing stock yourself?'
b"love you more face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss i know i'll not fall asleep so easily tonight pensive face"
b'my tinder match game is too strong'
b'i am funny'
b"i am glad yk who it is you're a true bitch"
b'why do you guys hate me now loudly crying face'
b'its 4:14 am here in norway, notice me karla? and should i be excited to watch htgawm tomorrow when i wake up?'
b"i do it's fun and easy, never burnt but with 8 of us at home sometimes i need a break, mind i save \xc2\xa350 week"
b'it does. i would love to try it on travel & it would be awesome for my sister whose bldg does not have a laundry in emergencies'
b'because that happens sooo often.'
b'get in sum good practice with your pistol. the shots are like 60 -70 yards lol'
b"not really it wasn't intended to be racist. it was intended to make fun of james, and it was an inside joke"
b"who's ass do i need to come kick."
b'all of this killing needs to stop and celebs like yourself should say something or maybe you are the problem'
b"yes, but like you said... it's your opinion, which no one else has to agree with. do not worry about what other people do."
b'you say that like its a part time weekend job, suck it up barber winking face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'eww. totally something everyone is wants to read in their spare time'
b'cuz it was cool and i thought of you'
b'yeah i was kinda tryna forget that face with tears of joy you was hanging out the window blasting abit of tommy lee thou face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'good one'
b'oh i am so so jealous'
b"good it's pouring in midrand and the thunder is not bad either. my lawn has been thirsty for a while"
b'thank you katherine. can not wait to eat that turonies tomorrow at school smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'be a good role model for nugget cause tbh he is a rebel'
b"shit she ain't ever gonna but i am ok with that"
b"it's funny to see how the girl who saved my life does not even know that i am exist, fuck yeah"
b'loves to see homeless person beat up for supporting trump youtube'
b'the clock is ticking, running out of time so we should party, all night'
b'the type of girl to sit on a cloud naked'
b'when are you starting to troll again when i am asleep'
b'lmao good i love our first adventure together was to find hot makoto and go to that awkward dance'
b'umm yep idk why but we paid for those classes with friday being a whole day for 2 fridays'
b'he is getting so big! i can not wait for her to need us to babysit.'
b"kayla just sent me the funniest text i've read in a long time face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'that shit was awesome destroyed the whole right arm and did not give a fuck i would not want to break her heart or id be broken'
b'andrealopezz89: jocelyn_1996 happy birthday biaatch lets go out to eat soon when i have a day off love you'
b'king_vladdy : college is 50% stressing out and 50% hoping you get hit by a car'
b'also this is a super flattering picture smile'
b'more than happy to do so king kev! your column in the current issue is extremely insightful...'
b'keep waiting boo boo... you got 18 more years to wait face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'keep your kids from asking any questions that will piss me off. please? k thanks'
b'glad you find it funny... bitch'
b"oh, wait who's she gotta babysit"
b"i really do appreciate the warning but i stick to the people i like and ignore the rest. it's unfortunate ppl have to"
b'i was about to puke. now have to go clean the shearts out of my pants. love you'
b'oh well back work tomorrow'
b'i got you'
b'kendall jenner gets paid to per instagram post, im just trying my best to get 11 likes so it changes from names to numbers'
b'*kendrick lamar reading at an elementary school* " jack be nimble, jack be quick... " *dramatic pause * " girl i know you want this dick "'
b'i am so glad i am working tonight! ugh jour181 is going to be the death of me. best labor day weekend evar! i have to study the whole time.'
b'mann you gotta get a lawyer, i done had tickets way worse than that without even getting points on my license.'
b'yep just like the advert!'
b"kfc wasn't a bad choice afterall smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat unamused face"
b"k.. guess that's fair that my grade is penalized cause someone in my group did not do their homework.."
b'i would give my right arm to look as good as you do. never feel bad about the way you look. you are gorg!'
b'reading your book love it down loaded all the songs you have in your play list 2 work 2 out 2 good wk'
b"the thing is you can not dictate what people say. this is their venting field. it's an election year. people are angry."
b"thought he'd pop in to see the youngest generation.. they are obviously thrilled to see him"
b'kid i babysit is naming off his christmas list and then says " & i asked for more homework. " just wait kid, it\'s coming'
b'kid, i can take you out the same way i brought you into this world, by making it look like an accident.'
b'kids banging like a parade of elephants tapdancing upstairs. will have to calm them down a bit before the ceiling lands on my noggin.'
b'kids born in 2000 never have to worry about forgetting how old they are'
b"kids : dad we want mcdonalds dad : spell mcdonalds & i'll buy it kids : fuck it lets go to kfc"
b'kids. i am sure i have kids. sounds like i have elephants upstairs though.'
b'kids like this tho... bet they perfect like their parents'
b'kill a mf with kindness they hate that shit'
b'kill bill with kindness'
b'killed my abs in the gym and then realized my tights are see through.'
b'kill em kill em with kindness'
b"kill em with kindness. everyone should show up with christmas cards and sing chrismas songs! obama's va"
b"kill 'em with kindness is the worst song on revival."
b'kill em with kindness'
b"killer_kelly305 i was watching the walking dead there's two people in the show who need insulin injections i wasn't making fun of anyone"
b'kill people with kindness smiling face with halo live yo life'
b'kill people with kindness'
b'kill the bitch with kindness'
b'kill them with kindness, bury them with smile, leave them with ignorance'
b'kill them with kindness smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"i am doing good kimberly thank you. it's a weird foggy day! smile"
b': not sure where im goin rn but i am nawt stayin here " why are you telling a registered nurse that you can not spell.'
b"like at 9 you would've been knocked but thanks to grace she got us all fucked up loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"hmm i would love to but i am gunna enjoy my day off we'll reunite on black friday loudly crying face"
b'kim jong un has upgraded himself from " leader of north korea " to " supreme leader of north korea " by adding sour cream and extra cheese.'
b"kim & kanye are naming their baby north. it's full name will literally be north west, in case you forgot why you hate humanity."
b'fashion week huh? i hope you got yourself some good clothes to wear. cause you always wear like a nasty person!'
b'i know someone dragged kia by the hair and made her pick up her money up by her mouth.'
b"kim kardashian is pregnant and her baby already has more money than i'll make in a lifetime. cool."
b"kim kardashian is suing me for using her legs for my new store's logo. i just want my customers to know we're open 24/7"
b'look at her feets you do that to piss. me the f off stop that bull shit'
b'what do you think of ppls percep of u? the intellectual world is not impressed... is money & selfies all you can do? dad think?'
b'you married an ass. great choice'
b"you so fake with it \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9y'all do not even like ha"
b'kinda care kinda do not kinda wanna slap the shit out of you'
b'kinda freaking out because my whole body is covered in hives'
b"kinda funny how you're made out of matter but you don't."
b'kinda glad i spent my summer working at the trails it was pretty funny'
b'kinda hard to respect the hamburglar when, with just a tiny bit more effort, he could be a cheeseburglar.'
b"kinda hoping ill hit'the big 100 ' this side of christmas though lol confused face"
b'kinda tired had school then work & came home to kids. now were washed ready for bed & i am studying. and i work 9 -8 tomorrow smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'kinda want a rockstar. kinda want to be a rockstar. kinda hoping that someday i will not be a piece of shit, but a girl can dream, right?!'
b"kind of glad i was raised by 40's era black folks. i am not a little soft ass bitch.. they worked that out of me"
b'kind of hoping i do not wake up tomorrow. can not deal with the shit life keeps throwing at me.'
b'i just got home from cycling through the rain, i could use some good news yeah smile'
b'lmfaoooooo, i blocked him a long time ago and he just text me from armoni phone asking why.'
b"so you aren't hurting them by not performing, you're only hurting the people who've been excited to see you live"
b'you do not have any classes on fridays?'
b'i mean *flips wet ass weave* i been doing it since high school lol'
b'they can sense you have coffee and metamucil flowing in your body not blood'
b'kingston is really funny face with tears of joy'
b'thank you so much for giving an album that i can sing along to every word, it never gets old'
b'i do it all face with tears of joy'
b'kisses are so cute they can be spontaneous and passionate and rough or soft and sweet and gentle kisses are so cute did i mention i love kisses'
b'kiss me and cuddle with me and tell me im your favorite person'
b"'k ' is the shortest way to spell 'fuck you '"
b'k. " is the shortest way to spell " fuck you.'
b'nope, probably too busy writing the next great american novel'
b'kkk are the police are the kkk are the police. will not get caught if they do not want to catch you.'
b'k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k'
b'like i am covered in hives bc i drank :(('
b"national stopped using eminem'sf track in campaigning a cple weeks ago - heard it used 2 mins ago newstalkzb"
b"know what that's like. it can really take the joy out of school."
b'knowing every word to mean girls'
b'knowing how sad is going to be this week, i am not sure i want to get caught up rip crying face'
b"knowing your family so well, you can tell who's coming down the stairs by the sound of their footsteps."
b'knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit ; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.'
b"know what's fun? 4 and a half hours of sleep."
b"lol... you could be literally anything that's not racist but ur gonna go ahead and do that."
b'kosta is doing nothing great'
b"the next day he was like i'd love to stay and chat but i just noticed i have some of your puke on me."
b'i did not want my fridays to be late for travel purposes (causeyouknow5hoursaway ) so i have 3 classes from 8am - 10:50am'
b'glad to have my favourite bitch back'
b'we totally planned it. smile'
b': that follow was a complete surprise! ha \' " i know you ain\'t subtweeting me!'
b'aww love you my nigguh my a1 since day 1 kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes kissing face with smiling eyes thank you i am! first day off smile'
b': good start to the day...'
b'ksoo could never say no to his cute pouty jongin especially since he looks good with his glasses askewed & foggy and blonde hair messed up'
b'sarcasm is as necessary to me as booze! face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah, picked up in that after the fact. thanks for letting me know and blasting the dumb fuck'
b"it's cheap of them and i am still kinda upset they're actually making money from dishonest work but oh well what to do now"
b'kushandwizdom : click here for more quotes - or'
b'i know just bluddy deleted all my music n pics but if you bk it up then you dnt need to lol face with tears of joy'
b'yeah id be doing the same thing :['
b'my mom always tells me my style is weird and out of this world?\xc2\xbf? thanks... " that\'s the best compliment'
b'you must be a redneck if your twitter profile pic is you with a cowboy hat on..'
b': my favorite exercise at the gym would probably be judging. " lmfao face with tears of joy'
b'good thing the weather is going to suck this weekend'
b'wet and ready like a good kitty?'
b'lab better not last the whole 3 hrs tonight. going to tell my ta i can not stay because i have to go see the hunger games.'
b"thanks guys! we're really hoping to get out of the gate strong so we cna make sure we hit this goal! xxoo smile"
b"this hood shit, you and drake ain't built for/ this the shit the other bitch almost got killed for"
b'i am really hoping i can convince her holy shit, i am laughing'
b'lab practicals are just so much fun good'
b'lab report, english project, and 4 current events to do tonight that i have not started. you could say i am pretty fuckin stupid'
b'look at all of the smokers. lol'
b"ladies, 118 years to wait for full equality isn't asking too much is it? i mean, after all think of all the"
b"ladies : be careful if you wear spaghetti straps. it distracts boys bc they'll think about pasta. they'll stop at nothing to get pasta."
b'ladies... ever saw a guy that was cute, yall started talking & things were good but turned bad the more he spewed dumb shit out his mouth?'
b"ladies, if you think your man is cheating. take him to that bitch's front door and see if his wifi connects."
b"ladies, it's not fair to hide your crazy behind a great pair of boobs. it's impossible for men to see past them."
b'ladies... when i say bless you after a sneeze, just say thank you, instead of wondering where in the bushes that just came from!'
b"ladies why does it nearly always choose to rain heavy when we're out and just done our hair and make up? weary face"
b'give your money away to those your fighting for honey. that would show the truest commitment on your behalf.'
b'i love the album especiall the song to your aunt. i t means a lot to me because i have lupus.'
b'you need vote for the best candidate the man who will finish this eternal war that person is who we need remember that'
b'you call love an illusion and leave the one who loves you and does think like a child far far behind.'
b'la girls love the way it goes down'
b'subbed at a school last week and there was a kid who just came from syria in it. i have never seen so much joy in one child'
b'thanks don, surf has been super -fun past few weeks, wish there were more photographers out there smiling face with sunglasses an easy job'
b'i think it would look good as long as you do not go too dark!'
b'lalalove when people try to make decisions for me raised hand unamused face'
b'football is killing me this weekend. froze in the rain at osu yesterday. and this game is too late for normal people!'
b"hey, let's talk more about more fan opinions on domestic violence."
b'landscape and the city, my projects are going to be interesting this year'
b'i love not having friday classes.'
b"lolo! sounds like she's a great fit for dwts reminds me of that other athlete..."
b"lapear is singing as loud as he can in the shower rn. it's really funny cuz the damn elephants upstairs are listening to the same song face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'she released a video making fun of a trans woman and a couple of other things that im not really supposed to know'
b'laptop falling off the bed... just great a great start for everything...'
b'last 4 hour lab of the semester good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'last biology lab class tomorrow morning then no more 8 am on wednesday good'
b'last day in chemistry today & i gotta take a test where all i have to make is a 46 to get an a in the class. cool college is fun!'
b'last day of clinicals... such a bittersweet feeling. school may kick my ass but i love what i do and my life is pretty bomb smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'last day of clinicals today! much love to my group \xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b'last day of school before vacation. i can do this... i hope lol but good to coming home to more nick dancing. vote for him!'
b"last day of school then it's thanksgiving break! good"
b'last day of school good smiling face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'last lab of the semester good victory hand'
b'last minute wisdom teeth appointment on wednesday. can not wait.'
b"last night i ate nonstop an hour straight at novilhos and i couldn't talk or move after because i was too full. loudly crying face i love food!"
b"last night's shift is a win because i did not eat mang juan even though i reaaaally love it and was so tempted to eat one bag."
b'last night was halarious!... my dad tried to tell me i had to go to bed and it was " bedtime " ha'
b'last night was threatening to kick my ass when i was cleaning the popcorn bins so i would fly inside of it. nice.'
b'last of the loyal bros left stay woke love you nigga'
b'last orgo lab of the semester good'
b'last picture with my beautifull sister 3 r. i. p. sis still missing your huggs love ya forever'
b'last regular day of school, good'
b'you can not depend on anyone else for your own happiness'
b'last week of school now i just gotta pass these test'
b'last year : single this year : single next year : single next decade : single'
b"lately i've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be"
b'late night anxiety is the best'
b'late night conversations are usually the ones that mean the most.'
b"late night showers late night conversations late night adventures late night snacks late night memories everything's better at night"
b'how would they know they vandalized with piss? theres piss shit & pollution everywhere rio is trash wish they pissed on the leaders'
b"there's a lot of fast women in rio and they are making a fortune"
b"laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life. laughing at your wife's can shorten it."
b"laughing at your own texts before you send them because you're so damn funny"
b"laughing is the best medicine. but if you're laughing for no reason, you need medicine."
b'*laughs for 10 minutes **stops **catches breath **thinks about what made me laugh **laughs for 10 more minutes *'
b"i come home and there's no food"
b'but a foggy day, good book and a fire... perfect day'
b'wait till you have that class face with medical mask'
b"so frustrating! maybe it's the universe telling us that we've been working too hard and we should take the day off?"
b'its all like either cool kids or dumb kids in my classes and im just like i love being alone at all times always'
b'" yeah so completely agree, their vocals are so good on it " and this is all while i was blasting what a feeling and then my dad'
b'lawd i thought this sore throat was gone'
b"i am a mkt comm prof at ohio u. i'd love to have my students work on a pitch to promote the kind fund. two classes, lots of ideas."
b'laying in bed after a hard day of doing nothing feels great'
b'laying in bed doing nothing is so great (aka blowing off all 3 tests tomorrow )'
b'laying in bed for all of my night doing nothing other than being sad for no reason is a great way to end your day.'
b'*lays down to take a nap* *wakes up 8 hours later pissed off and confused *'
b'lazy rule ; cant reach it. do not need it.'
b'lazy rule : if i can not reach it, i do not need it.'
b"lazy rule : if it falls under the bed, it's gone. forever."
b"yeah that's really what it is dude no lie!"
b"cause you're gonna make such a difference in the world by coloring and cutting hair"
b"lead story on bbc1 news : scottish independence vote so of course it'll be biased & scaremongering etc blah blah blah"
b'leafs fans logic : arguing over having to pick between 2 great prospect and deciding which is the best. face with tears of joy'
b'most original tweet of the year'
b'learning 3 chapters before a unit exam is definitely the way to get thru college...'
b'learning about plate tectonics is always fun'
b'learning injection sites is so much fun \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe'
b'learning time'
b"leave all this fake ass love in 2015 please. stop pretending to fuck with someone and then co-sign when they're being talked about."
b'leaving uni at this time is so soo much fun face throwing a kiss'
b'lebron james hairline look like its saying " fuck you nigga, i am leaving "'
b'oh of course, with all their money and assets'
b'oh really... i am rolling some cigs now times are tough gotta have my rollies...'
b'try two matches to wedge your eyes open arsenal'
b"you're so right smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat i have mwf classes rn and i hate going on fridays.. but tues thurs classes mean a long school day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'left alone inside the office cos i am studying'
b'left my windows open in the jeep and it rained overnight. good life!'
b'left school because i am covered head to toe in hives smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'left -wing arguments for taking syrian " refugees " are stupid'
b'legit counting the days till i see in february'
b'legit wanna do my dissertation on capitalism vs socialism'
b"legs are covered in mosquito bites and now i've broken out in hives again as well, god damn skin!"
b'legs are gonna feel good in the morning. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'leigha always want somebody to get caught like her uglass. fuck'
b'ah i wish. i am avoiding drawing faces in order to improve on anatomy so most of my studies end up faceless and creepy'
b'i am surprised at the numbers they seem to be shifting. quite interesting. basically tyler perry for literature'
b'lemme just say how excited i am to work all night in this beautiful weather smiling face with open mouth smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lemme stop spamming now and attempt to sleep... or nap at this point ugh.'
b'less hectic day ahead tomorrow'
b'lesson 1: only trust people who like big butts... they can not lie.'
b'lesson learned, if you disagree with a feminist you blame the victims for rape'
b'less than 2 hours to champions league :)))))'
b'let lucky be, threatening to kick her off the bed. be nice lls'
b'let me find out you do not want to get caught up'
b'let me give you a little advice, do not take any advice from me.'
b"let me wake up to craziness and i'll be at the school in the a. m... goodnight"
b'lets all live life like a taylor swift album. learn some serious life lessons.'
b"let's all take a moment and be thankful that spiders can not fly."
b"let's be real here if icarly were an actual webshow they would get bullied so badly"
b"let's be the generation that stops putting things in our butts and having to go to the emergency room to get them taken out, shall we?"
b"let's do all the city road construction at one time!"
b'let\'s eat, get drunk and watch people exercise " - sports fans'
b"let's get drunk and tell each other everything we're too afraid to say sober."
b'wait you stayed up the school when you was done? mine was at 10:20'
b"let's ignore this whole bs and appreciate these 6 hoties in one pic"
b"let's just all act like we live in a perfect world and do nothing. that should break the ground of progress."
b"let's just keep entitling these morons... seems to be working out quite well."
b"let's just take a moment and appreciate how nice my friends are"
b"let's not go to classes for the rest of the day."
b'lets not talk about 8th grade it never fucking happened'
b"let's not think about the past for once and just move on and start something new?"
b'lets play a game called \xe2\x80\x98i feel like i am bothering you with everything i say so i wont make any attempts at contact until you message me first'
b'lets play a game called you bring me food and i eat it'
b"let's play the shut the fuck up game, you go first"
b"let's pretend this wine will cleanse me of negativity."
b'please. do some research on & before posting. i am literally turning into a white girl who can not even.'
b"let's review the test we just took by writing everyone's obscure answers on the board and making fun of them."
b'archie poured coffee all over himself and got burnt and finn ate some plastic and puked it all over me. not a fun day!'
b"let's talk of what we've done of what we are going to do"
b'let\'s watch a scary movie " *2 hours later*... " dude walk me to the bathroom. "'
b'let the stress of buying another car begin smiling face with open mouth'
b'letting go does not mean you forget the person completely, it just means that you find a way of surviving without them.'
b'letting me be when i am upset pissed, good move'
b"letting someone in your life is like turning off the antivirus, downloading a file from the internet, installing it & hope it's not a virus."
b'letting your barely 13 year old drive a dually and a trailer, (obviously without a license ) just small town thingzzzzz'
b'let ur old " friends " go if they arent helping you grow or not supporting you. you dont need people who envy you'
b'let your partner know the sex was great by dumping an entire cooler of gatorade on them afterwards'
b"i will adopt him just in case. wait i won't. i do not want to babysit a brat"
b'lexys twitter is a compilation of every ugly picture of me ever taken squared cool'
b'lfc were impressive tonight'
b"thanks i'll keep that in mind next time!"
b'my wife and i just got a new house and do not have a tv. we would love to have a nice tv in the living room.'
b"that's not really a joke, you shouldn't be making fun of someone when they were brave enough to admit that."
b"lets do something good today before it's too late before it's toooo late"
b'i would love to kno bc if you have an allergy to them then i understand but she would never ask again'
b'liam said theyd be working until the end of the year and their last planned event is the 10th but still i doubt they love me enough'
b'liars, got to fucking love them'
b'are intelligent and love to debate. expect arguments about anything and everything.'
b'licking something to discourage others from stealing it may be how oral sex was invented.'
b'lick your lips 3 times, blink once, and keep your eyes wide open until you retweet this tweet. i bet you will sneeze or yawn.'
b'lies are like children ; they\'re hard work but it\'s worth it because future depends on them. " - dr. house'
b'lie to me once and i will never trust you again'
b"lie to the state police and there is no prosecution? that's nice."
b'lie witness news one direction edition yeah i know aka the last 5 years'
b'life always somehow finds a way to piss me off. thanks.'
b'life better give you some water and sugar or else your lemonade it gonna be pretty nasty'
b'life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.'
b"life hack : always like someone's selfie. it takes a lot of courage to post a picture of yourself. always be kind. reply nice things."
b'life hack : be nice to people who have a pool at their house'
b'life hack : die to get out of your student loan debt.'
b'life hack : do not cut all your nails. keep one for emergency when you have no toothpicks'
b"life hack : kill everyone except ur crush so they're forced to date you"
b'life hack : you can park wherever you want if you put your hazard lights on and take your tire off.'
b'life has never been better i love my job i love my friends i do not have homework & sometimes i kiss a cute boy idk man the universe is neat'
b"life honestly couldn't get any better"
b"life is a box of chocolates! and if you have a nut allergy your 'e screwed"
b'life is all about finding the right download button to download the songs from websites " l'
b'life is all about tough decisions : getting enough sleep or staying on the internet weary face'
b'life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, get wasted all the time and have the time of your life!'
b"life is better when you're laughing."
b'life is getting so crazy lately like i can not tell if things are going up or down anymore? everything is confusing? i want to be 5 again?'
b"well at least she's well deserving & started from the bottom, ya know?"
b'life is great. until you remember you have a bio test tomorrow'
b"life is hard when you're an ugly girl that likes cute boys"
b'is short. time is fast no reply, no rewind. so enjoy every moment as it comes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"life is just like a penis : simple, relaxed and hanging freely, it's the women who make it hard."
b"life is like a bowel movement, it's still gonna happen whether your sh*t's together or not."
b'life is like a d*ck... it gets harder when people suck'
b'life is like an android game. no matter how good it is without paying, it makes you download the pro version for certain features, someday'
b'life is like a penis, sometimes it gets hard af for no reason.'
b"life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. it's about learning how to dance in the rain."
b"life isn't an ipod to listen to your favorite songs. it's a radio, adjust yourself to enjoy whatever comes in it."
b'life is so hard when you have twenty tv shows to watch'
b"life is so hard when your best pal is a 9. 5/10 and you're a strong 4 with the right filter and lighting"
b'life is s ( o )( o ) much funnier when you have a dirty mind.'
b"life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, and forget the ones who don't."
b"life is tough when you're a lazy perfectionist who does not give a shit about anything but at the same time cares too much about everything."
b'life is uncertain which is why every morning, before i leave for work, i hug my kids and whisper " avenge me.. "'
b'life is weird. first you wanna grow up, then you wanna be a kid again.'
b'life is weird. you can go from being strangers. to being friends. to being more than friends. to being pratically strangers again.'
b'life is wonderful'
b"life's too short to not be straight up about how you feel"
b"life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. so, love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't."
b'life tip : do not believe your mom when she tells you " we\'ll only be here for a little while "'
b'life tip : dont waste time on who ppl wont matter to you in a few years when ur sipping wine 2am on the balcony of ur nyc penthouse apartment'
b'life was so great until i did not finesse my spanish test crying face'
b'excellent! thank you! may have to set my alarm clock for an early morning start again, over the weekend!'
b'lights turing off while i was in the shower, not scared or anything...'
b'light travels faster than sound. this is why some appear bright until you hear them speak.'
b'like do not get me wrong i love my classes i just hate having to do so many assignments at once +getting up so early each day'
b'like do not play games with me i do not have time for it unamused face'
b'like everyone not to piss me off today thanks'
b'like, i did not go to see that harry potter bullshit. i came to see a matriarchy be built and thematic elements on classism and shit'
b'like i just wanna have endless amounts of makeup and have clear skin 24/7 and live a happy & cute drama free life ya know?'
b'like i literally ship sehun w like everyone im sorry ok'
b'like i make fun of myself all the time for tentacles and 2diks but i am not really into that stuff personally i just like seeing it drawn'
b'like " i want a life where i get paid less and drown in medical debt and potentially get caught up in a school shooting on any given day "'
b"like literally there is no feelings left for you.. it's like they just disappeared"
b"like ok sure i do not care abt myself being called something gross but you call someone i love that and you'll get killed, probably"
b'like say what you gotta say ima say what i gotta say thats that aint no argument now come love on me \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'like what happened to romance & chivalry? they just except you to give up your great goods with doing nothing to deserve it'
b'like what if... every 2016 senior class took a senior skip day... (wait for it )... on the same day, to the same place..? mind = blown'
b'like yeah i was listening to jeff buckley yesterday and today i am blasting the absolute shit out of some ke fuck outta here'
b'liking every facebook page i saw in 2008 is my biggest regret'
b'she said start a paragraph tonight & we gonna be in the computer lab tomorrow'
b'lil kids forever asking " do you have games on your phone "?... bitch nooooooooo!'
b"impressive, congrats! i am relieved it was just a test! so great that you enjoy your work that's so important! you are good at it face throwing a kiss"
b"you'll love it i do not know how it is for other majors but two days a week for two classes ain't so bad"
b'you wanna be on some cant help it just know it was thought thru lesson over..from just having smell and really well all thru'
b'lil wayne be like : got my grandma on speed dial, call it instagram'
b'lil wayne be like : pushed a nun in a wheelchair, call that virgin mobile'
b'lil wayne rap be like : spilled hot tea on my leg, call that t -pain.'
b'lindsey laughed at me when i said i do not look at tegan during the shows because i get shy. keep laughing girl, i am stronger smile'
b'well yeah the russians are blasting the shit out of them in syria, so yeah.'
b'liquor before beer youre in the clear beer before liquor youll be okay dont be a little bitch'
b'research shows that a huge barrier to cycling is rain. i wonder if there are not direct interventions we could implement.'
b'built yourself a little blanket fort and just waited for the meaningless big moment do to all the same shit over again face with tears of joy'
b'listening to a story and all you can think is : lie lie lie lie lie'
b"listening to love live while doing homework is a blessing it's keeping me awake"
b'listening to radio and my dad just said to me, and i quote, " you were still locked up in my nuts when this song came out. "'
b'listening to radio crime drama in algebra is the best decisions ive made all day'
b'list of things i need to do : -a lot things im not doing : -any of that'
b'literally about got hit by a big truck in the driver door..'
b'literally about to punch in the face'
b'literally anything will be said done threatened or promised to avoid a yes michael mcdowell ex minister of justice ireland'
b'literally can not wait to be out of high school'
b'literally can not wait to get back to uni. stop this life on hold feeling! raised hand'
b'literally can not wait to live with the guys next year. i love being looked at by my roommate like i am from mars & never being talked too smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'literally can not flip the salad bar until 9... okay'
b'literally = come on get real keep throwing ur buzzwords.'
b'literally crying because of all the homework. loudly crying face expressionless face'
b'literally did yoga in health psych today.'
b'literally doing nothing today.. ahh, living up my last hours in hawaii'
b'literally do not even wanna look in my bank account after how much i spent weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9today during lunch break'
b'literally do not get dress code cuz my legs are so short'
b"literally do one 'normal ' shift a week and it kills me to drag my arse out of bed and be at work by 8."
b'literally every day is to me'
b"literally every fan walking out of the stadium is blaming pep hamilton. it's glorious."
b'literally every girl is obsessive and possessive of their man so stop calling other girls psycho and crazy for caring'
b'literally everything changed while i was away'
b'literally every time someone finds out i am becoming a psychologist, " i bet you can tell what i am thinking about right now! "'
b'literally falling asleep at my desk sleeping face'
b"literally folded half a load of laundry in the four hours i've been up and about..."
b'literally getting stuck with all the crazy ass bus drivers today.'
b'literally going to cry. my protein bag ripped and it is now at the bottom of my bag'
b'literally got out of my bed, put on a pair of leggings, and came to school.'
b'literally had the best day! from giving an old lady vibrator advice to ending up in portsmouth! gotta love a day off'
b'literally had the best summer and few months possible, next week is seriously going to top it off nicely'
b'literally had to delete all my apps to download this ios 8. confused face'
b'literally hate going to the dentist'
b'literally have a love/hate relationship with listening to and in public bc i always pee my pants laughing face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'literally have had the hardest time studying today'
b'literally have no appetite, but i am gonna force food down me so i am not going hungry later'
b'literally have not had one thing to eat today'
b'literally have so much to do...'
b'literally have to delete everything on your phone to get the ios8 update'
b'literally in campus for over 12 hours.'
b"literally just clicked on someone's avi 4 -5 times to go to their page when i was already on their page"
b'literally just cried tears of joy after passing my fist college algebra exam'
b'literally just got off my feet for the first time today. opened to close with no break?'
b'literally just planned my wedding with david..'
b"literally just sliced my skin with my razor. i only shaved one leg and i do not even care, it's not worth it, it's just not worth it"
b'literally just walked a mile in the rain confused face but still'
b'literally just woke up to my t. v being on fire!'
b'literally like why can not you tell me what i did? pensive face'
b'literally listened to rather be 20 + times today'
b'literally love being sick more than anything'
b'literally love being talked about when i am not there. \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d face throwing a kiss thanks homie. face with tears of joy'
b'literally made myself laugh for 10 minutes thinking about how much of a fake bitch you are loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face weary face weary face'
b'literally made these two guys stop in their tracks and stare because of my burp in gander weary face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'literally miss you sm face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b"literally my dad has won mets tickets 3 times while i've been at school unamused face"
b'literally nobody came to the pool today from 1 -7... which is my shift.'
b"literally not even a month ago things were simple. this week everything's been flipped in the air."
b'literally nothing feels better than being loved by someone who hates everyone'
b'literally procrastinating so much i should be failing some classes'
b'literally school has wrecked my social life with twitter'
b'literally so annoying. do not come to me for advice then get angry when i say my part.'
b'literally so tired i tried plugging my car key into my phone to charge it weary face'
b'literally stressing over nothing'
b'literally tears of joy when i think that in two more school weeks i will be done and graduated with a bachelors degree smile thank you jesus'
b'literally think i may die if i do not get some decent sleep'
b'literally this class is confirming all my insecurities.'
b'literally this is the first day all school year that i did not get homework'
b'literally trying to research and only singing stonehenge.'
b"literally wtfff adele i've been counting down the days til this album & now you tell it will not be on spotify i can not live like this"
b'literature is really interesting rn'
b'little 5 graders thinking their hw is hard... wait until you get into highschool... grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"i like how you're so awkward and amusing ha yet super dedicated and smart good i also like the fact that youre my friend!"
b'little brings more joy than watching parents and children doing math together at brophy school math night!'
b'little comets/fickle friends/hippo campus dingwalls is a week after my 18th thank you lord i feel this is a beaut lineup'
b'either that room where oliver disappears to or the atrium just no fires or fag ends in my plants, we do need oxygen up here'
b'i wanna make a move on and i have for about 8 years smile'
b'woah slow down girls watch you dont hit tweet limit, youre going crazy with all your tweets smile'
b'have fun face throwing a kiss as soon as i start and finish this lab report tonight, i am done.'
b'litty w my next semester classes no class on fridays and my earliest class is 1:15'
b"liv ain't built for this shit like mellie. can not swallow all that bullshit that comes with flotus"
b"i always have two classes in one day besides mondays & fridays. i don ' dropped this iphone too many times tho."
b'is out today! click the link to buy it on itunes now! you will not regret it! grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'live like spongebob. laugh out loud all day without any reason and annoy the mean people with your happiness.'
b'living on earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.'
b"well i wasn't on a bout you anyway and thanks for telling me all about ur amazing holiday"
b'i keep moving away from it. nice move mother nature'
b'lmao i love being lied to :))'
b"lmao i am getting dm's of people threatening me lmao how nice"
b'lmao i am tempted but i do not want to get caught'
b'lmao little do you all know it was the fucking drugs. god i was blessed with a fucking fantastic mother.'
b'lmao. my friends love me smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes so \xf0\x9f\x98\x84damn smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes much smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'lmao my sister really do not want to get caught up she payed me to not tell him face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'lmao being left alone on the screen and just drinking from his mug with a lil thumbs up. love it'
b'lmao reminds me when i was stuck babysitting a 19 year old at this concert'
b'lmaoshifottaasalotf : laughing my ass off so hard i fell of the toilet and accidentally shit a little on the floor.'
b"lmao that's hella sexy!. face with tears of joy"
b"lmao when i am famous nobody's going to make fun of my school pics because they'll be burnt face with tears of joy loudly crying face loudly crying face future fans if i find you have them watch out"
b'thanks for the call back.'
b'lmfao the person who marked my lab report is way too fucking nice \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. but good for me'
b'lmfao this is so me'
b'load of liverpool fans behind the sky sports reporter, are they not at work? :o'
b"thanks for the purple rain and a great time.. keep rockin ' and writing"
b'locked myself out of my apartment and do not have a spare key to my car. happy monday to me.'
b'locked out my house for 25 minutes after a hour and a half spin class from hell.. fantastic'
b'locking chris out bc he has not answered my texts i fell asleep.'
b'locking your keys in your car at school is the best feeling in the entire world.'
b"that's ok logan. i know you're really busy. i hope it was a great day for you & have a goodnight."
b'maybe because games " journalists/critics " do not actually play games and literally hate games'
b"l -o -l at school sun up to sun down plus having a job. i'll miss this those bad when i am in my office bossing interns around."
b'lol block me on twitter? im crushed face with tears of joy ha'
b'lol canceled class and 85 on exam... good start to the day'
b'lol followers getting up there ntm tho'
b"lol getting called uneducated by someone who can not spell'sense ' or'sentence '"
b"lol glad to see you're doing well"
b'lol gonna sleep so great tonight... cause last night weary face weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. lol'
b"lol gotta love when a night of doing homework turns into drinking and looking at victoria's secret magazines lolz"
b'lol happy weekend to me'
b"lol i just blew at the spider with the hairdryer, it only moved a particle's length and i screamed"
b'lol i just love finding out that people lie to you.'
b'lol i love math but hate my geometry teacher'
b'lol i am not sure why i enjoy seeing little kids trip and fall so much face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'loling at the fact that apple thinks i have 5. 8 extra gigs to download ios8'
b'lol i straight up jumped over the railing to get the t-shirt and they were all gonna close in on me until i fucking exploded. it was great.'
b'lol it be so cutee when my baby talks to my belly every night just so she will move smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'lol... i wish i had a boyfriend who paid for all my shit.'
b'lol jk, went though hell for the last week for absolutely nothing. so excited for my next cyst!'
b'lol just made a joke about buying my paycheck suuupereffective'
b'lol love being ignored smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lol love missing the bus to do some thing for my sister'
b'lol me crying on my lunch break at a simmons bank parking lot.'
b"lol money doesnt buy you happiness but i'll rather cry in my matte black jeep ha"
b'lol my boyfriend obviously loves me very much.'
b'lol my timehop will be filled with bul for the next 8 months grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'lolo jones has such a delightful attitude and personality'
b'lolo jones looks like she is having a great time on'
b'lolol i dont have classes fridays smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'lol still a few years to wait for this'
b'lol thanks career lady'
b'lol thanks, i am a fan of deeper pies, hold the burnt face with tears of joy but yeah this was a fun experience! thanks for watching!'
b'lol thanks you too and boy oh boy loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face get fucked up for me.. i been sober for a minute now'
b"lol this dude commented on yesterday's video and said dcp should kill himself hahah thanks dude i will get right on that hahahaa"
b"lol this is the first day i've had homework all year really"
b'lol what a fucking great morning!'
b'lol when people ain talked to in a long time text me i act like i never met them before face with tears of joy'
b'lol wow i just put a new cream on that i was super excited about and now i am covered in hives!'
b'lol, you have to love fake friends face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'lol youre such a wonderful friend'
b'i wish i was as nice as you, shoot you got a whole online catering service and shit'
b'long bus rides after a w are the best face with tears of joy'
b'long bus rides are also a therapy'
b'long bus rides got me feeling like'
b'long bus rides when you are down are the best relieved face'
b'long bus rides with no charger. expressionless face'
b'long bus rides with no music disappointed but relieved face crying face crying face crying face'
b'long naps after school. \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1 but waking up in a horrible mood...'
b'long time ; no see no talk no text no chat with you bes.'
b'look at it this way ; if walmart did not exist those people could shop anywhere.'
b'look at these real ads about real things that are happening really'
b'look at what urban outfitters made wow so cute'
b'look daddy! we are taking a selfie while pouring sand on my head good'
b'look here for great advice about lead generation - is lead generation doing nothing more than leaving you'
b'look i do not wanna be famous for the fame i want to be famous so i can meet other famous people'
b'look i am sorry about your lamp but automatic karate is a serious disease.'
b'looking after a poorly mr and watching get beat... such a great night'
b'looking at old photos and all i can do is laugh, we were so cute'
b'looking at old pictures like wow i was a dime'
b'looking at your bestfriend and saying, " i\'ll do it if you do it... "'
b'looking at your text book and thinking, " what a waste of trees. "'
b'looking back at the past and realizing what a fucking idiot you were.'
b"looking back i think i should've straightened my hair instead of curling it for homecoming"
b'looking better all the time.'
b"looking for a boy taller than 5 '8 who will take me to parties and punch other boys for me"
b'looking for a guy with alzheimer. gonna try to make him remember me.'
b'looking for a stable job with no idea of which perfume to be bought next time.'
b"looking forward to a highly enjoyable few months rehearsing'torchbearer ' for regional champs..."
b'looking forward to another meal for one tonight'
b'looking forward to catching our stray momma mouser tonight for her " fixing " appointment tomorrow morning...'
b'looking forward to going back to work today'
b"looking forward to hearing what momma g (gwyneth ) wants us 'lam ' students to do over the next two years...?"
b'looking forward to school kids going back to school next week - not!'
b'looking forward to staring at the ceiling until i fall asleep'
b'looking forward to the painkiller and all liquid diet'
b'looking horrendous all day was definitely worth the half hour extra sleep'
b'looking thru fb... parents with their kids sharing their joy of their school exam results. im trying to imagine'
b"look i see that you love me and would kill for me, but this guy over here barely notices me and has a gf. i'll play the odds. -woman logic"
b"look like i am on death's door, just the look i was going for"
b"look officer, i am not being a smartass. all i am sayin ' is if you caught me then you were speeding too."
b"*looks forward to the weekend* *doesn't do anything all weekend *"
b'looks like bear is the real mvp.. unamused face'
b"looks like i'll be cleaning out my phone to make room for 25"
b"looks like i'll have 4 hours of sleep tonight"
b'looks like i am getting stuck babysitting while my family leaves to go shopping, again'
b'looks like i am pulling an all nighter tonight lol gotta love homework!'
b'looks like mia is having another stellar day.'
b"looks like today's going to be a good day already!"
b'looks like today that pigs might fly'
b'looks like we could be in for another goal feast'
b'looks of disappointment at football games are my absolute favorite'
b'looool i love being left alone in a library'
b'looooove getting home for the day at almost 10pm flushed face weary face loudly crying face'
b'loooove not getting a reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"ha! it's very expensive but they'd give their right arm to live in the hamptons i bet!"
b'losing an argument? say stuff you can not take back! it works every time'
b'losing money at the casino is the best feeling ever'
b'losing my mind... cleaning at 11pm because i can not sleep lol'
b'losing sleep because of her lol'
b'losing sleep due to over thinking on a nightly basis is linked to high blood pressure, depression and lack of motivation.'
b'losing sleep for nothinggggg god im so tired'
b'losing sleep for someone is love because i loooove sleep.'
b"losing sleep over the shooting episode of grey's smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"losing the best thing that's happened to me like it's my job."
b'losing what little sleep i should be getting worrying about where my girl is gonna go for the day. so stressed disappointed face'
b'losing your phone is like losing your life.'
b'losing your phone was a bigger deal than losing your virginity'
b'lost my virginity lost my innocence lost my phone (tweeted from computer )'
b'lost my wallet this morning what a great start to my day'
b'loud ass roofers at 7 in the morning + mom blasting music = no sleep for michael. yeah fuck all this smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'gee what a nice person you must be'
b'the same heart and the same mind and the same brain and the same objects because they love one another'
b'is awesome listen the album while i do the homework, l'
b"let's pretend you do not have a son back in la that just spent his first halloween without his dad \xf0\x9f\x99\x84\xf0\x9f\x98\x97\xf0\x9f\xa4\x94\xf0\x9f\xa4\x90"
b"louis was listening to note to self and layed his head down in attempt to go to sleep, there's no coincidence"
b"louis : yeah, we're definitely coming back ok boi but if you lie to me i will find you"
b'love 3v3 hockey. seeing nhl guys just gassed after a shift is great'
b'love 8am classes'
b'love accidentally falling asleep at 8pm n being wide awake at 1am :)))))'
b'love a day off tomorrow and currently lying in my double bed catching up on i am a celeb grinning face with smiling eyes perfect \xf0\x9f\x90\x9b\xf0\x9f\x95\xb7\xf0\x9f\x90\x8d face savouring delicious food'
b'love always being left alone'
b'love always being second choice smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yea but i only took one because i took some allergy medicine'
b"love a man in a suit. hot as hell when he goes down on another man's cock. especially when he's a hot bearded daddy"
b"love and respect others if you think you are only one right you'd probably be left alone."
b'love a post run freezing cold bath.'
b'love a solo thursday shift'
b'love been stuck on the crusher'
b'love being 18 so i can buy everybody else shit bc i do not do drugs grinning face'
b'love being called a hoe for simply saying no and rejecting someone smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being called a kid and being talked to like i am 5'
b'love being called a leader'
b'love being called " baby " & referred to as " my girl " heavy heart exclamation mark ornament'
b'love being called into work on my day off!'
b'love being called name that i am not smile smile smile'
b'love being called out'
b'love being hacked by face throwing a kiss'
b'love being ignored for 4 days!'
b'love being ignored like really fuckin do'
b'love being ignored!'
b'love being ignored what did i ever do to deserve nobody liking me? at least i got one true friend, well always be brothers!'
b'love being left alone ha ha ha'
b'love being left alone in the hall while people go and sing'
b'love being left alone... just me and my thoughts'
b'love being left out..'
b'love being lied to love having no friends in this god awful place.'
b'love being lied to makes me feel super special smile'
b'love being lied too smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being mexican but i be getting yelled at for being too skinny or not wanting to eat or not wearing socks like daaaamn'
b'love being no ones mcm:)'
b"love being on my own in town and missing the bus and there's a 20 minute wait, great xx"
b'love being replaced'
b'love being second choice'
b'love being second choice smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being sick\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'love being sick on vacation'
b'love being stressed first thing in the morning'
b'love being talked about even though i have not played in a game in 3 years. hilarious. lol'
b'love being talked about i do face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked about infront of. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being talked about on notes face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked about on twitter, and then someone putting there two sense in when you do not even know what your talking about face with tears of joy'
b'love being talked behind my back'
b"love being talked to like a piece of shit you'll get what you give from now on."
b'being up early after getting no sleep'
b'love being up early and being productive. feels so much better than sleeping in till 10 or 11 everyday'
b'love being up early but i am oh so sleepy white frowning face'
b'love being up early enjoying a nice cup of coffee'
b'love being up early for a change'
b'love being up early \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f. full day ahead'
b"love being up early it's like the world sleep"
b"love being up early, it's me at my optimum"
b'love being up early on sundays...'
b'love being wide awake and not being able to sleep when is snoring in my ear honest pensive face'
b'love being wide awake at 02:35 x'
b'love being wide awake at 12:18am when everyone else is fast asleep flushed face'
b'love being wide awake at 1 am on a school night'
b'love being wide awake at 2:30'
b'love being wide awake at 2:45 am expressionless face'
b'love being wide awake at 3:20am smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'love being wide awake at 3:40 when i did not even nap today smiling face with open mouth'
b'love being wide awake at 3 am on game day! sleeping on the ride over will be nice, until its my turn to drive'
b'love being wide awake at 3am'
b'love being wide awake at 3 in the mornin for no reason disappointed face'
b'love being wide awake at 3 in the morning'
b'love being wide awake at 4 am'
b'love being wide awake at 4 in the morning, absolutely love it smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being wide awake at 5. 05 on a saturday morning!'
b'love being wide awake at 6am having not slept yet \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love being wide awake at this time feeling absolutely shite. let me sleep person frowning'
b'love being wide awake at this time fucking brilliant.'
b'love being wide awake at this time, its me favourite'
b'love being wide awake at this time on a sunday unamused face'
b'love being wide awake at this time!'
b'love being wide awake every night when i have an 830 the next day'
b"love being wide awake it's really nice"
b'love being wide awake when a need to get up at half six'
b'love being wide awake with jay at 4 in the morning smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'love being yelled at by religious zealots'
b'love being yelled at like i am 6 years old smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love being yelled when i need help'
b'love bein up at this time goin work'
b'i was hoping classes were cancelled smile unfortunately now we go to class in fear ha'
b'love = big problem you do not have to have to love 1tim 6:10 -love of money is the root of all evil - some coveted & erred from the faith'
b'love breakfast but hate being up early enough to make it? watch our new make -ahead casserole'
b'love cleaning the barn.'
b'love coming back from work to a ton of fuckin homework. greaaaat.'
b'love coming home after work and doing homework.'
b'love cramming in homework at the last minute'
b'love crying before a vb game'
b'i choose to honor my husband because i am weak but because i am strong'
b'dont retweet... type it and tweet... coz retweets dont count.. only tweeting does'
b'love doctors... what do you really treat? i do not see anybody marry their 1st love'
b'love does not see the intensity of your love, it just see the hardness of your sneeze!'
b'love dressing up for games weary face face with tears of joy'
b'loved singing last night for my italian american family, nothing like jazz to let out some of your blues \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'loveeeeee when girls talk shit about me face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. pretty funny honestly.'
b'love family arguments'
b'love feeling like i am gonna puke'
b'love for satan the unmaker his love promise of gold as love fades you are left alone, in this all big world left to face the unknow,'
b'love four hours naps. do not love being wide awake rn smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love freddie being wide awake at this time of night'
b'love getting an early night.. & being wide awake at 12. 30am smirking face weary face'
b'love getting called into work on my day off! angry face'
b"love getting home from work knowing that in less than 8hours you're getting up to go back there again."
b'love getting in the car and getting yelled at for no fucking reason :-))'
b'love getting into bed tired then being wide awake'
b'love getting told that i am a bitch and i need to get out of he house.'
b'love getting updates on how long people are having to wait for ios8 to download.'
b'love getting up early'
b'love getting up early to study the types of body tissues.'
b"love getting up for work when the suns rising and coming home when it's setting unamused face"
b'love getting yelled at by my managers for nothing smile'
b'love getting yelled at for doing nothing wrong but okay mom \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love getting yelled at'
b'love going on snapchat after a party or night out and seeing my amazing dancing and singing'
b'love going out in public in my school uniform'
b'love going to bed like this smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love going to class right after a work out.'
b'love going to sleep like this'
b'love going to work in a bad mood'
b'love/hate relationship with morning classes, wake up so early but yet have the rest of the day free'
b'love having 5 minutes between classes all the way across campus from each other smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love having a bedtime every night!'
b'love having a great sales day at work \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love having an allergy reaction unamused face'
b'love having an f in geometry smile'
b'love having a regular convo. with i have sooo much time to do that...'
b'love having a sneeze fit right before casts!'
b'love having car problems'
b'love having no phone!'
b'love having problems w my baby \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'love hearing drunk stories of me lol'
b'love hearing people having sex upstairs'
b'love hearing screamo blasting outside my window smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love hearing that i am " second best " in your eyes'
b'love hearing the construction noise right beside our windows'
b'love helping with geometry'
b'love hen i am in a good mood and someone ruins it.'
b'love how aaron rodgers applauded for calling out jerks during moment of silence at game yet nothing is said about turkey & " god is great "'
b'love how alexis actually takes time to do his homework and makes sure i do not have any'
b'love how carls has my back when something goes down'
b'love how he texts me on his own.'
b'love how i can not even sleep in anymore'
b'love how kids introduce themselves like " hello im johnny im five years old i know how to read " ya cool i didnt ask for ur life story asshole'
b'love how me and my mom get in an argument and all of a sudden she cares about my schoolwork lol'
b'love how my dad just randomly cares that i am dating someone! alright dad! you win the best father of the year award!'
b'love how my parents start arguments with me over bs'
b'love how my parents think it is hilarious to scare an prank me... \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'love how my plans never work out smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love how people are mad at cam newton for celebrating after scoring a touchdown, but greg hardy is not being talked about after beating.'
b'love how you care'
b'love how when i come home after a 12 hr shift babe has already washed dishes, swept, vacuumed, & left me a sweet note before he had work smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love hunting for a job'
b'love in the dark is really good'
b'love in the dark is so good and i do not even like adele that much'
b'love in the dark is sooooooooo good'
b'love is a two way street but you have to be careful because women can not drive.'
b"love is a weird thing like you just pick a human and you're like yes i like this one i'll let this one ruin my life forever"
b"love is cleaning your boyfriend's room and bathroom because he's still sick with bronchitis for the second week in a row couple with heart"
b'love is falling asleep dreaming sleeping face of the one that makes you smile and waking up smiling smiling face with smiling eyes about the one you dream of'
b'love is friendship set to music. " this feels! sorry cant move on eh! smile'
b'love is halding hands in thezstreet. marriage is holding arguments in the street.'
b'love is just a wild emotion that can flare up during the good times and die during the bad.'
b"love is like a beach ball at a rock concert. i's fun for the people that get to be a part of it and just plain annoying for everyone else."
b"love is like a hot pocket : if you rush into it, you're bound to get burned"
b'love is so cute i am gunna puke'
b'love " is so much easier to say than " incurably agonizing and soul-crushing codependence.'
b"love is spending the rest of your life with someone you want to kill and not doing it because you'd miss them."
b'love istholding hand in the street. marriage is holding arguments in the street.'
b'love is very strong.. it can remove tears, fears & even underwears.'
b'love it! is joe the most interesting man in the world?'
b"love it lma my bae forces me to wake up cause he's missing me \xe2\x98\x85 relieved face"
b'love.. its a missing puzzle piece waiting to be found and when you do find it you can finally figure out the picture life has to show you.'
b'love it : some historians whine abt being called " communal " in the same letter in which they manage to sound communal'
b'love it when me and then deletes it.'
b"love it when a female pulls off a nice little fuckface. osati looking lookin like you tryna puke out a penis that's stuck in your throat."
b'love it when i can not sleep pouting face'
b'love it when i pay for my hair and makeup and the have to go home & fix it bc it looks like a dying of a disease'
b'love it when i sneeze while brushing my teeth'
b'love it when me and my sister walk out of our rooms basically wearing the exact same thing'
b'love it when my 1st appt is late... just sets my whole day up right.'
b'love it when my clients are as amazing as this org-check out the awesome work of the great ape heart project'
b'love it when my hair is covered in plaster'
b'love it when ppl just assume shit'
b'love it when shit goes down and i am the cause smiling face with horns'
b'love it when someone else is getting yelled at and its not you this time face with tears of joy'
b'love it when the internet goes down and i can not do anything unamused face'
b'love it when thunder wakes me up at 830'
b'love just now getting home & starting my 5 hours of homework :))'
b'love knowing how much you care!'
b'love listening to old fellas in the pub discussing the pros and cons of carpet'
b'love listening to on my night shift, makes the night go quicker!'
b'love love love being called cutie \xf0\x9f\x98\x8b\xf0\x9f\x98\x8c'
b'love love love being second choice!'
b'love love love puking'
b'love love love working with schools to improve safety for kiddos with food allergy!'
b'love love still being wide awake at 5am'
b'love lying in bed at night and feeling my sweet little baby move around \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x92\x99\xf0\x9f\x91\xb6'
b"lovely story for a dark time. this is how it's supposed to be between all good people."
b'love making awkward eye contact with people in the dining hall \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a...'
b'love manchester grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"love means never being able to like another girl's selfie on instagram ever again."
b'love meeting parents for the first time'
b'love me like you do! \xf0\x9f\x8e\xbc\xf0\x9f\x8e\xb5\xf0\x9f\x8e\xbc love me like you do! what do you waiting for?!'
b'love missing the bus and having to wait an hour'
b'love missing the bus by one fucking minute so now i have to wait 30 more minutes'
b'love missing the bus & having to wait an hour for the next in the freezing fucking cold \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb2'
b'love missing the bus'
b'love my family'
b'love my job bc an 8 hour shift feels like an 8 minute shift'
b'love my job but kinda ready to start clinicals in january so i can really do what i have my heart set on hospital'
b'love nba on tnt thursday night. nothing like kicking back on the couch and watching the last of the game.'
b'love never having classes on fridays.'
b'love night time clinicals, hate being wide awake after'
b'love not being able too sleep anymore...'
b'love not being able to watch the wings game and seeing pav score because i am stuck babysitting kids i do not even like'
b'love not getting a reply smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'love only being talked to when you want something smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love picture day when i am sick! i must look absolutely fabulous smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love randomly being wide awake at 4:15am mind unamused face'
b"lover boy fell asleep last nigh my and so did i so i did not get to wake up to him, but tonight's the do over lol"
b'love reading while sitting on the bus/lrt! missing the bus this morning is now worth it! and'
b'love ringing the doctors and getting told to ring back monday morning instead of making me an appointment... fab!'
b'loves a 22 min wait for a bus'
b'loves a 3:00am wake up for work'
b'loves a 5 o clock finish'
b'love seeing you first thing in the morning...'
b'love shit stirrers me'
b'love sitting at the doctors rooms...'
b'love sitting here day off not doing anything at least i got my'
b'love sitting in class soaked'
b'love sneezing & having snot come out of my nose smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'love spending my day in urgent care smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'love spending my lunch break in the post office'
b'love spending nights in with lewis while he watches football and ignores me'
b'love stapling and folding like 3000 letters on mondays smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love starting the day off with really good tunes, that giddy excitement gives me a good way to measure everything else that day'
b'love staying up till 11:15 doing homework smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love taking a nap early on in the day and almost sleeping through the night, but then waking up and not being able to go back to sleep'
b'love that i can not register for any classes'
b"love that i know so many independent women that say they can handle anything. unless it's scheduling a doctors appointment. face with tears of joy"
b'love that i placed an order with 4 days ago and it still has yet to ship. such impressive service!'
b'we had so much fun even though i ended up sore and burnt and bruised face with tears of joy'
b'love that my face is gunna be swollen tomorrow for picture day... pouting face loudly crying face'
b'love that my last summer night is spent reading'
b'love that my phone freezes -_-'
b'love that perron shift. set the tone'
b"love that the only drama i have is choosing between grey's anatomy or homework. you know who the winner is."
b'love that the soccer game last night got announced'
b'love that way my water bottle spills in my bag n ruins half my jotters/notes etc'
b'love the allergist..'
b'love the battery life on this phone. never charged my phone all day, woke up on 100% & just made it to 10%.'
b'love the craft show because we get a day off on friday.'
b'love the doctors! pensive face'
b'love the fact that i am still here, doing nothing when i could be at home sleeping or doing my homework unamused face'
b'love the fact that we do not let arguments or disagreements come between us heavy black heart'
b"love the night shift cause everything's slow hate the night shift cause everything's slow"
b'love the political advice on twitter.'
b'love the possibility of weekend work. its what gets me up on a friday morning!'
b'love these fire alarms'
b"love these people! i do not have the exact number, but i'd guess we served something like 100 -150 people today."
b'love the sound of fish spurs on the way to my 8am.'
b'love the way my plans never work out'
b'love this app to get all the right answer on geometry homework'
b'love this idea for a little project with the kids. simple and fun to do and guaranteed no biscuits will be burnt'
b'love this move by last night.'
b"love this thing you do and that's when you do not text me back. smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'love to be left alone'
b'love to find pics of me! (not my pic ) thanks lizzy, just what i needed after a bunch of chinese'
b'love to hate to love to sneeze'
b'love too get yelled at by dance mums'
b"love to see bc get knocked down a few pegs, but if i have to have one more nd football event crammed down my throat i'll puke."
b'love us on twitter? come and see us on facebook too!'
b'love waiting at the doctors for 30 minutes... grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'love waiting long periods of time for people'
b'love waking up and watching your snapchats your fucking amazing bitch ha'
b'love waking up at random times'
b'love waking up from a nap and being wide awake the rest of the night expressionless face'
b'love waking up insanely early on my day off for doctors appointments ((:'
b'love waking up in the middle of the night!'
b'love waking up super early'
b'love waking up to angry work email.'
b'love waking up to dig puke piles in the morning!'
b'love waking up to puke face with medical mask'
b'love waking up to this... unamused face unamused face raised hand sleeping face sleeping face'
b'love waking up to this. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'love walking a mile to class'
b'love walking in my door and getting yelled at the second i get home'
b'love walking through your cloud of cigarette smoke. why buy my own pack when i can just inhale yours?'
b'love walking to class in the pouring rain \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'love when bryan favs my tweets but does not answer my texts pouting face'
b'love when bryce drives me to school so i can have an extra half hour of sleep'
b"love when couples keep their business lowkey & off social media. then you see them in person & they're just so happy with each other."
b'love when dalton is on my computer and makes a post about a girl he likes and makes me look like a lesbian. face with tears of joy'
b'love when doctora gives 282828 hours of homework for 4 points'
b'love when getting up at 9am is now considered a nice lie in!'
b"love when grey's has all the doctors talking personal issues when there are injured firefighters everywhere. not a good episode"
b"love when i come home and it's no food or snacks"
b'love when i do not get paid when i am supposed to'
b'love when im putting mascara on and i sneeze'
b'love when i am the only person to show up to practice'
b'love when i see the same exact tweet tweeted by like every single twitter account'
b"love when i tell francis to not fall asleep and to hang out with me but minutes later he's fucking asleep. neutral face"
b"love when it's my siblings getting yelled at & not me smiling face with halo"
b'love when keek spills her whole water on me at dinner'
b'love when kids say they can beat me but when it goes down i win face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'love when middle aged men wink at me when i am bagging their groceries'
b'love when my alarm does not go off.'
b'love when my boyfriend remembers me after the game is over and his friends go home'
b'love when my mom and brother both snapchat me gloating about going out to breakfast while i am in class'
b'love when my phone calls do not get answered pouting face'
b'love when my phone goes down from 46% to 24% in a second'
b'love when my professor turns english class into history...'
b'love when my shift gets changed so i can not go to mcmaster open house'
b'love when my shorts ride up at the gym and you can see my skort tan line'
b"love when my sister's water spills on my pants smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'love when niamh retweets everything'
b"love when people ask me for homework because it's pretty much my only incentive to actually do my homework face with tears of joy"
b'love when people burn incense in the halls and my whole room smells like it grinning face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'love when people do not reply to important messages'
b'love when people run on the treadmill above me as i am about to go to bed'
b'love when people talk about the vets and the elderly to support their argument to refuse refugees, as if they gave 2 shits about them ever.'
b'love when people try to use me for rides'
b'love when people waste my time!'
b"love when the fire alarm goes off in the building i have class in... and it's raining..."
b'love when the internet goes down at work!'
b'love when theres no edgware trains from tottenham court road so i need to change at camden town. just what i want at rush hour'
b'love when you do not have two minutes to send me a quick text'
b'love when you get an a on a paper/ test & your grade moves up. 01% & if you get a bad grade on something your grade goes down like 500% smile'
b"love when you're sick and everything tastes like cardboard! face with medical mask"
b'love when your water bottle spills in your backpack and gets all of your school work and laptop and chargers wet smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"love working my nextgen classes and seeing the amazing things they're learning!"
b'love working on my last day of summer.'
b"love working out at the gym when it's pouring rain it sounds so majestic."
b'love working out with melanie in the morning. starts the day off right smile'
b"love you even though you yelled at me face with tears of joy the knight's pub"
b'love your parents. we are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.'
b'love yourself girl or nobody will.'
b"love you blue heart you were the only person missing today sleepy face but i'll see you soon! smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'loving life'
b'loving someone who does not love you back is like hugging a cactus. the tighter you hold on. the more it hurts.'
b'loving the great conversation over lunch'
b'loving these migraines that wake me up in the middle of the night'
b'loving this fog on my drive to school expressionless face'
b'lovin this new rock hard mattress..'
b'imposter! i was hoping you were fluent. i was gon ask you to make me a soothing sounds sleep tape in spanish sayin sexy shit! face with tears of joy'
b'low key glad my phone broke so i do not have to deal with ya bitch ass'
b'lowkey love love love getting yelled at smiling face with smiling eyes i know you care.'
b'low key scared to start school cause i fucking hate school lol'
b'fuck yeah right that is so jam i be blasting it every time it comes on'
b"well you're friendly this morning..."
b"hey y'all! we teach sushi classes on campus & would love to come to baton rouge. see website 4 info"
b'ha it was hilarious. she normally hates getting wet but was a good way to cool her down.'
b'lucky me'
b'lucky. when i am not dealing with her i am stuck babysitting all night.'
b"i was telling sis that i do not wanna go to aunty dees anymore cause i'll be stuck babysitting by myself since you ain't coming weary face"
b'your legs are better looking than my entire body. not fair flushed face heavy black heart'
b'i am sorry but if your diesel is knocking there is something wrong.'
b"it's raining in ireland again, surprise surprise"
b"luna's like a futuristic version of the third reich. now that would make an interesting paper. too bad i do not study literature anymore."
b': i fuck wit anyone who fucks wit me " rt everybody doe'
b"you are correct. twitter is my venting medium. it's also my license to ill without repercussions. idgaff what i say here"
b'luv waking up early to go to doctors offices'
b'luv walkin up 20 flights of stairs just 2 get 2 work..'
b'lying bitches are my fave'
b'i am utterly lost with that line up tonight! nice to see we have width at last'
b'no me neither tasty xx'
b'must suck working on the weekend'
b'love going to bed like this smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'but have a great day doing nothing with your life face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss face throwing a kiss'
b'the weekend i am moving it would rain loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'music is everything to me and theres nothing like being at a live show. when i was younger i dreamed of being up on the stage'
b'i was born in vegas smile'
b'how can you give wikileaks a voice when you can not proof that they are telling the truth, it could be all lies'
b'if trump is a non issue and can not possibly win why do you cover him every night? because your scared or making money of his name.'
b'i hear they are excellent farmers. obama 4 more years'
b"madea is funny too me. what's so ever weary face"
b"made fun of james for burning himself & not even 5mins later i burnt the shit out of my finger... karma's a bitch lol"
b'i am glad you look out for me (aka try and make me cry because your a little bitch )'
b'i can not watch it yet cuz im in class but that baby wipe jellybean was fantastic'
b"made my parents sit down and watch my snails with me for a half hour before they went to sleep and i think they've concluded i am nuts"
b'made with love by our life skills classes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'shout out to the sweetest girl i know! hahahaha'
b'enjoy not listening to anything else for about 3 years'
b'is annoying she think she knows my lyfe'
b"that's really beautiful it made me cry a bit..."
b'yess! i can not wait to babysit them \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f if you let me face with tears of joy'
b'and i made snapchats of us pretending to drink the alcohol emojis at the same time'
b'dark sky paradise and dwmtm are both good albums. probably top 5 this year'
b"ever think that might offensive to people in other countries! stop throwing this in people's faces. not at the olympics \xf0\x9f\x91\x8e\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc"
b'if he is a leftie it will be some kind of art etc etc if it le pen supporter oh dear only gulitine will suffice?'
b'i wrote that before i read it.. i am getting good at this guessing who done it thing'
b'major thanks to the spurs fan who pulled me out of the middle of a crowd of west ham fans at work when the police fucked up today'
b'kill bill with kindness'
b"make any conversation awkward by pulling out and starting a stopwatch without saying why you're doing it."
b'make a random stranger\'s day by walking up to them and saying " this isn\'t real. you have to wake up "'
b'make crying fun by pretending your tears are two friends racing each other down a water slide.'
b"make fun of kim kardashian's name choice for north west if you want, but that baby is going straight to the top. and slightly to the left."
b'make it rain " is the only appropriate reply when you are asked if you want one more tuborg.'
b'if ya say so smile'
b'makes it hard to talk to anyone and make new friends... i have like, 4 and three of them hate each other... so good for awkward conflicts'
b'makes my day so much better to problems again for almost 6th day in a row'
b'make sure you do not get caught out in the rain with this gear available in store.'
b'make sure you fuck my pussy good'
b'make sure your speakers are on... :'
b'make sure you take a really long time to text me back.'
b'makeup is annoying and so are bras, hair brushes, and clothes just being a girl is annoying im 2 lazy 4 this'
b"making a joke in front of a ton of people and having them all crack up is one of the most beautiful feelings you'll ever feel do not deny"
b'making dinner will definitely feel fun'
b"making faces to a random baby when their parents aren't looking. retweet if you have ever done this."
b'making friends solely based on our shared interest in sarcasm. basically going to be best friends.'
b'making fun of people makes you look so cool'
b"making legal money isn't as fun as hella blood money and having extra to spend"
b'making muffins to release my frustration'
b'making posts bot me... awww. n bed hoping? me? one year ive been with antonio and darryl. im not ashamed! shit both was the shit lol'
b'making progress with this research paper!'
b'making someone smile is probably one of the best feelings.'
b'making such good use of my time off this morning.'
b'making typos in tweets is sooo great'
b'making up a whole story in your head, and hoping one day it will actually happen.'
b"making weird faces in pictures because it's better to look ugly on purpose"
b'oh man nobody has ever told me that, that was good. person with pouting face'
b'yes i love being dead my whole shift smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'managed to finagle my schedule next semester to have only 1 class mon/weds at 1245 & no classes again on fridays loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'someone is remembering you smile'
b"i know that silly, but it's nothing like whatever they have in texas lol."
b'i do not understand why ppl can not leave each other alone. i love a good argument but if my'
b"man flu'd out ma nut! long week and working the weekend. cant wait but to be fair i may be part of an"
b'man fuck that we both gettin wet we in this shit together the pussy had to be good for bro to do this'
b"it is tbh and i love the band teacher honestly he's great and i am getting credits for doing nothing like?!?!?"
b'man hell no! she look like a wet cat on purpose all the time bonnie another frank i thought she was the good one'
b'man i just love being second choice 24/7'
b"man i knew i shouldn't have started marcus mariota in 1 of my leagues... i was hoping these 2 shit teams would have a fkn shootout"
b'man i look good on snapchat'
b'man i love arguments'
b'man i love being able to not fall asleep'
b'man i love being second choice all the damn time!'
b'man i love english...'
b'man, i love halloween. i can get free candy without going into a van!'
b'man i love it when people do not reply to my snapchats'
b'man, i love katie. if one of us goes down, we both go down.'
b'man i love not working on fridays'
b'man i love school'
b'man i love scpa, good luck to both juniors and seniors tomorrow! my love goes to both classes smile'
b'man i really love how smoky it is today \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b'man i seriously love coming home from work thursdays and catching up on'
b'man i swear i suck on being sweet'
b'man my dad just pulled the gayest shit ever'
b'mannn i sure know how to pick em lol'
b'man oh man i love geometry'
b'man, robinson cano could be the laziest mvp ever'
b'man, school work and extracurricular activities mix together so well! smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'man sleeping in is such a chore'
b'the vips but the culture'
b'man, the disappointment of going to one of your favorite stores during a big sale and leaving with nada. sleepy face'
b"manwich mondays numbers have exploded over the last month. we have gone from 8 -10 to 50 -55! it's great working"
b'many people are shocked when they find out i am not a licensed electrician.'
b'marching band should be fun today.'
b'but remember bro " italian football is getting worse every year "...'
b'richard stilgoe once asked me for my autograph. " for his wife " ( )'
b'cough how dare you put cimorelli in your try not to cringe video cough im unstanning'
b'if i can see through the water then i am both but if i can not then i am a pool person'
b'you have to listen to this! i know you love this song...'
b'face with tears of joy i mean, i could try but i only do well when i am upset!'
b'whats it like not to have any worries??to refuse when you have more than you will ever need...'
b'your high off geometry problemsssss cuz you love hawks'
b'nope, hoping for a new direction national'
b'great cover of cover of lead belly\'s " where did you sleep last night? " where\'d you sleep last night?'
b'mario is definitely homeless. he wakes up every day wearing the same clothes, runs around in sewers, beats up people for their money'
b'wish i was there right now'
b"maurice is hurting he's dumb excited face with tears of joy"
b'arguments that first coin toss should count, others arguing for a second and some for best of three!'
b': lovely hair " it\'s a brazilian blow dry'
b'you were my favorite to win it all sad you are so talented! every disappointment is a blessing!'
b'throwing everything at the wall and seeing if anything sticks.'
b'mark your calendar for this fantastic event with a dynamic speaker.'
b'i have to finish my whole notebook this weekend because i suck at life face with tears of joy so bummed right now about to get my ass to work pensive face face with tears of joy'
b'marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.'
b'marriage is just texting each other, " do we need anything from the grocery store? " a bunch of times till one of you dies.'
b'marriage is kinda weird though because it\'s like \xe2\x80\x98i love you, lets get the law involved so you can not leave "'
b'marriage is like a public toilet. those waiting outside are desperate to get in. those inside are desperate to get out'
b'marriage is like the ikea of relationships. easy to walk into, confusing to piece together and difficult to exit.'
b'marriage is not always the answer lol -for -everyone'
b'marriage is something you should pay for and divorce should be free. you might think twice before buying into it.'
b"marriage teaches you forgiveness, compromise and tons of other things you would not need if you'd stayed single"
b'marry someone who has a different favorite cereal than you so they wont eat all of urs'
b'marty is being a bitch about coming to albany this weekend like suck it up i just want to see just for 5 minutes'
b'you can never over expose a sport i am sure the bdo players would give their right arm to have as much tv exposure'
b'im so sorry, that is a great loss. wait sike it was such a bad class ((rather than the selfie stick )) your very lucky'
b'oh blood tests are no fun :-/'
b'mary poppins was just called mary before she got into breakdancing.'
b'i love her so much. i miss her when i go to my classes.'
b"great she'll use a magic wand to wish isis away a la harry potter."
b'math exam tomorrow yay.! im so excited'
b'math = mental abuse to humans.'
b'math problem : a smalltown girl boards a train leaving south detroit at midnight. if she does not stop believing, how long is her journey?'
b'maths is on.'
b'math : the only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one wonders why.'
b'the best part of spectre was when am + q c but that was way more algebra than i expected to do after high school.'
b'nike is real credible when it comes to children.'
b'i hope you are not getting the cough i have coughed all day long/ can " t wait until tonite///'
b'sweet snapchats'
b'max why are you always so and to me all i want is'
b"max is a fucking dickhead now, his mom's a retarded fuck and elizabeth is meeting laurie wow this show is getting better unamused face"
b'hi matt, may i use your burnt turkey image for a fun giveaway i am doing around thanksgiving fails?'
b'said no girl ever'
b'i would love to not fall asleep before fatal frame streams lol. did you finish the game yet?'
b'maybe if i changed my name to \xe0\xa4\x9f\xe0\xa4\xae\xe0\xa4\xbe\xe0\xa4\x9f\xe0\xa4\xb0 or \xe0\xa4\xb2\xe0\xa5\x8c\xe0\xa4\x95\xe0\xa5\x80 my parents would spend money on me.'
b'maybe if i stop getting my hopes up ill quit being disappointed'
b'maybe if i tilt my head to the side i can understand english - dogs'
b'maybe if school did not start 7am i would not be late everyday idk'
b'maybe if we all sit extremely still, monday will not be able to see us.'
b"maybe i'll finally sleep tonight!"
b'maybe i need jesus okok thats a lil far'
b'maybe i should just quit school and be a truck driver... heard a pretty convincing ad on pandora today'
b"maybe it's sadism, maybe it's the new gear, but in sideways rain this last few days has been really enjoyable"
b"maybe just maybe i'll be able to sleep tonight sleeping face"
b"maybe nobody likes you because you're a bitch"
b"maybe she's born with it. nah yanno what i think that's an instagram filter..."
b'maybe some miracle will happen and school will get cancelled then i will not have to work!'
b'maybe the doctors tomorrow will give me inspiration for my composition gotta love the life of been a music student face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x8e\xb9\xf0\x9f\x8e\xba'
b"maybe the meaning of love is just having someone that's willing to put up with your bullshit all the time"
b'maybe the new u2 album apple is forcing on us will be on ios8 face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"maybe these hospitals in austin, tx aren't contacting me because they're speechless by my resume & not because i live in md."
b'maybe this will keep people out of my office!'
b'may be time to get in shape. halfway up this flight of stairs and i am considering setting up base camp and trying again in the morning.'
b'maybe you should eat makeup so you will be pretty on the inside too.'
b'may i have your attention please ok thank you some attention is all i wanted'
b'may this bring joy, health and wealth to you and your dear once. gift your love ones now from our store.'
b"may your daily meltdown be less public, drug-addled, and cartoonishly insane than amanda bynes's."
b'may your monday be as swift and merciful as an execution.'
b"maybe if ya did not bitch and roll ur eyes so much ya could've won face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"mcdonald's should have a 3rd window, where you can trade in all the wrong shit they gave you at the second window."
b'i have the best algebra 2 teacher in the world smiling face with smiling eyes 1st place out of 23 smirking face'
b"mdconald's does actually serve breakfast after 10:30 if you bring a gun"
b'me : *about to cry* friend : are you ok? me : of course i am! im 100% fine wow how about you? if you need anyone to talk to, im here for you!'
b'me : *accidentally thinks about something awkward i did three years ago. me : *no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no.. no noo'
b'me : *acts out fake arguments in the shower just in case someone wants to start shit with me in the future *'
b'me : actually reads and takes great notes on the one chapter we do not have a test on in apush me : dies internally'
b"*me after a haircut* me : i love it! me : it's different me : it's not that bad me : omg why! me : where is my hair? me : they cut off too much!"
b'me after i am done ignoring someone : hey, sorry, i just got your text'
b'me after just cleaning my room : wow i am never letting my room get messy again! the next day : has anyone seen my bed.'
b'me and someday when we broke and need a job loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'me and are picking up the spanish language \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xf0\x9f\x87\xaa\xf0\x9f\x87\xb8'
b'me and some other people outside our algebra class just had a heart to heart and then wished each other the best of luck on this exam.'
b'me and steven both get off at 12am and come home to no food. we need to fix this lol'
b"me a nerd? ha no, i am just making sure i do not end up working at mcdonald's with you in the future."
b'mean girls will always be the most quotable movie of all time'
b'me & are okay! just a little argument face with tears of joy face throwing a kiss but i still love her'
b'meanwhile it is 2:40am, raining, and i am outside because the fire alarm went off.'
b'me as a girlfriend : " feed me " " pay attention to me " " love me " " why do you hate me "'
b'me asking if you want anything from starbucks is my way of telling you i am going to be very, very late'
b'me at school : can you stop talking because i do not care.'
b'me at school : " i\'ll work on this at home. " me at home : " i\'ll work on this at school. "'
b'me at school : no really i am smart, i just do not feel like doing this'
b'me + bed = best couple ever.'
b"me being pee shy is so bad that i literally couldn't go until the bitch left the bathroom."
b'me being rude : shut the f *ck up. me being polite : please shut the f *ck up.'
b'me : better check my phone for texts from friends me : *checks phone* me : better get some friends'
b'me : breathes. mom : i am sick and tired of your attitude'
b'me : " can i go to the bathroom? " teacher : " what for? " me : " to open the chamber of secrets. "'
b'me : *does 1 out of the 10 things i need to do* me : wow i am really on top of things, i am gonna treat myself and take a 10 hour break'
b'me : *does nothing all day* me : " i am so tired "'
b'me : does nothing for five days me : today is a " me " day i deserve it i need to relax'
b"me : do i look crusty? sister : yeah me : wtf nae you're supposed to lie to me expressionless face face with tears of joy"
b'me : " do you know how to do vertical and horizontal stretches in algebra? " tom : " no. i literally thought you meant actual stretching. "'
b'me : *drops phone* headphones : i got you bro'
b"me : *eats something unhealthy* also me : if i drink a lot of water it'll be ok"
b'meeting someone with the same music taste is seriously the best thing ever'
b"meeting your friend's bf for the 1st time like hello i am the coauthor of all the text messengers you received. we should get along fine"
b'meet our fucking lovely first lady!'
b'me every morning : do not wake me up up up up up up do not wake me up up up up up up do not me up up up up up up do not wake me up do not wake me.'
b'me every second of everyday : " i am hungry. "'
b"me flirting : if you were a cheeto you'd be a hot cheeto"
b'me flirting : i hate a lot of people but i do not hate you'
b'me : " fuck yeah we have a substitute teacher! sub : " shut the fuck up and sit down! " me : " oh shit... "'
b'hahahaha i need to calm down sure smile'
b"our upstairs neighbors are elephants galore... it's rough"
b'lol i have a reputation to keep up face with tears of joy'
b'mega shark vs giant octopus. how did this film not win an oscar'
b'me getting dressed before school :i sit down for 20 minutes without a shirt on thinking about the reasons i hate school'
b'love that the high prairie tourism commissioner claims that the only reason ppl visit east coast is to hear our accents!'
b'me, going for a long car ride : yes i can listen to so much music'
b"me : goodnight moon smile moon : should've been saying goodnight 5 hours ago its 4am asshole get your life together"
b"you're too good omg i love being yelled at i yell at everyone else too i am glad i have a yellfriend now you're too cute omggg"
b'has a heart for now but was crucifying the woman when asking questions'
b'i\xe2\x80\x99m really disappointed in you. i used to love watching you. now you\xe2\x80\x99re an ugly person with a ugly attitude. ugly inside and out'
b'no worries a white person will soon occupy the white house racist " &)(,!'
b'watching cnn attempt to discredit trump is becoming hilarious as their attacks are so so foolish, illogical, and irrelevant'
b'what russians? knew brazile gave the info to the crook!! if it was that did this the world would be over'
b'me : *hears laughing from 49262 miles away* me : i know theyre laughing at me i just know it'
b"me : hey dude i banged your mom friend : dude my moms dead. me : hmm, that explains why she wasn't moving so much."
b'me : hey. in my mind : omg did i really just send that, what if i am annoying them, i really should stop, they hate me, omg i am so embarrassed'
b'me : hey i was wondering if you wanna go out sometime crush : no me : wtf omg sorry that was my cat running across the keyboard omg!'
b'me : hey miley guess what? miley : what? me : chicken butt'
b"me : hi crush : hi me : i am sorry. i know i said hi, but i wasn't really prepared for any follow-up conversation."
b"me : how much is this poster of this sexy man? sales clerk : that's a mirror, sir."
b'me : hush little laptop dont you cry mommas gonna find you some more wifi'
b'me : i am actually so happy with my life right now for once. life : lol, hold on.'
b'me : i can not eat anymore, i am full. food : eat me. me : ok.'
b'me : i do not even care. i am not going to talk about this anymore... me : and you know what else? [2000 word rant ]'
b'me : *ignores messages from 50 people* me : *sulks about the one person who will not message me back *'
b'me : i hate her person : me too this is how friendship starts guys'
b"me : i have no filter. friend : you really don't, you did not have to call me a dumbass earlier. me : i mean i have no coffee filter, dumb"
b'me : i have not taken a photo of me in awhile*takes photo* me : oh thats why'
b"me : i have to eat healthier me : *eats 7 pizza slices* me : i'll start tomorrow"
b'me : " i have to tell you this story about - " *starts laughing* *deep breath* " ok, there was this... " *starts laughing *'
b'me : i just did 5 squats why am i still fat'
b'me : i just got stabbed i am bleeding everywhere call an ambulance guy : awh sad that sucks! i wish i could be there to cuddle with you'
b'me : i like that... me : *looks at price tag*... me : i do not like that anymore.'
b'me : " i love u. " her : " awww really? " me : " yeah, it\'s my favorite vowel. "'
b'me : i am actually so happy right now. life : lol oh hold on just one minute.'
b'me : i am finally happy life : lol no just wait'
b'me : i am going to be healthy breakfast : fruit lunch : sandwich dinner : salad midnight snack : large pizza, mac & cheese, a gallon of ice cream'
b'me : i am gonna lose weight. me : i am gonna exercise every day. me : i am gonna go on a diet and stick to it. me : is that cake?'
b'me : im happy*thinks about life for 3. 5 seconds* me : im sad'
b'me : i am just going to rest my eyes for 5 minutes me : wakes up may 22, 2098'
b'me : i am so lonely person : hey me : leave me alone'
b'me in class : i actually get this me doing homework : what the fuck me taking the quiz : what the fuck me taking the test : what the fuck'
b"me in class : i'll finish this at home me at home : i'll finish this in class"
b"me : i need to get an a on this test me : *doesn't study *"
b"me in my head : i am tired. classmate : there's a band playing at the blues cafe after class tonight. musical note me : good i am not tired!"
b'me in pe : me : oh, there goes the ball. me : along with all the fucks i give'
b'me in ten years : " hey do you still like me, idk ur just being quiet " my husband : " babe im sleeping "'
b'because we have a chance at the league...'
b'me : i should get in the shower *2 hours later someone else starts the shower* me : omg fuck you i was just about to get in there'
b'me : is mad at you but still wants attention from you'
b'me : i swear this week can not get any worse! life : this human issued a challenge. we accept!'
b'me : it wont bother me. me : *lies down* me : it actually really bothers me. a lot. so i am gonna think about it all night instead of sleeping.'
b"me : i want a girl who's as good an internet pirate as me. me : *stays single forever *"
b'me : i want to lose weight me : i want skinny legs me : i want a flat stomach me : i want to be thin me : *sees mcdonalds* me : yolo'
b"me : i will not get jealous me : who's this fucking whore"
b'me : kill em with kindness! share the love! all they want is a reaction! me, 2 hours later : sass those hoes! tell them you do not need em!'
b'i am sure you must have some wonderful qualities but sadly nobody seems to like or trust you'
b'first not getting back with spice girls was bad but now this i am in utter shock \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xe2\x80\xa6'
b"me : *laughs* parents : what's so funny what's going on who are you talking to can i see what's the joke what are you trying to hide from"
b"me : let's start this homework *four hours later* me : let's start this homework"
b'me liking your selfie could either mean " that\'s a nice picture friend " or " i want to bend you over a table " but you\'ll never know'
b'me looking at old pictures : " why? " me looking at old haircut : " why? " me looking at old clothes : " why? " me looking at old crush : " why? "'
b'me : *looks at phone for 10 seconds* adult : woah gee golly you cant go 10 minutes without digging your head in your phone cant you'
b'me love so much a lesbian oh just a fan'
b'me : maybe ill look good today face : no hair : no body : no'
b'me : maybe my chocolate allergy is fake me : *eats a chocolate* me : *is covered in hives *'
b'me : megan when do you think you will get a boyfriend? megan : mmm i am hoping college! hit her up boys'
b'me : mom... dad.. i decided to live on my own from now on. them : okay, me : your shits outside.'
b'me : mom do you want me to help you? mom : no me : ok. mom : mom : mom : mom : mom : " when i die. then you will realize "'
b"me & my dad's convos are the best. unamused face"
b'me : " my feet are not cute " bf trying to be cute : " you have tiny little hobbit feet.. oh shit i fucked up " thanks babe'
b'whenever you\'re taking shit from the rest of the crew and arguing your point, i start hoping you\'ll yell " jem and the holograms! "'
b'men also have feelings for example... they can feel hungry.'
b'men and women can absolutely just be friends. after they make out to get that curiosity out of their system.'
b"men are born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. why? because there's no place like home."
b'men are like bras. some are sexy & fun. some are very supportive. others are annoying as hell and you can not wait to get rid of them every day'
b"men do you want to know what's going on in a woman's mind? imagine 3, 587 tabs open at the same time. all the time."
b'hahah that is such a funny joke oh man you kill me'
b"men like football because the priorities in football are also the biggest priorities in every man's life... scoring and ball security."
b'me : no one ever texts me. someone : hey. me : no not you.'
b'me not getting a reply from bae : go talk to ur other hoes'
b"men sleeping is just so adorable to me. idk why lol. it's like y'all finally peaceful and not doing anything dumb. i love it."
b'mentally exhausted, can not wait for the 4 day " weekend "'
b'men use love to get sex. women use sex to get love. me? i use coupons to get pizza'
b"men were born between a woman's legs and spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in them. there's no place like home."
b'me : oh what the fuck friend : what happened? me : this scenario i created in my head got intense'
b'me : okay brain, lets focus for just 45 minutes on this math test we can do this. brain : dadada banana lalalalala afro squirrel potato lala'
b"me : okay it's 7 am me : i should get up me : just five seconds me : five minutes me : five hours me : five days me : five years"
b"me : ok i'll study at 8:00 clock :8:00 me : *pretends i did not see *"
b'me on my wedding day : um so do you still like me like me'
b'me on the bus today - casually cried because i love brendon so much someone - are u. alright me - yes i. have the allergy you know'
b"me opening the fridge, 'baby you light up my world like nobody else. '"
b'me : over eats and complains about being too full also me : complains about being hungry 14 minutes later'
b'me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me me : please do not notice me person : heeyyy me : shit'
b'me : *posts picture* guy who stopped texting me : hey me : well well well look what the selfie dragged in'
b'me : *puts earphones in *me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : me : oh rightme : *plays music *'
b'if that makes you happy.'
b'omg, i did not know i was helping you procrastinate. now i feel like a horrible person'
b'me : *reading funny tweets out loud* me : *shines phone light in my dog\'s face* me : " ok good ur still up, listen to this one "'
b'ig blocked my account bc commented so many times ur pics, i followed modelsdot please stalk me and comment my pic \xe2\x9e\xa1sofisantoss'
b'on this show today'
b'right? it circled for a good half hour but then went on its merry way! too late for me to go back to sleep, of course! sad'
b"me? scared of double texting? lmao no. you aren't replying? i'll have a full on conversation with myself until you reply. enjoy catching up upside down face"
b'me : [sneeze ] walker : " uh -oh! mommy nose cough. " he did not know the word " sneeze " ; love the way their little minds process things!'
b'me : so, you like bad boys? girl : yeah. me : well, i am not trying to impress you or anything, but at walmart i enter through the exit.'
b'me : *spends all day in bed and hopes to achieve something in life *'
b'me : studies for 5 minutes me : i can not do this anymore'
b'me : *studying for 15 minutes* me : i can not do this anymore'
b'me studying : writes down 3 words checks twitter changes song gets snack sneezes contemplates life loses place in notes falls asleep'
b'metallica on a rainy and foggy day just goes together so good.'
b'i have class in the morning! can you wait till tomorrow? & i got you'
b'me tomorrow after school for thanksgiving break'
b"me too. i hope this is where we're going design wise. game needs a fun injection big time."
b'me :*trips and falls on the floor *mom : dont mess up the floor'
b'shit... thats terrible. i wish you a nice and happy day my friend'
b'me trying to do math is like me trying to lose weight, it just doesnt work out'
b'me trying to express how i feel : idk i just feel like... idk... idk... idk man. nvm i am good.'
b"can not wait to never see russ again, unless we have too take that class and he's the only prof lol"
b'me : *wakes up* me : oh man i can not wait to go to bed that is gonna be awesome'
b'me waking up : can not wait to go to sleep tonight'
b'me, walking : " pedestrians always have the right of way! " me, driving : " look out for cars, freakin idiots. "'
b'me : walks into living room tv : tonight on how its made me : stands in same spot for 30 minutes watching how garbage bags are made'
b'*me watching a movie* me :that wasn\'t that scary " tv : " based on a true story " me : " holy shit! lock the doors lock the doooors! "'
b'me when a bug touches me : this is a gated community, please get the fuck off the property'
b'me when buying something over do i need this? do i need any material objects? will this matter when i face the great abyss?'
b'me when class is over but the teacher says " oh wait i forgot to give you your homework "'
b'me - " when do you have class " bay - " uhh noon, wait no noon-thirty'
b'me whenever someone speaks : here we go again talking the same fucking bullshit'
b"me when i come home from school and there's no food"
b'me when my friends are sad : basically becomes a psychologist. my friends when im sad : ok.'
b'me when my friends are sad : *basically becomes a therapist* my friends when i am sad : " oh okay "'
b"me : why am i still single brain : you're weird as hell body : and you're fat face : plus you're ugly food : but i am here for you"
b'me with no money : i want everything... me with money : what the fuck do i buy'
b'me : *wont start episode until i have a huge plate of food* me : *finishes food before opening theme finishes *'
b'me : wow everything is going perfect for once! life : ha one sec'
b"me : wow everything's fine anxiety : you sure about that? me : wow i had not considered that"
b'me : wow i finally understand math *moves on to next question* me : what the hell is this'
b'me : wow i have so much work to do me : *goes on twitter* me : *climbs a mountain* me :*takes a nap* me : why am i not getting anything done'
b'me : wow i am actually happy right now. life : lol now hold on just one minute'
b"me : wow i really liked that song now i think i'll listen to it another seventy times in a row."
b'me : wow that exam was easy *gets a 53 *'
b'mexican word of the day : wheelchair. " me and juan only had 1 taco but that \xc2\x92\'s ok, wheelchair.'
b'mexico thank you! the shows here are always incredible! te amo! great show tonight. lots of rain and we had a great time'
b'me : yes i speak that language me : no not that part'
b'me : you look like my third wife. her : how many times have you been married?me : twice.'
b"me : you're the prettiest girl i've ever seen. her : you just want to have sex with me. me : and you're smart too, i like that."
b"mf's be having me fucked up fr, ol ' dumb ass. ion care, i am still cute though face with tears of joy victory hand"
b'my momma says your jealous cause you can not get none.'
b"mia khalifa is so fucking ugly my god if she had a little handlebar mustache and a cupcake as hair she'd be a splitting image of faze rain"
b'mia loves a selfie..'
b'basically to get your follow i have to do nothing? oh gordon clifford'
b'im going to puke im so in love'
b'me either face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': working short so i am doing two assignments and here till 11 then have homework due at midnight face with tears of joy'
b'oh yaaaa our classes are beside each other on fridays right!'
b'got to be a great tweet if they delete it'
b'michael jordan : i once made a free throw with my eyes closed. yao ming : bitch please, i played my entire career with my eyes closed.'
b'yeah. idk why any girl would lie about their age to him'
b'i looove how celebs show so much tolerance and love'
b'not really. looks like fun though. if i even get one it will not be for a while'
b'well i think he talks a very independent intelligent game chats shit'
b'middle school " shut up, it was a dare! " high school " shut up, i was drunk!'
b'midterms got me thinking about the time i overdosed on adderall, fun times... expressionless face'
b'might as well live like a regular teenager after this album done, i like relaxing'
b'might be about 10 years to wait'
b'might have to get hip surgery.'
b'hey i got a new number a long time ago and lost all my contacts can you text me please?'
b'who dosent want to be invited to a foam party with a bunch of kids running around half naked...'
b'ah! of course smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes honestly love geometry'
b'and is talking i wonder if she was a sista if she would get as much praise for her aggressiveness towards the comp'
b"did not say he wasn't a role model? why listen to him now?"
b'as a combat veteran myself i feel he has his right to do whatever but we also have the right to disapprove!'
b"it's a paper cut on golic's finger from flipping the bird at the magazine article about the lady from hawaii winning 10. 7 mill"
b'and they push it upon us with their and say that this is what the people of the want!'
b'what version were you watching? he did not win. bar so low he was merely acceptable'
b'jays fan that has to say you had a fantastic season as well was a close race hats off on the class mike'
b'i love your profile pic... i am used to having milk on my face too lmao jk!'
b"miley and liam's relationship in the last song is perfect. \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5"
b'miley cyrus and liam hemsworth broke up cause its just not twerking anymore'
b'miley cyrus is just all over the internet now. people laughing everywhere lmao'
b'miley cyrus is the perfect example of someone who gives 0 fucks'
b"miley cyrus quotes the buddha. wow, isn't she a dedicated christian, just like she always says!"
b"miley's mom actually stood up for her during her performance my mom would have dragged me to church and sprayed holy water all over me"
b'million dollar idea : wifi bracelets so you can wear them and have internet connection anywhere.'
b'now, now... you are supposed to watch those kids'
b'mi madre keeps calling me burnt and making fun of me ever since the soccer tournament unamused face sun'
b'ur so cool'
b"mind : do not even say shit, just let it go, it's not worth it.. mouth : i just find it funny how"
b"mind you they do think it funny that i am threatening to sneak up on principal & pretend to kick him in arse. (he's a nice man )"
b"'minecraft ' creator on 5 billion deal : 'it's not about the money '"
b'minimalism is great for people who like doing nothing and have no money.'
b'minor assembly required'
b'mint having to wait 1hour for the new update'
b'minutes before my appointment for picking classes starts, one of the classes becomes full... so now i am stuck with an 8 am smile good'
b'follow me and see what else i do! i assure you i am not a and you may learn i am a bit smile'
b'oh my i could never do that to you! the only reason i go to that class is for our fantastic side conversations.'
b'do not worry i make that exact mistake all the timez face with tears of joy'
b'put my tweet on a video your most funniest you tuber ever and annoying at the same time \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b"i am awake and can not sleep, so i figured i'd make an early breakfast. i have about a half hour to do so. do you have any"
b".. missed a? somewhere & it's killing me to correct it. ugh, you x smile"
b'missed connection : i was me, you were any multimillionaire who feels like giving me lots of money.'
b'missed the bus and do not have my car...'
b'missing all my love ones!'
b'missing my lifetime love.'
b"missing someone is a part of loving them. if you're never apart, you'll never really know how strong your love is."
b"missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you. that you love her /3"
b'missing someone is your hearts way of reminding you that you love them. one direction'
b'missing someone who does not miss you back is probably one of the worst feelings anyone can feel.'
b'missing you here! lots of love.. do watch super interesting'
b'mission impossible? he\'s done four of them now. let\'s call it " mission pretty hard but ultimately doable "'
b"miss my team mates so much and it's only been less than a day loudly crying face it's gonna be a great weekend"
b'miss parveens class had a fantastic first visit to the library! we can not wait to go again.'
b'missing you actually, even though i sometimes think you like to be rather left alone.. would love to see ya'
b': just do not lie to me... that\'s all i ask. " yeah'
b'awesome'
b'come out and do whats right and vote for hillary. trump is a con and national embarrassment'
b'i can not donate so enjoy looking at the card. it just as good if not better.'
b'mixed signals are annoying slow replies are annoying liking people more than they like you are annoying being annoying is annoying'
b'*sighs* i was hoping eww no gross would win tbh because anxiety and shit but here'
b'i hate when i do that. then i come home hungry af and have no food. the struggle.'
b'i love being talked down to by the old " school marm "'
b"mmm i'd love to cover you in peanut butter and see how much i could lick off before my peanut allergy killed me!"
b'losing 60% of the exchange will be fine because they have those notoriously short wait times on the phone and awesome website'
b'model shares a sweet schlong.'
b'molinobongs : dream on weed or wake & bake! whatever time... - or'
b"you're still a bitch"
b'can not wait for you guys to babysit face with tears of joy'
b'mom : " all you do is sit on that computer all day! " me : " lies. i sit on the chair. "'
b'mom always gives me the worst diagnosis. like today she told me i might have strep'
b'mom : are you dating that boy you hugged him mom : are you dating that boy you were talking to him mom : are you dating that boy he looked at you'
b"mom : are you talking back to meme : yes that's how a conversation works"
b'mom : " can i see your twitter? " me : " what twitter?! " *throws laptop out window, runs to airport, moves to mexico, changes name to pepito *'
b'mom : " can i use your laptop? " me : *deletes history, logs out of every site, double check history, stands over her shoulder the whole time *'
b'mom, can i wear a dress? " " no " " mom can i wear makeup? " " no " " mom, can i have a boyfriend? " " no " " but mom, i am 18! " " i know kevin, i know.'
b'mom : clean ur room me : ha unfollowed and blocked'
b'mom : clean your room, family is coming over. oh i am sorry, i did not realize the gathering would be held in my bedroom.'
b"mom : come down it's dinner time me : in a few minutes mom :now! me : ok *downstairs* me : where's dinner? mom : it will be ready in 10 minutes!"
b'mom : did you get home safe? me : no i died a few times'
b'mom : do the dishes me : i can not i am ugly'
b"moment of silence to all the kids who can not wait to become a teenager because they think it's fun"
b'mom gives birth to identical twins, then doctors realize the stunning truth!'
b"mom : how are your grades this semester? me :mom :me : mother what's important is that we have our health"
b'mom i cant find it, " " if i go up there and find it your dead " " found it!'
b'mom said that the pizza would match my face lol'
b'moms should not be in boys hockey rooms... my job'
b'moms who have said " i\'ll be nothing like my mother when i have kids. "... how\'s it going?'
b'mom : the best things in life are free. concert tickets : lol merch : lol food : lol internet : lol car : lol starbucks : lol pizza : lol'
b'mom : " the spider is more scared of you than you are of it! " me : are you fuckin sure?'
b'mom : what are you going to do when school starts back? me : die'
b'mom : " what ever happened to _____? you used to be best friends! " me : " fuck that bitch. "'
b'mom : where did you hide the nutella? me : i am nutelling you.'
b'mom : " why is everything on the floor?! " me : " gravity, mom. "'
b'mom : why is there a hispanic man climbing our balcony me : he is my romeo & i am his juliet mom : (. _. ) me : i am just kidding call the cops'
b"mom : why is your room always so messy? me : so that if someone comes in and tries to kill me, they'll trip over something and die."
b'mom : " you need to clean your bedroom. we\'re having guests over for dinner tonight. " me : " oh, sorry. i did not realize dinner is in my room. "'
b'monday funday'
b'monday is going to be busy writing up all the great ideas from the'
b'| cycling in the rain : how to survive it |'
b"did you wake up well-rested today? here are 8 ways to make sure you'll get the sleep you need!"
b"mondays are a bazillion times better when you're sick."
b"mondays are god's punishment for what we did on the weekend."
b'monday tests fearful face literally me today'
b'monday > tuesday'
b'money can buy me happiness its called food'
b"money can not buy happiness but it can buy puppies and that's very close to happiness."
b'money cant buy happiness " i think you\'re using money wrong'
b'money can not buy you happiness.. but i much rather cry in a mansion. \xc2\xaf\\(\xe3\x83\x84 )/\xc2\xaf'
b"money does not buy happiness... but i'd rather cry in a ferrari than on my bike."
b"money does not buy happiness? well it buys a jet ski. have you ever seen a sad person on a jet ski? it's impossible to be sad on a jet ski."
b'money is how capitalism decides things, but it is completely unnecessary and actually a major hindrance'
b"money not buying you happiness? wire it into my account and i'll send you pictures of how happy it makes me. problem solved."
b'money will not make you happy " yeah, financial stability is just horrible'
b'mono is so fun. you should all try it. tired face'
b"monsters inc 2 coming out this year, move out of the way kids, i've been waiting 10 fucking years for this shit!"
b"i love the work you are doing for amir, but wish you'd stop the payday loan ads."
b"more i read more i think they're a bunch of embarrassing hood rat boy scouts. my expert analysis of is, isil, isis"
b'more overtime at work today face with tears of joy kinda messed the orders up last week face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'more rain, so another 35 mins on the cycling around in the shed - i gave it some welly.'
b'more soggy weather provided by a cold front moving in by the holiday weekend. tropical moisture extends the rain'
b'more than a half of this year has passed, you must be well build and optimistic by now.'
b'yay, so better than high school? and senior year is harder than i expected smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"that's why you shouldn't drive without a license"
b"morning classes are my favesiessssss good thing there's a french kid in my class to entertain me"
b'morning hospital trips are my favorite'
b'you know that guy joe is abt to tell a fat lie when he prefaces his sentence by " people tell me " yeah right. gtfoh'
b'morning my mmddddlct \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f lovely rain awesome workout have a great sunday. enjoy rain nd pls be careful on roads'
b'morning people. roadtrip today. unfortunately that means sitting in the car with my family for 3 or 4 hours. good'
b'morning shift is always the best tired!'
b'mornings = laziness afternoon = dying for a rest night = can not sleep'
b'most kids - i like to drink and smoke weed. me - when its cold out i like to breathe heavily and pretend i am a dragon.'
b'most of my mornings consist of me trying to avoid any human interaction.'
b'most people do not notice what you do until you stop doing it.'
b'most people say that " love is magic " just remember : magic is an illusion'
b'most people want a perfect relationship... i just want a burget that looks like the ones in commercials.'
b'most productive english class ever face with tears of joy'
b'most successful hockey twitter account " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"mother's day is so challenging. what to get someone who gave you her entire world?"
b'mothers to ask people on facebook to take their kid is real classy...'
b"quote of the week there's nothing like to keep you warm"
b'mouthy bitches piss me off. thanks for waking everyone up'
b'not really they just like held it and posted the pic but all the making fun is just kimmel'
b'movies? or studying? such a hard decision face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': college algebra for 2 hrs turn up " schombezzy is trill doe. tell my homie i said yo'
b'my two-cat, sit on your head alarm clock woke me at 6. 45 as normal, thank you!'
b'lol. i was doing my homework and i was looking for my bookbag but i found it.'
b'mr joseph thoroughly explained and taught us everything for this quiz tomorrow'
b'mr kaiser : " alright this movie took a week to complete wasn\'t it great oh by the way you have a vocab test tomorrow lol "'
b'mr mathew we do not have enough assignments for the next month... please assign more unamused face'
b'mr nice guy " s wife was not on the field & interjected herself. threatening me? something wrong there. done with this post'
b'mr rahman - we are ready for level 8 work in maths! fantastic request from yr9 class!'
b'gyujin is so cute tbh he looks like a dumb but no'
b'yeah that would suck for all the people that got in for the weekend'
b'but yall know how i love jerks face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"mr. you'll know know has a mum who knows how to piss me off, thanks for a shit start to the day lass!"
b': iphone or not "'
b'ha yeah blasting windows down'
b"hahahahahaha yes sa 'eed, cos you're the only person i ever think about"
b'amazing how scarborough has to remind us all every morning just how smart he is. he is the smartest ever besides trump. what garbage.'
b'you are literally advertising fox news every hour. how can you show that? just quote him and move on! hillary gave a press conference'
b'i am gonna ignore the'
b"we're offering sushi classes on campus 4 up to 50. more info on our website. we'd love 2 come 2 starkville!"
b'mta can suck a horse dick for this weekend bullshit son expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b"i literally have no idea what's happening for freshers."
b"5 seconds of summer despite of everything that's bullshit in this fandom or bad rumors about the boys. i look at the bright side."
b'5 seconds of summer we love them -ignore you dont -retweet you love them -ignore you dont'
b'some lady was on her phone and did not brake in time! angry face'
b'y are you not doing shows. or in random transmition. reply if you dont mind meri tweet safeguard se dhuli v h. contagious smile'
b'much love for ya would not want to talk to anyone else while doing my homework'
b'much love'
b'night not be getting mine for 21 days. impressed'
b'multiplayer is a lot like pool. 2/3 beers everything goes down no problem. 7/8 nothing hits home for love nor money!'
b"mum can not say i do not do anything round house when i am home alone, i've done 2 sets of washing up & now clothes."
b'mummm i am not tired i am not sleeping me shut up light out literally a minute later snoring can be heard'
b'oh yeah i do that kind of dinner every night'
b'nothing like a winters night and a wine hamper in front the fire!'
b'guns n \' roses sealed perfect " live like a suicide " original album -superb copy'
b'music helps reduce anxiety, as well as helps the mind and body cope with stress'
b"music is waaaay better when it's loud."
b"music music music and more music \xf0\x9f\x8f\xbdcan't live without out it."
b'music teacher : " what\'s your favorite musical instrument? " fat kid : " the lunch bell.'
b'music videos (average run time 3. 56 mins ) that start with director/artist credits really do need to get over themselves thriller, durp'
b'music was a good idea thank you humans who made music a thing'
b'at least. twitter is sooo helpful unfollowing people for me. then they are like wth? grrr'
b'must be lonely over there on " i am offended by jokes " island.'
b'must be raining.. my eyes are watering and the wormy fans of a 2 -8 team crowd the sidewalks, excited over nothing'
b'my 16 year old cousin has the saddest facial hair. it looks like he ate something sticky and then rolled on the cat.'
b'my 2017 resolution is to stop thinking so much about the future.'
b'nobody is silencing you. there is which is literally made to give women and minorities a voice for themselves'
b'my 2years old has made a new language up lol she finds it so funny right'
b'my 5 year old can work twitter better then me...'
b'my adrenaline is going wild and i have no appetite'
b'my alarm clock today : my parents fighting. thank you guys, i did not know if i was gonna be up to take a shower or not'
b'my algebra prof is seriously the best, may god bless your kind soul my friend loudly crying face'
b'my algebra teacher is the best'
b"my algebra teacher is the damn best teacher i've ever had"
b'my algebra teacher said that i have the best hand writing for the class of 2019! lol'
b'my algebra teacher told me that my only best friend was a fraction.'
b'my allergies plus my lack of sleep last night are going to make for a great day today!'
b'my all time favorite pic'
b'my anatomy teacher decided that its the first day so lets stay in class for the entire 4 hours... awesome'
b"my argument isn't that there is no gun problem in america. it's that it's a minority problem more than anything though."
b'my arms covered in hives id like to give a shoutout to my man neville'
b'my attempt to look good today failed bc i just want to go home and sleep'
b'my attempt to realign my sleep schedule, after working nights for the last week, has failed. went to sleep around'
b'my attempt to sleep in was a fail.'
b'my attitude in exams. they give me questions which i do not know. so.. i give them answers which they do not know.'
b"my aunty pretty good pussy.. isn't wet yet... anyone wanna try"
b'my back feels fantastic.'
b'my band is so indie we do not even record together. you have to buy 4 separate cds and play them at the same time.'
b"my bank is the worst. they're charging me money for not having enough money in my account. apparently, i can not even afford to be broke."
b'my bed has no frame and sits directly on the floor because under-bed monsters are just one less thing i have to worry about now.'
b'my bed is my best friend.'
b'my bed likes me. it does not let me go in the morning.'
b"my bedroom is perfect for a one night stand, but there's no room for two night stands."
b'my best friend and his wife are arguing and i am just sitting here casually drinking my beer.'
b'my bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions.'
b'my best friend got switched out of my last class so i am basically gonna fail algebra 1 because she helped me with the work and idk this face without mouth'
b'my best friend has just rang me to say that his son, jack frodo, has got a place at the school we went to. good'
b'my best friend is an aunt again ahhhhh and im a step aunt ahhhhh so happy for you can not wait to babysit'
b"my bestfriend isn't allowed to stop being my bestfriend, the bitch knows too much"
b'my best friend misses me so much'
b'my best friends are crazy but who cares they make me happy and i love them for it.'
b'my best talent is playing ode to joy on the recorder from elementary school smirking face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my bf do not need girl friends i am his best friend face with stuck out tongue i have 60 personalities anyways face with tears of joy chose what friend you want today baby'
b"my bfffs are da ' best. unamused face"
b"my bf is so scared of snakes he just ripped his bathroom door off it's hinges trying to run away from it..."
b'my biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.'
b'my biggest problem is that : i give people chance... after chance... after chance... after chance... after chance... after chance'
b'my birthday is being celebrated by sitting around a doing nothing... also going to a biology lab... good me'
b'my birthday is the first week of next month so hell yeah i am blasting christmas music already \xf0\x9f\x8e\x99\xe2\x98\x83\xe2\x98\x83\xe2\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84\xf0\x9f\x8e\x84'
b"my birthday is this weekend and it's supposed to rain. loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"my birthday monday just lettin y'all know just incase somebody wanna do something for me or get me a present lol"
b'my birthday weekend is actually gonna suck ://'
b'my birthday weekend is gonna suck.. i can already feel it'
b"my blood pressure is 120 over 69. it's apparently having a lot more fun than the rest of me."
b'my body is covered in hives due to the lad eating peanuts behind me.'
b'my body is ready for a day off, been working since last tuesday. just have to make it through tomorrow.'
b'my body so sore, im not even gonna attempt to come to school on time tomorrow i deserve a couple more hrs of sleep'
b'my body will remain unadorned until the very instant they have the technology to give me a tattoo of a. gif'
b'my boss sent me home today. apparently, " the later i get here, the quicker this ends " isn\'t the right answer for " why are you late? "'
b'my boss wants me to keep my headphones volume low enough to hear my work phone ring and stay awake at my desk like some kind of wizard.'
b'my boss yelled at me for smiling at a little girl today i love being a slave for corporate america'
b"my boyfriend could be dead broke that does not bother me. what's gonna bother me is if he does not have dreams to change his situation"
b'my boyfriend will not let me " well maybe if you like clean your room and ask again he\'ll say yes?'
b'my brain has too many tabs open'
b'my brother and i got stuck babysitting my cousins 6 kids and we just fell asleep while they played'
b'my brother bought me food today i should have known i was going to be stuck babysitting my niece tonight loudly crying face'
b'my brother gets to sleep in an extra half hour every morning and i do not think re realizes how lucky he is rn'
b'my brother legit just hit me in the face with my phone and now my lip is swollen af..'
b'my brothers football coach is the biggest dummy. he literally knows nothing about football...'
b"my brother thinks he's cool face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ha face savouring delicious food"
b'my brtv class killed our last mobile bittersweet ending to my long day! smiling face with smiling eyes can not wait for next semesters mobiles!'
b'yeah you lie too'
b"my ceiling fan has 3 speeds :1) barely moving. 2) kinda feels like it's working. 3) is going to fly off the ceiling and kill someone."
b'my classes next semester does not start until 11:30 and still have no classes on fridays. smirking face'
b'my computer likes to randomly install updates while i am trying to do my online class expressionless face'
b'my computers professor just sent me an email yesterday telling me i was doing great in the class and gave me kudos & i just failed his exam'
b'my conscious never stops me from doing anything. it just stops me from enjoying it.'
b'my course is literally 90% self taught. 4 hours of lectures a week is an absolute joke'
b'my cousins are playing black ops 3 and blasting fall out boy yeah'
b'my coworker just used the phrases " you know what i am saying? " & " you feel me? " a total of 23 times in 5 minutes. would the jury convict me?'
b"my coworkers are looking at me like they've never seen anyone tailgate before work."
b'my daddy think he is saving power by taking a shower with the light off neutral face'
b"my dad gave me in cash to pay bills with, but he's taking my car tomorrow so i can not go to the bank on my lunch break. dad."
b'my dad gets to babysit his blind workers service dog in december and i absolutely can not wait. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my dad hated my math teacher in high school and i am filled with joy'
b"my dad is gonna make me late for my physical therapy bc he's being an ass great"
b'my dad is hell bent on getting a golden lab... like today... so later tonight i am pretty sure i am coming home to a new dog ^~^'
b"my dad just yelled at me in front of my whole neighborhood. yeah that's nice dad. way to be. disappointed face"
b'my dad really does not know the difference between twitter and facebook pensive face pensive face pensive face'
b'my dad said he would get me a tiny christmas tree for my room if i cleaned it so thats why im deep cleaning it tonight and tomorrow'
b'my dad think sweet sooo nice bc he saw my snap of him putting my shoe on. yeah okay if i tell him how he be threatening to beat my ass'
b'my daily routine :1) wake up 2) be awesome 3) go back to sleep.'
b"my daughter has only just started at uni so we've got another 4 years to wait for hers! what did she study?"
b'my day is going just wonderful smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my day is off to a fantastic start'
b'my day just keeps getting better and better.'
b'my days are backwards. i wake up tired and go to bed wide awake.'
b'my days only go terrible when i have to go deal with the nicest customers in all of london at work!'
b'my day starts backwards... i wake up tired and i go to bed wide awake.'
b'my degree has done so much for me really'
b'my dentist told me i need a crown. i am like, i know right?'
b"my doctor says each piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off your life... if my math is right, i should've died in 1781"
b'my doctor told me not to lift anything heavy for a few weeks. so i have to sit when i pee now.'
b'my doctor told me to start killing people. well not in those exact words. he told me to reduce the stress in my life. same thing.'
b'my doctor told me to watch my drinking, so now i drink in front of a mirror.'
b"my dog reminds me of my ex. she does not pull her weight financially and she's scared of the vacuum."
b'my dog understands the word " no, " so how are you going to tell me teenage boys do not know the difference between rape and consent?'
b'my door was closed when you came in, do not leave it open when you leave -. -'
b'my dream pup is like 120 -140 lbs and i am only 100 lbs... if it gets too excited and gives my a hug i could be in for some hurting'
b"my dreams are so f 'ed up its weird like i did not actually make braeden cupcakes but i keep thinking i did"
b'my emotional instability has gotten to point that i can not stand up properly bc i am shaky, dizzy & tired all the time'
b'my entire back is covered in hives 10/10'
b'my entire life is just me " winging it ".'
b'my entire school : " you do not talk much. " me : " because i fucking hate you all.'
b'my evenings consist of watching how to remove cat odour you tube videos'
b'my ex can not take his new girlfriend to basketball games because she gets pissed when the whole stadium makes fun of her by yelling rebound!'
b'my ex is living proof as to how stupid i can be.'
b'my experiment presentation for class was recorded and put on facebook... great!'
b"my ex's smile was the reason why mum asked me to brush my teeth twice."
b'my ex updated her status on facebook & said she was standing on a cliff so i poked her.'
b"my eye is watering and it's raining this is not ok"
b'my eyes during a test = (?_?)(?_?)(?_?)(?_?). when the teacher comes next to me = (?_?). when the teacher walks away = (?_?)(?_?)'
b'my eyes feel fabulous in these contacts right now'
b'my face has been covered in hives for the past 2 days. yet, i am sadder abt the fact that i may never again be able to eat fried pickles.'
b'my face is covered in hives face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"my face looks so awkward but it's okay cos good finally a pic w elly! grinning face with smiling eyes concorde hotel singapore"
b'my family built off of loyalty one nigga snitch, that shit will destroy us zipper mouth face'
b'my family sure knows how to make me feel the greatest.'
b'my favorite alarms smiling face with open mouth'
b'my favorite are six am conference calls.'
b'my favorite emails are ones that let you know that your order has shipped.'
b"my favorite exercise is somewhere between a lunge and a crunch. it's called lunch."
b'my favorite feeling is disappointment'
b'my favorite greek was in my house! and shit was just a disappointment of how i pictured face with tears of joy'
b'my favorite kind of queue. thanks se for " fixing " the queues'
b'my favorite method of studying is crying a little and hoping for the best right before the test'
b'my favorite part about summer is getting 800 freckles a day'
b'my favorite part of 2012 was the part when i did not die.'
b'my favorite part of being injured & not being able to run is still getting to wake up at 6 every morning for practice.'
b'my favorite part of my life is when my expectations make reality a disappointment'
b'my favorite part of the day is finding hair all over the place.'
b'my favorite part of the day is when i get to go to bed'
b'my favorite people are the ones that can make any unfunny joke hilarious just by laughing'
b'my favorite response to a meeting invite : " why am i invited to this meeting? " unamused face'
b'my favorite song is out now! head over to itunes to pick up a copy of live like a legend'
b'my favorite thing in the whole world is sitting by myself in the union!'
b'my favorite thing in this world is harry fixing his hair, running his hands through it, just in any way touching it'
b'my favorite thing is when seth is being mean to me on purpose and will not stop. my happiness level sky rockets.'
b'my favorite thing to do is run my battery down to 1% so i can have anxiety.'
b'my favouriote part about painting is taping everything off'
b'my favourite part about turning 19 was that everyone gives you tips on how not to get too drunk... sorry, i am going to enjoy being drunk face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my favourite pre-work job : fixing a punctured bike tyre.'
b'my fever has me feeling hot'
b'my first attempt at cloning was a success and i am so excited i am beside myself!'
b'my first day off from school without any homework and i am spending it at home in jeans and a hoodie'
b'my first head cold in i do not remember how long. which is awesome timing as i have so much energy to spare!'
b'my first instinct when i see an animal is to say \xc2\x93hello \xc2\x94 my first instinct when i see a person is to avoid eye contact & hope it goes away'
b'my first weekend of work is gonna suck cause everybody and they mama wanna see mockingjay part 2 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'an absolute stunning model of behavior for young kids.'
b'my freshmen nutri sci class actually has 100 questions worth of homework this week.'
b'my fridays are 9 -5 strictly classes next semester... just like they are this semester wooooooo'
b"my friend had bad luck with both his wives. the first one left him, and the second one didn't."
b'my friend is so broke, all he says is " just leave me a loan ".'
b'my friends and i had a prayer circle after school for this algebra eoc tomorrow face with tears of joy face with tears of joy best of luck to everyone taking it face throwing a kiss'
b'my friends are always here for me when i need them.'
b'my friends are rich as hell and i am just like..'
b'my friends did not tell me i had a booger. real homies'
b'my friends wins are like my own. so proud of my inner circle. there is nothing better than seeing your loved ones dreams come true \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"my friend think he's smart. he said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. i threw a watermelon at his face."
b'my friend told me his girlfriend talks a lot in her sleep. apparently " i know " was not the correct response.'
b'my friend was upset that he lost out on a promotion at work to an attractive older woman. i told him not to cry over skilled milf.'
b"my fucking luck that it's raining, i do not have a coat, and am in the elevator as the fire alarm goes off"
b'my future husband is going to have the coolest wife lol you go dude'
b'my future soulmate is out there somewhere, pushing a pull door, i just know it.'
b'my future wife is watching this video rn thinking to herself " im glad im not marrying him "... im comin bitch face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'my geometry teacher is gonna look at the test i just turned in like wtf is this bitch doing with her life'
b'my gf has an odd way of starting convos. she always begin by saying, " hey, are you even listening? "'
b'my gf said i need a reality check, and i agree. reality should send me a check. i deserve royalties for being this awesome.'
b'my girlfriend does this really cute thing where she does not exist.'
b'my girlfriend has this sick sexual fetish of trying to cuddle with me after sex.'
b'my girlfriend is not allowed to wear sunglasses. unless the lenses are out, i need to see who she looking at.'
b"my girlfriend is walking out on me because of my obsession with call of duty. it's ok, she wont get far. i put a claymore by the door."
b'my girlfriend just caught me blow drying my penis and asked what was i doing. apparently, " heating your dinner " was not the right answer'
b'my girlfriend : " justin bieber has 3 albums, a book, over 50 awards, 30 million fans, and he\'s only 18. what do you have? " me : " a penis...? "'
b'my girlfriend says we do not spend enough time together. so i moved the xbox into the kitchen.'
b'my girlfriend started complaining about my lack of interest in her family. so i fucked her sister.'
b'my girlfriend told me i should be more affectionate. so i got two girlfriends.'
b'my girlfriend told me she wanted me to surprise her with a gift that will take her breath away. i am thinking about getting her a treadmill.'
b'my girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so i came back drunk.'
b'my girlfriend wanted me to send her a d*ck pic so i sent her a picture of my hod'
b'my girlfriend wants to get married. i hope she finds someone nice.'
b'my girl just did a 360 dunk on me in nba2k. had to break up with her. no way she learned that on her own.'
b'my goal for 2014 is to accomplish the goals of 2013 which i should have done in 2012 because i promised them in 2011 and planned in 2010'
b'my goal for the day was to grade 10 lab reports but i actually only graded 5 lol good me'
b'my goal is that my future kids grow up saying " my parents are so in love it kinda makes me wanna puke "'
b"my goal is to be the \xe2\x80\x98we did not notice her in highschool but damn we should've ' girl"
b'my goal is to move just enough each day that no one pokes me to see if i am dead.'
b'my gold fish gets so happy when i take him out of the tank, he starts jumping.'
b'my gpa will not matter in heaven my gpa will not matter in heaven my gpa will not matter in heaven'
b'my grades are actually really good for someone who has the urge to drop out of school every 25 min'
b'my grades are dropping and my life is falling apart whats next'
b"my grades aren't that bad for someone who has the urge to drop out of school every 25 minutes"
b'my gramma real af for saying ive been working so hard and deserve the day off school tomorrow loudly crying face'
b'my grandma makes salad but no food.. like do i look like a rabbit tryna come home to some lettuce & shit? unamused face'
b'my greatest fear is sitting in front of thousands of people while my google search history is being read aloud.'
b'my group chat is talking about nascar'
b'my guy friends are so mean to me expressionless face'
b'my " ha " is fake. grinning face my " ha " is true. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes my " hahahaha " is so funny i nearly died. face with tears of joy'
b'my hair and this rain not a good mix'
b'my hair is 50 shades of fucked up from standing in the rain for that rally'
b'my hair is a mess from the rain sad'
b"my hair is at such an awkward length right now... it's not long... and it's not short... i want to cut it again but i want it longer."
b'my hair is clean and i shaved one leg. today is a classy day.'
b"my hair is gonna look so great tomorrow, if this rain let's me be great!"
b"my hair isn't naturally curly or straight.. it's like the awkward stage between curly and straight where i can not leave it natural"
b'my hair looks really good when its messy, why cant it always be wet'
b'my hair really poofy from the rain weary face'
b'my hair was straight when i left the house this morning.. lol'
b'my half hour nap some how turned into 12 and a half hours sleep lol shit'
b'my hand is really red and is covered in hives. :)))))'
b'my hand sanitizer exploded in my bag. my day is getting better smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"my hands are completely covered in hives bc of lisa's dog fml"
b'my headaches started because i went home with my bike, cycling in the rain and cold wind was blowing in my face face with head bandage'
b'my heads hurting that bad right now and i am that sick that the album is the last thing on my mind tbh... excited to hear it tomorrow though'
b'my heart goes out to the people of paris tonight. sending all of my love and hope that nobody else is hurt.'
b'my heart is broken into a million pieces because clinicals are over. i love those old people at the nursing home with all my heart. loudly crying face'
b'my highly anxious kids are in school, and the coffee is brewing, i have the food shopping to do, so about a 2/5 so far. yay.'
b'my high school girlfriend got " uses her kids as her facebook profile picture " fat.'
b'my hobbies include listening to the same album on repeat and being a bitter asshole'
b'my hobbies include staying up until 2 am for no reason and being exhausted the next day'
b'my hobbies include trying to close the elevator door before someone else gets on'
b'my hobbies : - switching between the same three apps for hours - imagining myself in situations that will literally never exist'
b'my home button is fucked up my lock button is fucked up yet but not least my screen is in a million pieces all thanks to asim bajric'
b'my homework brings all the asians to the yard, and they\'re like, " it wasn\'t that hard. "'
b'my house if full of bs first my sister makes fun of me because my blood work results then i get in trouble for her shit'
b'my huge volleyball bruises really accentuate my legs'
b"my husband has two days off from work... we're spending it in the the hospital"
b'my idea of a perfect date is to share a 100 pack of chicken nuggets together and complain about everything we hate.'
b'my instructors drawings are on point face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my kicks are most powerful when i am being tickled. so i guess being tickled is my greatest weakness and strength. anyways here's my resume."
b'my kinda guy is one who makes me giggle like a school girl and have wet panties like an incontinent grandma'
b'my kind of people laugh at offensive jokes because they understand that life is ridiculous but hilarious.'
b'my knee hurts, my legs are covered in hives, i have ten pounds of homework, have a sore throat and a pounding head ache smile'
b'my lab professor just went " good " when i walked into class'
b'my lab professor petty for giving us this quiz tomorrow unamused face i wanted to go home tonight!'
b'my lazy ass only shaved one leg. wow. k'
b'my legs are so sore. and i have sunburn on my scalp. band camp is getting off to a great start.'
b'my lesbian neighbors asked me what i wanted for my birthday. they gave me a rolex. i think they misunderstood when i said " i wanna watch. "'
b'myles goin dumb rn this is so cute'
b'my level of annoyance is at an all time high right now. thanks to this wonderful experience.'
b'my level of lazy is that i do not think house arrest would be all that bad.'
b'my level of sarcasm has gotten to the point where i do not even know if im kidding or not'
b'my life is a bunch of " it seemed like a good idea at the time " moments'
b'my life is a constant battle between my love of food and not wanting to get fat.'
b'my life is a constant inner dialogue of " why did i do that? "'
b'my life is a struggle between my need for acceptance, my fear of rejection, and a desire to not care at all.'
b'my life is just a big fat bag of awesome..'
b'my life is just a collection of poorly made decisions with alternative music playing in the background'
b'my life is like a romantic comedy except theres no romance and its just me laughing at my own jokes.'
b"my life isn't perfect, but i am thankful for everything i have."
b'my life is pretty much when you throw something on your bed and it bounces until it falls on the floor'
b'my life is'
b'my life just keeps getting significantly better and better.'
b'my life literally consist of 8 hours of school, about an hour of seeing garrett and 5 hours at work.. what a joy'
b'my life'
b'my life right now. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my literature teacher will write arguments against my point on my paper and it's so interesting to me"
b'my local grocery store uses four checkouts. unless its really busy then they use one.'
b'my logic :1. take a long time to write super professional emails to recommenders 2. send text saying " hey check your email " face with tears of joy'
b"my love always looks disgusted when i sneeze, in a disgusting way... that's how my dad sneezes, though."
b'my love language is being left alone.'
b'my lovely day at work face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'my luck is so bad that if i bought a cemetery people would stop dying.'
b'my lurking skills are a blessing and a curse like i will catch you out but i will also get my feelings hurt'
b'my main issue with life is that it feels simultaneously like everything is too much and nothing will ever be enough.'
b'my mama loud in here talking otp arguing with her coworkers about who makes the best tea! who cares. sthu'
b"my meat science lab is today. it's kill day in the meat science lab. awesome."
b'my memory is so bad... " " how bad is it? " "... how bad is what?'
b'my middle finger gets a boner when i think of you.'
b'my migraine flare ups always seem to start on a monday, such perfect timing'
b'my mind is like my bed. i do not make it up very often.'
b'my mind is telling me to get up and what not but my body is saying otherwise...'
b'my mind will stop'
b'my mom always says " alcohol is your enemy! " jesus says, " thou shalt love thy enemy. "'
b'my mom always tells me my style is weird and out of this world?\xc2\xbf? thanks...'
b'my mom always wonders where i get my attitude from... you homegirl, i get it from you'
b'my mom at night : " goodnight my love, sweet dreams. " in the morning : " wake the fuck up you little shit "'
b'my mom blame everything on my phone. you failing? cuz that phone. you tired? always on that phone. oh you hungry? cuz that damn phone! unamused face'
b"my mom calls me just to tell me to clean the house. she's so sweet."
b'my mom calls me selfish because i do not want to babysit... wait what?'
b'my mom canceled my netflix... thanks for nothing mom.'
b'my mom canceled spotify premium & when i asked why her exact words were " you dont deserve the happiness that comes from music " thanks mom'
b'my mom did not raise a fool. maybe a psycho but not a fool lmao'
b"my mom : *doesn't have a job* also her : *yells at me for taking a day off after working 3 weeks straight *"
b'my mom is literally so scared of waking me up even if i have a doctors app. and i am sleeping she will not wake me up face with tears of joy'
b"my mom is out at the club. and i am stuck babysitting 4 kids expressionless face they wont go to bed. ugh children are so annoying. it's 1:17am sleep god damn"
b'my mom is so supportive of the decisions i make smiling face with sunglasses " that\'s a goo one brudder face with tears of joy'
b'my mom : i think you should do your homework. me : well, i sometimes think i should do crystal meth but then i think mmm, better not.'
b'my mom just sent me a friend request on facebook! finally i can use that " i am not your friend i am your mother " speech to my advantage.'
b"my mom just texted me saying 'call me asap ' i think i'll stick to calling her'mom '"
b'my mom just threw the dish sponge at me face with medical mask ow that really hurt'
b'my mom likes to play this game called yell from four rooms away and get upset when i can not hear her'
b"my mom literally will not let me pay until driving classes until after christmas... great. i am glad i'll be 17 without a license"
b'my momma act like i am not important, but wait till she need me to babysit then she gunna wanna talk.'
b'my momma tryna get me a car for christmas.. without a license loudly crying face'
b"my mom said dinner was ready and i went into the kitchen and it wasn't even ready. i am sick of all these lies, its tearing our family apart."
b'my mom says i am not allowed to turn the air conditioning on now. today i will be roasting alive in my house.'
b'my mom says nothing good ever happens after dark... well the jokes on you ma (@historyatbutler ) because i just got a free jello mold pc'
b'my mom stays lurking on my shit she literally knows everything unamused face'
b'my mom thinks i will be able to work two jobs during dental hygiene school...'
b"my mom thinks wtf means wow that's fantastic... today i texted her : mom i got an a on my english test... my mom said : wtf see you at dinner."
b'my mom told me i have to wait at the school for her like until i can not stay at the school any longer grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'my mom : " what\'s wrong? " me : " idk, i am just fucked up.. " mom : " yeah, you are.. " ha thanks mom winking face'
b'my morning has started off great'
b'my morning routine includes 10 minutes of sitting on my bed and thinking about how tired i am'
b'my morning routine includes 20 minutes of staring at the ceiling thinking about how tired i am and debating if i really need to life today'
b'my mother always told me if you can `t say anything nice, don `t say anything at all... and some people wonder why i am so quiet around them.'
b'my mother said you should give the returned book refund to me in cash so i can give it to my father!'
b"my mother seriously needs to start buying new towels. i'd show you a picture, but the slit it literally down my ass"
b'my mother told me stay in the house do not worry about bitches that can not fight your sister be out of prison around summer time'
b'my mother took the liberty of using my laptop and proceeded to close out of my paper and only half of it saved angry face'
b'my mouth is so numb. i the dentist'
b'my mp. can you imagine how proud this makes me feel of him?'
b'my mythology prof expects us to read the entire textbook now and then reread the chapters as we actually cover the material.'
b'my name is wyatt and i listen to 5sos'
b'my names amanda and i thoroughly enjoying walking a mile to class in the rain.'
b'my nap was great! wow can i now go to sleep, and not toss and turn?'
b"my neighbor is outside watering her plants.. it's raining and they're already dead"
b'my neighbor\'s literally blasting aladdin\'s " a whole new world " song outside'
b'my neighbors upstairs are elephants that like to shuffle grinning face'
b'my neighbors upstairs might as well be elephants with how loudly they move around elephant'
b'my nephew asked me what marriage was like. so i gave him a candy bar and told him not to eat it.'
b'my new business cards say " if you\'re reading this, you pulled it out of a bucket and you owe me free food "'
b'my new favorite disappointment meme is wooshin'
b"my next door neighbor's battery went dead in his smart car today. i had to give him a jump start from my ipod."
b'my oatmeal exploded in the microwave. what a great start to my day!'
b'my office got a shredder, so now i have to buy a turtle costume to fight it on monday. work is hard.'
b'my opinion on life right now'
b'my parents are always so supportive of my choices. unamused face'
b"my parents aren't home you know what that means *sits in the living room instead of sealing myself away in my room *"
b"my parents aren't rich but they've always found a way to make sure i had anything i ever needed or wanted and for that i am forever grateful"
b'my parents love to watch shows with lots of old people nudity while i am eating maybe there trying to make me puke on them'
b'my parents raised me so well i am nothing like these girls on this generation \xf0\x9f\x98\x8c\xf0\x9f\x91\x91'
b'my parents say its their house, but when its time to clean it magically becomes my house too.'
b'my parents suck this weekend smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"my parents told me 'you watch too much tv and should try reading more! ' so i turned on the subtitles."
b'*my parents when i was 8* " go to your room " *my parents now* " please come out of your room "'
b'my parking job is not a reflection of who i am as a person, i hope people remember that.'
b'my parking skills in my jeep are prime'
b'my past relationships are a lot like algebra, i look at the x and wonder y'
b'my pen just exploded all over me and it will not come off this is great'
b"my pet peeve is when someone ignores you like if we have a problem then let's address it"
b'my phone battery dropped from 20% to 10% in literally less than 10 seconds. \xf0\x9f\x93\xb1\xf0\x9f\x94\x8b'
b'my phone is basically just a clock sitting in my pocket because nobody contacts me.'
b'my phone is literally falling apart'
b'my phone is so blown up all the time.'
b'my phone just autocorrected " i am good " to " i am hood. " yes, phone that is also correct.'
b"my phone just changed, 'calendar ' to 'cake radar ' and now i really wish i had that."
b'my phone literally flew right out of my hands... i think i lost my virginity to this pic'
b'my phone seriously just shut off on me & tried telling me it was dead at 50%. very cool!'
b"my phone's in my hand almost every second of the day so if you think i am ignoring you i probably am"
b'my plan for thanksgiving break was to enjoy the week off not stress tf out & finish projects expressionless face'
b'my pop exploded everywhere wow im having a great day! smile'
b'my " pretend like i never met you " game is strong as fuck'
b'my problem is i can not stay mad. i always end up forgiving people, even when they do not deserve it.'
b'my problem is that i start depending on people for my happiness, and when they leave like they always do, they take my happiness with them.'
b'my professor really thinks i can sit in her 2 and a half hour class without pulling out my phone'
b'my professor used my last essay as a sample for further classes. apparently i did really well on it, good ~'
b'my registration time is at 3:20 so not even gonna try and get my hopes up about gettin all the classes i need lmao good smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'my relationship is far from perfect but i wouldnt trade it for anything. \xe2\x99\xa1'
b'my relationship is like an ipad. i do not have an ipad.'
b"my relationship is so fun because we're best friends and completely in love with each other so everything's just perfect"
b"my relationship with my ex was very psychological she's psycho and i am logical."
b'my room internet connection music food - homework = perfect day!'
b"my room is not a mess. it's an obstacle course designed to keep me fit."
b'my roommate and i both had 8am classes today and we both skipped them because we both got maybe 2 hours of sleep smile good responsibility!'
b"my roommate must love me cause i am sitting here on twitter while she's doing my math homework"
b'my room : messy my thoughts : messy my hair : messy my life : messy consistency'
b"my savings bank is my sock drawer lol literally jus shove money in there everynight, one day that's gonna turn into my new car"
b'my schedule for the spring is beautiful. no classes on fridays'
b'my school is really safe'
b'my school uniform makes me look hot'
b'my screensaver is a screenshot of a bunch of spreadsheets so my boss does not notice when i have not moved my mouse in an hour.'
b'my shower = 24 mins4 mins = wash and rinse body20 mins = reflection and deep thoughts about the origin of life and the universe'
b'my shower is a teleportation machine, every time i want to get out it brings me to antarctica.'
b'my signature move is asking a co-worker wearing a suit on dress down fridays, " how did the job interview go? " in front of everyone.'
b'my sister may be just the smartest person i know'
b"my sister said she's gonna make her bf get her name tatted flushed face"
b'my sisters boyfriend really went all out for her birthday'
b'my sisters profile pic in my room wearing my clothes'
b'my sister yelled the last 5 minutes of greys because love story was playing so we had to keep going back and it was painful'
b"my sleep number is 24. that's a case of beer and i sleep like a baby."
b'my smiles are fake, but when you see a photo or video they are not.'
b'my son asked what he should say if a bully said to give him his lunch money. i said tell him you left it on his moms nightstand.'
b"my son can now reach the light switches so do not come over my house unless you're really into raves or want to have a seizure."
b'my son is 36 months old " bitch ur son is 3 frickin years old'
b'my son is so happy.'
b'my sophomore sister is at the one direction concert & im here in class.'
b'myspace is my ex husband, facebook is my baby daddy, twitter is my ho and i am in a serious relationship with instagram.'
b'my special power is reading about a disease and developing all the related symptoms within an hour.'
b'my starbucks lid smells like fish'
b"my stomach hurts i think it's bc i am upset but idk oh well"
b'my stomach is hurting a lot because i am so nervous and excited to hear the album, i really can not wait 4minutes more!'
b'my straightener broke... thank you based god'
b'mystrangedaze : i heart hash - or'
b'my stress stresses me out to the point where i am too stressed to deal with my stress'
b'if i have all the money in the world and can buy up cities my sweet spot and live out'
b'my syster is happy'
b'my tacky tourist outfit for tomorrow is gonna make you all smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'my talents :being able to identify every one of the 5000songs on my phone by the first chord & eating more thn the rest of my family combined'
b'my talents include falling in love with people i cant have.'
b'my talents include stress eating and falling in love with people that will never love me back'
b'my taste in music ranges from " you need to listen to this " to " i know, please do not judge me. "'
b"my even though it's friday. i definitely enjoyed being a hollister model. lol"
b'my tech class has 13 people in it... 10 of them are freshmen.'
b'my texting has been on point lately... expressionless face expressionless face expressionless face'
b'mythbusters is basically my childhood with a much larger explosives budget.'
b'my therapist told me my only homework was " to continue doing a fucking awesome job " and to " be me ". so i think i\'ve finally made it.'
b"my thick thighs and basic brown eyes will win over someone's heart one day"
b'my time management skills are on point kids.'
b'my top lip is going to swell up right before we go back to school ):'
b"my trifold for my history speech looks insane. when you head my speech you'll find out it's even crazier. can not wait for second period \xf0\x9f\x98\x89!"
b'my trust is so fucked up, like thanks ex. you really did a fucking number on me.'
b'my trust issues began when there was no donkey in donkey kong.'
b'my trust issues run so deep i do not even believe people are going to turn when they use turn signals anymore'
b'my tuesday, thursday f2 classes always see me at my best face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"my tweet wasn't really about you. but if the shoe fits, then lace that bitch up and wear it."
b'my twitter timeline :ios7ios7ios7gta5 ios7ios7drakeios7ios7and some hoe talkin bout her pumpkin spice latte'
b'my two favourites went this weekend so x factor you can suck your mum! slag'
b'my two main moods are " i hate everyone " and " i want someone to love me "'
b'my upstairs neighbor must have called over a group of elephants to help him move around furniture this morning'
b"my upstairs neighbors aren't loud enough they only sound like 11 elephants instead of 12"
b'my upstairs neighbors have to be sumo wrestlers. no other explanation for it sounding like herd of elephants above me'
b"my upstairs neighbors must actually be elephants. that's the only logical explanation for all this loud stomping all day and night."
b'sure bri, i think he is saying the same about you.'
b'my voice is soo girly when i talk to strangers but when i \xc2\x92m with friends i turn into morgan freeman'
b'my voice sounds great when i am singing with my earphones on, then i take them off and i realize i sound like a dying walrus.'
b'my wallet is like an onion. when i open it, i cry.'
b'my wedding vows : i love you but i dont love you as much as i love dogs'
b'my weekend is going to suck disappointed face'
b'my weekend was awesome every little bit of it... even the laundry'
b'my week is basically : monday monday monday monday friday saturday pre -monday'
b'my whole back is covered in hives. lol at my life'
b'my whole body is covered in hives.. sweet'
b'my wife and i do it doggie style. i sit up and beg and she rolls over and plays dead.'
b"my wife keeps leaving magazines lying around with the jewelry ads circled. i got the hint. for valentine's day she's getting a magazine rack"
b'my wife said we should try some role reversal in bed last night so i said i had a headache.'
b'my will is just gonna say " do not write sh*t on my facebook wall when i am dead, it\'s weird. "'
b'my wish : to eat without getting fat.'
b'my work account (@marykatekeller ) is almost to 5,000 followers. must be my smashing personality. who cares about nudes!'
b'my worst classes are tomorrow... good unamused face'
b'awww you two say the nicest things to me honestly i am overawed by all your lovely comments truly humbled.'
b'nadia is so cool'
b'nagging to your nigga about bs gets you left alone... those type of people love drama \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'shit i am hoping they lose'
b'nah guys not going [w ] tonight, lab report in for 9:15'
b'nahh i did not wanna go. thanks though.'
b'nah i want her to represent me when i inevitably get caught up with the law'
b"if you love your book gimme a sec, you can get other classes that'll let you keep it"
b'na i do not wanna be down wit your team you circle or crew i got my own shit i built its or nothing i bossed up a min ago'
b"na. i just buy it from the resellers. what's a line? oh yeah the thing i waited for when i had next wit ya mammy"
b"'naks naks ' 'who's there ' face with tears of joy face with tears of joy again i'll attempt to sleep"
b'well right now im just alone in my apartment so thats fun ha'
b"do not enjoy tech what's so ever ha i am thinking about it but i am not 100% sure yet"
b'shout out to my sister for being so great " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy puta'
b"naps are tricky because you either wake up refreshed and relaxed or you have a headache, dry throat, and are unaware of what year you're in"
b"narcissist? let's just calm down with the big words and keep this conversation about me."
b"it's still raining in phoenix does that surprise you nascar called that race?"
b"so interesting. maybe if he did not suck we'd be talking about title hopes this weekend instead of cold pizza"
b'states on its radio channel that it will be going into " a hold " for this race. no surprise because it is still raining.'
b'i blame you for me not doing homework right now'
b'i love you so much bae, waiting for you next video smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes i cant wait'
b'is doing a and i am not sleeping loudly crying face \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'that awkward moment you do not have anything to video call with is the saddest moments'
b'you helped me through so much when i was down you help me get through it'
b'why do you only reply to people who are literally obsessed with you?'
b'love this pic. last nights class was great. so much fantastic work going on!'
b'i like your considerate use of the word " figurative " instead of " literally "'
b'that\'s a bet bro! we gotta make this like " the one " i am hoping it hit 10 milly'
b'excited to wake up and see how people will have seen this'
b"national stopped using eminem's lose yourself track in campaigning a couple weeks ago - - heard it used 2 mins ago newstalkzb"
b'good thanks clint! fucked up our race and top 10 in pts. what a crappy ending'
b'thanks for mine too btw!'
b'natto thank you love & safe 4th of enjoy! you nah almost talked to power you will never be a?'
b'pushing quackery on the of sick & they are dying as a result'
b'can not wait to see you gorgeous lady! are you ready to get sweaty at insanity!'
b'naughty day off with hubby... starts with a blowjob retweet if you would join in i would love 2 to suck on right now'
b"yeah... he's going to attempt to sleep on the plane as well. he has not slept very good the past few days either worry"
b"just now getting to watch last night's show (life of a busy mom ), but it's so far so great!"
b'and you lost your law license to insurance fraud, right. use a better green screen next time too.'
b'idk whats happening but people i love and trust told me you suck so stop that'
b'i am not sure why donald thinks his looks are appealing to any of those women.'
b"no more money for obama. where did the million for ebola go? use the money that wasn't used for ebola. do not blame congress."
b'standing behind a liar makes you as condemned as they are i would think about that as i voted... the truth is the truth...'
b'what ever happened to "we have to wait until the investigation is over before jumping to conclusions."nbc journalism is dead at nbc'
b'or a year older than you worry'
b'circa 2014. bryan was stripped of the title shortly after for using a forklift without a license lol'
b'nearly never made it winking face'
b'neat fact : the inside of a hot pocket is 3x hotter than the surface of the sun.'
b'she & ed think its free publicity - like they are going to get " jobs " cuz they\'re " newsworthy. "'
b'they just lost their cao, gotta cut them some slack, right? theyre usually so great about these things'
b'need a fag and a massive hug loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'need a fag and need to cut pensive face pensive face pensive face i need to stay strong though'
b'need a friend? text me. need a laugh? call me. need money?! this number is no longer in service'
b'need a local fag to bring me weed and breakfast every morning'
b'need money for college need college for job need job for money what who the fuck designed this system.'
b'need more people to talk to'
b'need something that makes me excited to wake up every morning'
b'need to stop losing sleep over this stuff'
b"not that i know of. the video was a hit... here's to hoping that one person will see it. she just needs one human angel!"
b'taking a day off from work to go see movie? i love star wars. but i can not think of taking an entire day off to go to movies'
b'i just finished showering i been cleaning and doing mias room since i got off work smh'
b'netflix basically has every movie, except for the ones i actually want to watch.'
b"netflix gives you 15 seconds between episodes to decide whether or not you're doing anything with your life today."
b'netflix is soooo much better than having to go out and pretend to like people.'
b'never apoligize for how you feel.. its like saying sorry for who you are'
b'never be afraid to be yourself. remember an original is worth more than a copy.'
b"never be bullied into silence. never allow yourself to be made a victim. accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself."
b'never been so excited to wake up at 3 am!'
b'never do anything you do not want to explain to the paramedics'
b'do things with that are'
b'never doubted them for a second.'
b'never get jealous when you see your ex with someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate.'
b'never get on one knee for a girl who will not get on two for you.'
b'never give up everyone has bad days, pick yourself up and keep going'
b'never give up on your dreams keep sleeping'
b'never going to be healthy again thanks to the shitty weather we always have.'
b'never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge.'
b'never in my life have i seen a tombstone that read : died for not forwarding that text to 10 people.'
b'never in the history of unlimited data plans has someone gone through their significant others phone and gotten happier'
b"never like a boy you'll end up either hating them or hating yourself"
b'never losing sleep over you dumb bitches, i promise you face throwing a kiss'
b'never make an arm wrestle bet with a man who has been single for longer than 6 months.'
b"nevermind i've only shaved one leg i am trash"
b'never regret being loyal, cause when shit get real they gon wish you was around.'
b'never regret something that once made you happy.'
b'never seen a 17 year old with so much botox. kylie jenner is winning with lips that look like she had an allergic reaction.'
b'never talking to you is pretty great.'
b"never thought i'd see the day that bobby plays his first uil game. can not wait till he's in highschool crying face"
b'never thought i would look forward to a doctors appointment, can not wait to sort this dirt cough out'
b'never thought i would love my job so much that i would agree to an 11 hour shift.'
b'never treat someone like coca -cola when they treat you like pepsi.'
b"never trust a married guys opinion of who's hot. it's like asking a starving guy what food tastes good."
b"never trust anyone who can bite an ice cream without flinching that shit's not natural"
b"never trust someone who takes hours to text you back but when you're with them, they always have their phones in their hands."
b'never try to fake in worshipping our heavenly! lie to yourself seen you the pastor you are worshipping. god bless!'
b'new album on \xe2\x99\xac " let\'s live like you " by ggomagyun'
b'new drinking game : listen to holy grail and drink every time jay -z says " nigga. "'
b'new favorite term \xe2\x80\x94 " disappointment districts " \xe2\x80\x94 and quote \xe2\x80\x94 " someone decided to throw out the scale. "'
b'new fc barcelona third strip features two shades of yellow or'
b'new girl premiere.. perfect time for a fire drill right?'
b'new gym is opening up just down the street... and they have classes. such a motivation good'
b'new life goal : get a job where people ask me, " you actually get paid for doing this? "'
b'new post on my blog :'
b"new rule : unless you punched a shark in the face to dislodge that tooth, you're not allowed to wear it on a necklace."
b'new running club started in gosport on tuesday nights. let me know if interested'
b'newsflash ladies ; dumb is never cute'
b'new single coming out in 30mins!'
b'newt your such a bitter useless old man that you have to lie about hillary clinton to feel useful, your such a liar newt'
b"obama says he left the country better than he inherited it. i can tell over the violent responses to the people's choice"
b'possibly the worst defense of someone running for pres/cic ever'
b'me too! and yesterday was seriously hard work cycling home. today will be no better, plus rain'
b'can not wait to have a first lady with a vagina back in the white house!'
b'do not even have to read the whole article to realize that the only good porn is the ones with good looking women! the rest suck!'
b'next! jamie foxx ft. 2 chainz " party ain\'t a party " - tune in and tweet us or'
b'just caught this on watch tcm! this was a fun flick! the chemistry between jimmy cagney and joan blondell was perfect'
b"next person that rts that filth of a video with my cousin dry humping a stripper is getting blocked. cause it's disgusting"
b"next semester i do not have any classes on fridays. and on mondays and wednesdays my first class isn't until 2"
b'next semester is going to be so amazing because i have every class with kelsey loudly crying face i can not wait any longer'
b'next semester no classes on mondays, wednesdays or fridays face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b"next time a blocked number calls you answer like this : 'jim's whore house. you got the dough, we got the hoe. '"
b'next time i see you you\'ll be sorry " you saw me and the worst thing you did was unfriend me on facebook i am so hurt right now'
b'next time i start to develop a crush on someone please just punch me in the face instead'
b"next time someone asks you what you're up to just say your height"
b'next time you are sad remember you can make a cheeseburger with donuts as the bun. still sad? add sprinkles'
b'next time you see someone you do not like, begin conversation with " i see the assassins have failed. "'
b'next year i am gonna be the most hardworking student in school good (ceh )'
b'why do i feel like, i am rather useless instead of pleasing ppl?'
b"qb marquise williams, unc. made huge strides this year - would love to know why he's not being talked about"
b'nfl has some amazing people playing for them.'
b'wow you totally built up this shit game all afternoon! worst division in the league'
b'nfl players are such great role models \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'& gayle. this bitch needs her sexy clothes back please, its almost the weekend! you two suck at borrowing my things ha \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'niall looks so good im fucking wet get that cracker off my screen his voice holy shit im nothing'
b'niall looks so good sitting on that chair my pussy is wet'
b'i got into an argument today with a friend and she used the lyrics from history to apologize. love you guys heavy black heart heavy black heart'
b'im actually hyped to arrange my books in my new shelf bc it looks like a high school locker good i just love school lol'
b'they are just doing this to irritate the whole fandom'
b'same, i know zero people and i am from dublin face with tears of joy awkward silence for a while is great craic altogether face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"nice. basically threatening me with a bill if there's a problem with the equipment when i've had problems since day one."
b'nice do not you just love missing the bus'
b'nice drive to rhyl tomorrow - excited'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy dnt blow the surprise & i might not even get to sport it of its raining to hard'
b'nice hickey'
b'nice job sneaky cop unamused face'
b'nice little 3 and a half hour sleep before i head to the dam smirking face'
b'nice rainy weather on my day off this is love'
b"nice threatening email from you this morning, asking me to pay a bill you have not sent me. send me a bill and i'll pay it"
b'nice three and a half hour sleep but hey my intro is so bomb'
b'nice to know i have a true friend \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'nice to know i have people who support me'
b'nice to know that the god of injury is still on milan side'
b"nice to know that you'll always have my back unamused face"
b'nice to see bobby jindal not using a life-threatening storm as a platform to advance the gop cause.'
b'nice to see how you thank me back after putting everything on the line for you.'
b'nice to see i can voice my opinion though.'
b"nice try jehovah's witnesses but dressing up like cops and telling me you have a warrant is not going to get me to open my door."
b'yeah your a twitter stalker blasting out old tweets on my bad call but your looking worse with insults galore grow up'
b'drills in hard algebra during " my son\'s best friend ". new review!'
b"just those kind of arguments usually destroy everything we love about every game, ever. it's scares me."
b'nicki minaj being a judge on american idol is like taylor swift giving relationship advice.'
b'if im white am i allowed to use the word nigger? i dont understand why black people dont let us use it is a universal right'
b'hey thanks for the follow back.'
b'hahaha! easier to advice the kid on how to be carried away than to stop the media. wish you well!'
b'yeah face with tears of joy it was either credit or no credit lmfao not gonna lie i set you up for failure'
b'personally i am a fan of capital & kiss with all their excellent pop stuff to tap my feet too'
b'i know but im to the point where theres no point in arguing or telling her anything anymore i just wish her the best now'
b"wow that's a first i've ever heard. i did not even know that was an option. go you nicole"
b'niggas need to understand tht twitter tells you everything, so if you do not want to get caught... just do not do it \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xe2\x9c\x8c'
b"niggas swear you need 'em raised hand"
b"niggas will go to the end of the world for some sex. christopher columbus probably found america looking for some hoe's house."
b'night classes are my favorite'
b'night labs are the best'
b'nightmares are so awesome'
b'night shift and can not sleep'
b"there's nothing like a hearty breakfast to kick off the day! - thanks for the favourite smile"
b': so i was on tinder and this " acceptable'
b'i just want to personally thank you for all you have down on the vampire diaries and i think you should be behind the camera xoxo'
b"i've been really great. mostly been busy with school, but i graduate in may so that's cool."
b"where did you do clinicals? does it feel like second nature now? when's your graduation, i'd love to go smile"
b'fridays are ruined by 8am classes'
b'city living girl! your fave'
b'no alarm no school no munchkins good me'
b'no babysitter, so i missed paul thorn. i hope it was awesome! sad i kept myself busy by doing laundry and binge'
b'no better way to start my morning than with an 8am be...'
b'nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.'
b"nobody can make the yuletide gay. it's not a choice. that's how it was born."
b'nobody got me like i got me'
b'nobody is ever going to love me'
b'nobody is ever " too busy " if they\'re interested they\'ll make time.'
b'nobody knows how much i love the hgtv channel smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'nobody love getting up for school facts'
b"nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy."
b'nobody said life was going to be easy. nobody was wrong.'
b'nobody wanted to help me get my license and now that they see i still drive without them they all got something to say unamused face unamused face'
b'nobody wants a job, we all just want money.'
b'no camera? no ugliness no dog filters no selfies and it was considered a great invention.'
b'and yesterday evening she yelled at me while crying that i do not love her anymore bc i do not tell her anything'
b'no friday classes & this rain & netflix & my pjs & my life is all great'
b"no girlfriend should ever feel like she's in a competition with another girl."
b"no girl wants to be with a guy that can not let other girls know he's taken."
b'no guy is single! you either snatch him from someone or share him with someone. me'
b'no, i did not fall. the floor looked depressed, so i gave it a hug.'
b'no i love being talked down to. please keep going.'
b"no it's okay i like being the back up"
b"no it's ok i sent you a snapchat for you to purposely ignore obv..."
b'no i will not make the first move i will not move at all carry me'
b'no liv. i wanna listen to carrie but not the sad love song side of carrie. i am trying to drive not fall asleep.'
b'no looking forward to sleeping in this lorry the night'
b'i bet your lil bf would like that. lol'
b'no malice in this tweet but im bored of teams coming to boro & doing nothing like qpr just did. time wasting from the off.'
b'no matter how " busy " a person\'s day may be. if they really care, they\'ll always find time for you.'
b'no matter how funny you are, if i do not like you, i will not laugh.'
b'no matter how groovy you are on facebook there is always someone annoying who requests you to play candy crush! heavy black heart'
b'no matter how hard i try, i just never seem to run out of bad ideas.'
b"no matter how loud you crank the bass, it's still a minivan."
b"no matter how old i get, i am still gonna mentally sing the abc's to see which letter comes next."
b'no matter the situation i am not losing sleep or focus! i gotta get it smiling face with horns'
b'no matter what, the biggest regret in your life will always be cutting your hair.'
b'no matter what you do, you have not truly made it until a government helicopter lands on your lawn and they need your expertise immediately.'
b'no means no except if you are offering me food and i say no then i actually mean yes but i say no bc im trying to be polite'
b'no medicine, you are not " grape flavored ". have you ever tasted a grape? you taste like death and the tears of small children, not grape.'
b"no mom, you're mad because you're wrong, not because i am talking back."
b'no money in the bank, but alas my car has fuel. all is well!'
b'no motivation to study no motivation to talk no motivation to move no motivation to breathe no motivation to live no motivation to any thing'
b'no my roommate play out of tune zeppelin songs right outside my door isnt annoying. not at all'
b"no. my status is from a song. it's not about you. get over yourself."
b'no need to drive me crazy. i can walk from here.'
b"none of my coworkers get why i have fishbowl with no fish. it's because fish can not survive in my secret reservoir of vodka."
b'no offense but if 1 of ur friends is excited about something & you make them feel stupid 4 being excited about it ur the worst type of person'
b"no offense but i suck at responding to most messages so please do not think it's you. it's def me."
b'no offense but purposefully negative people are boring and draining as hell and not nearly as interesting as they think they are'
b'no offense but why do i feel like everyone hates me'
b'no offense " means " i am about to insult you, but do not get mad.'
b"no one believes me when i say this but i can literally taste the difference between tap water and bottled water stop saying they're the same"
b'no one cares if you do not like short hair on girls shut the fuck up'
b'no one saw me wear it therefore it is not dirty'
b'no one thinks the screenshot of your text messages are as funny as you do. no one.'
b'no one told me sam smith covered amy winehouse\'s " love is a losing game "... y\'all are and i am going to go cry myself to sleep now'
b"no one understand how aggravating it is for me to come home to no food and then be hit with that it's too late to go out to eat."
b'no one will ever care like i did, i promise you that.'
b"no phone all day until now & no texts from him... yeaaaahhh, isn't this just a great day!"
b"no point in arguing with somebody that thinks yeezus is kanye's best work. they're already a lost cause"
b'no really. i can sleep quite well while i am upset.'
b'no relationship is perfect so just find the right one to go through heaven and hell with'
b'no replies are fine ignoring me is fine treating me like i dont matter is fine but it better be fine when i stop giving a fuck'
b"normal life ] ive worn the same shirt everyday for a week [packing for vacation hmmm. i'll prob change a few times a day so thats 32 shirts"
b'normally i would be only just waking up at this time but noooo my dad has a doctors appointment so i am dragged out here at the crack of dawn'
b'normal people : i love it when my boyfriend/girlfriend tells me he/she loves me. me : i love it when my microwave tells me my food is ready'
b'no school for me today good'
b'no she wants me to move the furniture every night.'
b"no. sitting in a full waiting room, wearing a three sizes too big hospital gown isn't the worst thing to happen to me today."
b'no sleep tonight, loving the homework life unamused face'
b'not able to do nothing without my license.'
b'not a clue what i want to do after school! any suggestions anyone?'
b'not a day goes by that i am not covered in hives at least once'
b'not a great time to get sick -_- fml'
b'not all goodbyes are bad. for example : goodbye class'
b"not all of us who enjoy are complete 24/7, pose and wear a tie dyed t-shirts. just sayin '"
b'not allowed to go to work today... awesome'
b'all scientists in the world can give a body -life (soul ) like the perfection in which our creator gives.. " dr laurence.'
b'we dont tolerate bitchness "'
b'been rude or disrespectful'
b'not being able to breathe from allergies and then walking from the bottom to top a campus is always fun.'
b'not being able to breathe is amazing!'
b'not being able to drink this weekend at my cousins partners party is gonna suck balls.'
b'being able to get ios8 because i still have an iphone 4'
b'not being able to sleep is literally the worst thing ever'
b'not bothered. face with tears of joy'
b"it's a really great episode. the love and respect they have for one another makes it rain on my face."
b'not downloading the ios 8 update literally takes up all my memory'
b'not enjoying running, slow and awkward, but not running makes it worse to get back any better. good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"*note* - the christmas party diet involves fasting in advance of christmas. it's like the bikini diet on crack."
b'note to people upstairs : stop being elephants \xf0\x9f\x90\x98\xf0\x9f\x90\x98'
b'note to self : wearing headphones do not make my farts silent.'
b'not even 5 and phillips past out drunk. thank you baldwin pd for getting him drunk for your training. unamused face'
b'not even complaining that i over slept bc i got a half hour of extra sleep'
b'not even excited abt thanksgiving break bc i have to wake up at 4 & not kill the kids i babysit'
b'not even mad i dropped preordering the iphone 6 to have it friday morning at 9 am... hard last week in iphone 4 gang'
b'everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere.'
b'not everyone has the chance to find and fall in love with their best friend. if you are, do not ever let them go.'
b'everyone who woked up today,, is still alive sad \xf3\xbe\x8d\x80 sad but true... if you are reading'
b'not exactly excited to wake up at 4 am saturday.'
b'not excited to wake up at 3, but i am excited to see which apartment i am being moved too smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'no texts no calls, nothing. but i am still here thinking about you like crazy.'
b'feeling good in science good'
b'not forwarding all those chain text back when i was 12 is the reason'
b'not going to any games tonight. just gonna stay home & be bored.'
b'not going to trip ima enjoy life no matter what because god got plans for me'
b'not gonna lie if we date jus know im gonna have hella off guard pictures of you in my camera roll'
b"not gonna lie it's pretty great doing nothing with my days but i am over being broke"
b'not gonna lie, more than half of money goes to food'
b'not gonna think about it, just enjoy it'
b"not great thinking tesco - store under fire after dumping '\xc2\xa34,000 worth ' of unsold bikes"
b'no thanks " : be a bxtch having a good heart can put you in some fucked up situations "'
b'have this feeling in 5 years now. i think it feels so good when you see your team play on every other tuesday or wednesday night.'
b"not having classes on fridays second semester is the best decision i've ever made"
b'not having friday classes is so much love weary face'
b'not having to work overtime tonight would just be completely awesome'
b'nothing annoys me more than when people ignore me without telling me what i did wrong'
b"nothing annoys me more than when people rerack the weights wrong! it's that hard."
b'nothing a smile can not fix. not even tissues?'
b'nothing as refreshing as cycling in the rain.'
b'nothing beats a good wet shave with a straight edge or a double edge razor. it is like getting a facial.'
b'nothing beats the feeling of being dropped'
b'nothing beats the feeling of walking in damp boxers all day at school'
b'nothing beats waiting for a late bus in heavy pollution'
b'nothing better than 9 hour car rides...'
b'nothing better than having to massively reorganize my calendar while on the road'
b'nothing better then being stuck in traffic on my way to work'
b'nothing better then having mimi super pissed'
b'nothing boosts ur self esteem more than knowing that a baby has more money in her beats by dre than you do period.'
b'nothing can destroy your good opinion of a company quicker than working for them.'
b'nothing captures her attention more than a lizard on the ceiling'
b'nothing feels more deflating than when a dog shows zero interest in you.'
b'nothing great was ever achieved by doing nothing great.'
b'nothing i love more than being up early in the morning smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'nothing i love more than missing the bus'
b'nothing i love more than waking up to stomach pains at 4 and not getting back to sleep'
b'nothing in this world feels great than dumping a nigger before he has even tapped.'
b'nothing is impossible. i know a guy who once guessed correctly why a woman was mad at him. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'i'm possible '! unless you wanna slam a revolving door, then that's not going to happen."
b'nothing is more disturbing than sitting on a warm toilet seat.'
b'nothing i straightened it but idk if to curl it with the curling iron'
b'nothing like a cookie for dinner'
b"nothing like a couple who's foundation is christ alone."
b'nothing like a disney breakfast!'
b"nothing like a facial tattoo to make me feel better about the choices i've made."
b'nothing like a first choice cafe to start off my day smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'nothing like a good dogfight to get the blood pumping'
b'nothing like a good english class first thing in the morning...'
b'nothing like a good power outage to wake you up in the middle of the night.'
b'nothing like a good text book read before bed -___ -'
b'nothing like a gorilla dance party to really get the crowd going " -'
b'nothing like a great train following you down the aisle by carolina herrera'
b'nothing like a man in a nice fitted suit weary face'
b'nothing like an african woman baby angel'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nothing like an alves press conference. man is brilliant'
b"nothing like a quick game of while you're waiting for your leftovers to heat up in the microwave."
b'nothing like a relaxing morning walk with a toddler.'
b'nothing like a solid win for a home opener. excited for the season ahead.'
b'nothing like a string rendition of " thunderstruck " to get me pumped up on a monday morning.'
b'nothing like a two hour traffic jam to get your night going'
b'nothing like beef stew and dumplings for lunch on such a cold day!'
b'nothing like being around ppl that care about you & that you care about i swear!'
b'nothing like being hungry and not knowing what you want'
b'nothing like being in class two hours and having two hours to go!'
b'nothing like being judged and talked about from a person that never ever met you. life!'
b'nothing like being reassured that you meant nothing to someone'
b'nothing like being thrown up on first thing in the morning'
b'nothing like being woken up by your po and getting your room thrashed to start off my friday \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'nothing like boozing with the boss'
b'nothing like bumpin some john'
b'nothing like coffee to keep you rolling on a cold day... shoot, i am becoming like my parents'
b'nothing like coming home from work to find out your lil guy is sick worry'
b'nothing like cotton candy for breakfast'
b'nothing like crawling out of bed at 3:30'
b'nothing like creepy guys to make you feel like the hottest chick at 6:00 am.'
b'nothing like crying myself to sleep.'
b'nothing like cuddling up for sleep with my kindle and my sweet puppy. smile smile'
b'nothing like doing work before going to work. smh shitty fucking day and left me in a bitchy ass mood.'
b'nothing like ending your day with a relaxing night'
b'nothing like finding a shitty problem that needs to be solved first thing on monday, late friday afternoon.'
b'nothing like getting a police escort for the ball game smiling face with sunglasses'
b'nothing like getting stuck babysitting! you get to watch the disney channel all day!'
b'nothing like going to the source for yeast. and getting a fresh wlp530 in a purepitch.'
b'nothing like having a dream that attended your holiday work party. so john, will you being really joining?'
b'nothing like having to change your tire, first thing on a brisk cold morning but no stress or worrying allowed. i'
b'nothing like having your entire body in pain before band.'
b'nothing like heartache to once again make you feel alive.'
b'nothing like ice cream for lunch'
b'nothing like laying in bed cuddled up after a long day with my love'
b'nothing like listening to in the morning and drinking coffee to wake me up'
b'nothing like listening to music, doing homework and studying is just the best smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'nothing like long bus rides to listen to pity sex'
b'nothing like looking up tabletop rpg stuff to be reminded how the " nice and friendly " forums drove out the poc and kept unabashed racists.'
b'nothing like not realizing how late it is when you finish studying'
b'nothing like pretending you were in a toxic relationship and being melodramatic to help wash away your real life probz. thx'
b'nothing like resurrected please. the family members are confused because of the agony, as to invite someone to resurrect him.'
b'nothing like rolling thru white ass lyndhurst blasting straight outta compton with the windows down'
b'nothing like seeing black women with black men. i only want my people to love each other and no one else.'
b"nothing like shooting 200 + pics before realizing they're jpeg and not raw to really start this day off great."
b'nothing like smashing your finger between a bowling ball and the key pad for the tv'
b'nothing like some acdc on the way to work to get me in the mindset to teach kindergarten'
b'nothing like some free monday am tunes from the foo fighters - saint cecilia ep'
b'nothing like spending at the vet because your dog has allergies.'
b"nothing like starting a monday by walking to class in 20 degree weather to find out it's cancelled... at least send an e-mail"
b'nothing like starting your monday morning with a 4 hour test... loudly crying face'
b'nothing like starting your morning out by cracking your phone screen smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'nothing like taking a dump and not spraying so when my co-workers use the bathroom next they get to enjoy my present'
b'nothing like taquilla and some sad spanish songs to take the pain away.'
b'nothing like the first snowy run of the season to remind me which muscles have not been used since april'
b'nothing like the holidays to get your mind body and soul back into things and inspired again. family &friends raised fist'
b'nothing like them other bitches'
b"nothing like the rain, nothing like the rain when you're in outer space, when you're in outer space"
b'nothing like the smell of browning ground beef at 645 in the morning.'
b'nothing like two grown ass men scared of a giant earth worm face with tears of joy'
b'nothing like waiting at a store for an hour before it opens jammin to maroon 5 with coworkers'
b"nothing like waking up at 7 for a good ol ' doctors appointment."
b'nothing like waking up next to the one you love'
b"nothing like waking up to a break up text. i'll never be good enough. crying face"
b'nothing like waking up unexpectedly at 4:30 & then not being able to fall back asleep because one of the smoke detector batteries is dying.'
b'nothing like watching a bumper crop being harvested just out of geraldton.'
b'nothing like watching a jamie oliver to get me inspired'
b'nothing like watching couples grow fat together on facebook'
b'nothing makes me more mad when i need to sneeze and can not because i love sneezing like why'
b'nothing more fun then getting a blood test and the 1st pathologist is unable to get any blood disappointed face thank goodness 2nd one was able to smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.'
b"nothing ruins a great night's sleep like waking up in the morning."
b'nothing says awkward like coming in your pants while dry humping. - jay mclean'
b'nothing says " good morning " like hearing a sick patient throwing up. face with medical mask'
b'nothing says " i love you and wanna sex you up after football " like a woman in the kitchen fixing ya favorite football food.'
b'nothing says " i love you " more than 4. 44am cat puke on the bed'
b'nothing says regret like the email address you made as a kid'
b'nothing says you are ugly like facebook asking " are you sure you want to make this your profile picture? "'
b'nothing screams " i am in the friend zone " than chilling with a bitch while she on her period.'
b"nothing's sexier than a girl who will make the first move every now and then."
b'nothing tests the love of your dogs more than coming home at 0100 in the morning & finding cold dog puke over the bed face with medical mask'
b'nothing wakes me up better than chemical reaction rates and nuclear chemistry. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"i'll just talk to twitter bc these ppl actually like me"
b"in lord's name - bangalore mirror"
b'not interested to fall in love again for this time i want enjoy with my life'
b"not jealous at all that all these ppl are posting how much fun they're having at college while im still stuck in high school"
b'not knowing what to text back, but not wanting the conversation to end.'
b"not leaving manchester until i've found something nice to wear.. i will look like a lady"
b'long ago i threw my favorite people, i still love favorite'
b'not long til we finish yay... tired after late working day yesterday'
b'looking forward to loudly crying face'
b'not many people actually get caught for trafficking in south africa, but two policemen there want to change it.'
b'kids know just what to say to comfort you'
b'o this past weekend was good smile'
b'perfect free is da best way to be man bob cnt blaze ths go round'
b'playing around more'
b"not real excited to go to bed... when i wake up in the morning i'll no longer be in my 20s loudly crying face weary face"
b'not really clear on why more people do not make fun of me for being such a weird fucking body. nothing i wear looks quiiiiiite right'
b'really familiar with tweeting,, just would love for my son to meet or see chris brown'
b'really gud knwing you sharin ur man hey i wil beat the heck out of you'
b"not really lmaoo it's actually fun & you could express your feelings here smiling face with halo"
b'really *runs off to play ps3 *'
b'not really the going out, party type person but cowboys was sooooo fun last night.'
b'real sure about morton starting tomorrow night i am a big do not mess with the chemistry thing i will be rooting him on though'
b'not remembering where i set my drink down must be the same feeling parents have when they lose their four year old at the mall.'
b'school today... thank you god!. xx'
b'not speaking is definitely what i had planned today.'
b'speaking to you unless you following'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy " we are dressing the same for halloween.'
b'not sure if i hate or love that were doing the same exact thing in geometry that we are in algebra'
b"not sure if i'll be able to top that holiday, so unbelievably amazing. ecstatic to be back home."
b'not sure if i am sexy and i know it or i am ugly and i ignore it'
b'not sure if my house is creaking for its own personal house reason or i am about to be murdered.'
b'not telling me something because you " did not want to piss me off " is probably the best way to piss me off'
b'i love how all you think i do is study face with tears of joy can not help that i am passing my classes smiling face with sunglasses'
b'not that it was ever great but? miss when i could sleep at 2am'
b'not ticking much off that list sat wading through my emails.. however i might just win tickets to a gig on my birthday'
b'not to alarm anybody but dami im is performing at chadstone at 6:45 and i am so so so keen'
b'not to brag but when i push it, i push it real good.'
b"not to brag or anything, but like 98% of the orgasms i've had in my life have been handmade."
b'not to put any pressure on you two, but i am really not gonna be happy if you two broke up lol and'
b'not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action then a white crayon.'
b'not wearing makeup feels incredible, until you open your phone and the front camera is on.'
b'not your fault tim. i blocked him as well after i was stupid enough to fall for it! he wants money from us!'
b'sorry sorry face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'november is like the thursday of the year'
b'now a 45 minute private. my day just got so much better smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'nowadays " cool " means " i really do not care " " sick " means " awesome " and " i love you " does not mean anything.'
b'nowadays you gotta hide the toothpaste so your wife will not go out and talk to other dudes.'
b"nowadays you say a compliment and you're considered a stalker. btw nice ass"
b'now for a day at trethorne with a 6 and 2 year old, fun.'
b'now i can be the last of all my straight and gay friends to get married!'
b'now i can not go back to sleep, and on top of that i was up till 3 thank you again wku. your the real mvp'
b'now i have to study for my sociology test tomorrow... ha fun.'
b'now i have to try and focus in class'
b'now i have to wait till she gets off work disappointed but relieved face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'now i am off to my wonderful job till 9:45'
b'now i am on a goddamn wait list for a cmp class that was empty at the time i was supposed to register.'
b'now laughing at myself for saying i could memorize 300 bones and take the test early.'
b'now my throat is scratchy and in covered in hives and i do not have an epi pen weary face weary face weary face'
b'no work till monday... awesome'
b'now playing : kill em with kindness by listen live at'
b'now that i am done killing myself in chem lab i get to kill myself in bio lab next semester good'
b"now that i've wasted my one day off this week with video games and food, one day off to six days working isn't enough ;_ ;"
b"now that's a great way to cap of the night"
b"now they're blasting yeah yeah yeah"
b'now to stay up or sleep for another half hour'
b'now we go to the shootout. " did you enjoy your test drive in the ferrari? great! here\'s the keys to your ford escort. "'
b'now what about the others? face with tears of joy'
b'now why would you snapchat me that photo if ur gonna put it in your story'
b"no yeah spill soda on my bed kids, that's okay with me unamused face"
b'no, you can not wait to completely miss the point and remain ignorant of history.'
b'no, you do not have " haters ". people just do not like you. get over yourself.'
b"let's change the weather by a world tax and after scientists/insiders get there share, we redistribute the wealth to poor"
b'*nudges husband awake at 4 am* me : do you like me him : i married you me : yes but did you marry me as a friend, or like, a wife? unclear'
b'yeah but i get actual points for reading & summarizing a couple of chapters in ht lie.'
b"mrs may, as a very capable leader please take care of the leadership position you will get today when the 'opposition' dies!"
b'nursing school has sucked all of the joy out of my life and destroyed my soul. good college.'
b"i put a pulse ox and an nclex book on my mom's amazon for my christmas list"
b"it's not like i had to shut my door or anything..."
b'nvm nvm. lemme attempt to go back to sleep'
b'nyancu : my parents bought me a new bed! good ^_ ^. korilakkuma is sitting there awkward until i can get'
b"nyquil gives me the most f 'ed up dreams"
b'but is there a way to see his tax returns...'
b'destroyed the country and pretends to be victim! do not let the door hit you on the way out.'
b'how well i know as a former teacher and do teachers have a say in this? no.'
b'i hope this is true. if the candidate i support is in debt (like the rest of us ) it gives me even more reason to vote for him.'
b'i am sure the rioters are on their way to riot for justice for this guy and his grieving family.'
b"when you lost your fighting edge then it's time to lie like a trump"
b'propaganda on demand is what the western world already have when it switch on the tv'
b'really? then tell him to take his tattooed body to euro and be a backup qb there for a wfl team. what a dork!'
b'rip nyt. if nothing else comes out of this election, at least we all know where not to find facts.'
b'are you out of the trump bashing so y have 2 bring up old news. i have an idea, y do not you act like true reporters not biased ones'
b'that explains the leftist tendencies of europe and brain damage'
b'thats like giving the key to a bank to a bank robber unreal'
b'there run by democrat teachers union who care nothing about children'
b"they bit off more than they can chew it's called bad management"
b"we points papers to write about failing you have not been to a new song and the first place swears he's class college is losing hard"
b'what is the problem? i for one see a better simpler time... i wish i was born back then'
b'why would any woman w self esteem support that moron'
b'guys you are funny'
b'i wet myself at primary school waiting for a teacher to let me go to the bathroom.'
b'obsessed, depressed at the same time.'
b'obtuse... i flunked geometry " i fucking love hairspray'
b'obvi getting things done'
b'dude mrs miles the best algebra 2 teacher ever'
b': when boys dm you and are constantly asking for pics unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face " ugh i feel ya face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"i never go out anymore, this used to be good when smith's bar & still looks classy/dark"
b'can you take me out of class one day? add me on the snap: mike7meekhof'
b'oc shit pretty fun but i just wish there werent so many fags over there'
b': if you\'re not on my snapchat you\'re missing out. "'
b'o everyone who fucked me over thanks cause you all turned out to be really fucking trash but thanks for the favor kissing face with closed eyes'
b'of course, i absolutely love being wide awake knowing i have school in less than 6 hours'
b'of course i can keep a secret. its the people i tell it to who cant'
b'of course i have the earliest appointment at the dmv and the computers crashed last night'
b"of course i am scheduled the hours we're gonna be busy the most lovely i am gonna have a great weekend sad"
b'of course liverpool would win it with a penalty!'
b'of course morning sex is better. you have not spent the day annoying the crap out of each other yet.'
b'ofcourse the books i need for class would be sold out'
b"of course the fire alarm would go off as the lecture is about to start and it's raining outside face with cold sweat"
b'of course the night i actually get things done in time to get 6 hours of sleep, i am not tired and can not fall asleep.'
b'of course women have cleaner minds than men. they change them so damn often.'
b'officially registered for spring classes with no classes on fridays smiling face with sunglasses'
b'there is a lot of great talent this year love it'
b'i am hoping to buy a harness before the end of the month face savouring delicious food not brought nothing like that before but really want one'
b'off to bed. mom said i can not skip math classes anymore just because i want to come home and sleep'
b'off to dc for the amp -t2d meeting - 8 am shuttle from boston. nothing like waking up before dawn'
b'off to graft, i love 2 till 10 me'
b'off to school i go... good'
b'off to soccer practice, could hell week be any more fun'
b'off to the anesthesiologist for more injections into my back. fun fun'
b'off to the dentist so i am missing a bit of school good'
b'off to try to sleep. 5 am wake up to hit the road. can not wait for saturday smile hoping for strong'
b'off work. time to go far for light armor on destiny so i can do the raid. hope my luck of the drops does me well today'
b'oh " actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you would not care how i feel anyway, lol yeah'
b'oh and the ex texted me today... that was fun'
b'oh and good work directly after all my classes'
b'oh a spider. you are tiny. i am a great big person. i am a grown up. i can handle this. you are tiny. i am a great big pe - omg it moved!'
b'oh boy, i can not wait to enjoy this latest (4th?) republican debate *cough* lie *cough*'
b'oh boy i am so excited for school 2day'
b'oh chrome, you so special when testing with selenium.'
b'oh damn, no more jersey shore.'
b': " ) oheeeem! " : can not wait to be with the bestfriends "'
b'oh elephants moved in upstairs'
b'oh em gee maybe i should change my header now'
b'oh em gee good i have an 8am lab again'
b'oh! flava flaves on! there he is with his clock! " -mom paying attention to me while we talk on the phone'
b'oh great, another shooting, thank you for these to protect ourselves'
b'oh great cthulhu please keep ignoring me & the human race & please please please stat asleep but if you do wake up eat me first pray'
b"oh great! it's only going to take an hour to restore my phone. good thing i do not have class in 30 minutes... right?"
b'oh great. my head exploded again'
b"oh great, one and half hour's sleep for a full working day and then travelling up north. how fun."
b"oh, headache how i've missed you"
b'oh hey allergies. nice to see you.'
b"oh hey it's raining in greenville. what a huge surprise!?"
b'oh hey, let me talk to another dentist about our kids field trips while i poke the shit outta your mouth! " i love the dentist.'
b'oh hey my favorite song'
b'ohhhh boo my heart is breaking bc i am losing followers face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"ohhhhh man today's gonna be awesome"
b'ohhhhh what a way to start my wednesday morning...'
b'ohhh how i love work'
b'ohhh your what a senior and your fighting with a sophomore? man bet you feel like a bad ass! i know i would!'
b"oh how i 3 rtn's"
b'oh how i enjoy waking up to my nose bleeding...'
b'oh how i just love being the only girl in the class!'
b'oh how i love being a klutz worry'
b'oh how i love being wide awake at 4:30am pouting face'
b'oh how i love getting home from work at 3am and my house being dirty'
b'oh how i love getting lost in bridgeport smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh how i love getting up at 4 for clinicals weary face'
b'oh how i love playing phone tag'
b'oh how i love the sound of screaming babies in the morning... afternoon and evening'
b'oh how i love those jerks out there!'
b'oh how i love walking home in pouring rain.'
b'oh how i missed proofs.'
b"oh how i've missed being back in school with nice people"
b"oh how i've missed buses"
b'ohh the people who get to quit their jobs when they go back to school.. what a tough life'
b"ohh you've been in a relationship for 2 weeks? now i understand how you're in love. silly me."
b'oh i can not get ios 8 on my 4? cool'
b'oh i can not lie baby yeah you fine'
b'oh, i did not tell you? must have been none of your business.'
b'oh i have a great idea how about i get into a relationship with someone while i am trying to work things out with my ex lol'
b'oh i just love it when people come to work sick. i can not wait to get bronchitis too.'
b'oh i just love thumb/nerve damage/slight carpal tunnel when i have to weite all day and then write some more to do homework...'
b'oh i love foggy mornings'
b'oh i love people from joplin!'
b'oh i am glad my insurance company really supports their members pouting face'
b'oh i am so glad my sister hates me'
b'oh, i am sorry. i did not realize you were an expert on my life and how i should live it. lease continue while i take notes.'
b"oh i am so tired it's midnight and i just finished all my homework i am gonna be exhausted tomorrow goodnight i love troye"
b'oh i offended you with my opinion? you should hear the ones i keep to myself.'
b'i jokingly told my mom that i crossed the road careless hoping to get hit with a car for money and she gave me a lecture weary face'
b"oh it's raining in england. what a fucking surprise"
b'oh i would love to go to the hall meeting instead of watching not a problem at all. so glad we have an active hall council'
b"oh jesus, of course any intervention could lead to full combat. let's cash the president... that's helpful"
b"oh looking forward to finding out about how much schoolwork i've missed from the last week"
b'ohman class picture day next tuesday this should be fun'
b'oh man didnt see that coming'
b"oh man it's gunna feel so good in my car nice and cozy black leather seats! grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'oh man, i wish i was as big of a suck up like youuuu'
b"oh monday. you've treated me well."
b'oh my favorite time of year is coming around again...'
b'ohmygod are you kidding me... this day just keeps getting better and better..'
b"oh my god has anyone realised that knocking on people's doors is basically punching their house until they let you in"
b'oh my god is so much fun. was getting burnt out playing smite, this game is actually the goat'
b'oh my god, you are so damn cool!'
b'oh my gosh i miss high school so much loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'oh my gosh! my heart just exploded in tiny pieces. this is great and great on the eyes'
b'oh my gosh youre friends with older people thats so sick everyone wants to hear about it'
b'oh my he looks so excited my brain is hurting'
b"oh my! i can not wait for the social media discussion that's about to begin about what are the worst uniforms in nfl history."
b'oh my i didnt know promises were meant to be kept -. -'
b'oh my... jersey shore is on its last season... i think i need a tissue lol'
b'oh my word! that did not just happen! great someone is having right good laugh surely'
b"oh no, it's okay. i would love to just sit around waiting in financial aid all day because its not like i have anything else to do"
b'oh no new texts? what a surprise!'
b'oh noo, i can not drink anymore for the day. no more drinks please!'
b'oh now i am coughing up blood. bronchitis is so fun smile'
b"oh now she's not a racist. bitch glad you dead."
b'oh no you hurt my feelings face with tears of joy'
b'oh ok " actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i will not tell you because you would not care how i feel anyway.'
b'oh ok lol well injections are fun to give depending how old the person is or if they are scared of needles'
b"oh ok so i bought wifi and my netflix still will not work with it that's cool"
b'oh please stalk me, crazy ass'
b"oh seminars... how i've missed you \xf0\x9f\x93\x9d\xf0\x9f\x93\x9c"
b'oh she tweeted... yeah yeah she must be the icon for feminism now.'
b'oh sick thanks for the unfollow'
b'oh, so you can tweet but you can not reply to my text message.'
b"oh, so you're a model? that toilet in the background of all your pictures looks fabulous."
b'oh = stop talking to me. k = i am done talking. whatever = fuck you. fine = fuck it. i guess = i do not give a fuck.'
b'oh thank god, got canceled so i no longer have a need to pay for cable. thanks for saving me money e!'
b'oh thanks for the bb spoiler alert. bye frankie sad to see you head off to the jury house'
b'oh the joys of emulation on the laptop'
b"oh the joys of having to use campus wifi when you're trying to actually do something productive."
b'oh the places you will go...'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\xb9oh, these \xf0\x9f\x99\x8dbitches out here think i am " worried " about them. bitch, if you do not beat it... i ain\'t losing \xf0\x9f\x9a\xabno sleep over you hoes \xf0\x9f\x98\xb4\xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"oh the weather in wildomar is wonderful isn't it."
b'oh this is a great class'
b'oh those dreams are the best.. -__ -'
b'oh you can ride ur bike with no hands? your so impressive'
b"oh well. i'd really have to care about these classes to legit get upset over missing them lol. more to life la"
b'oh well. no sense in getting upset about it'
b'oh what a joy it is to be home'
b'oh what a lovely day this has been smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh what a lovely smell of marijuana walking to my car.'
b"oh what a surprise it's raining again! \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'oh what a surprise'
b"oh wow broken up 4 days and you've moved on already, thanks, do not feel like shit at all."
b'oh wow, do not i feel loved?! not in the mood for this day! bleh!'
b'oh wow i can not sleep what a surprise like this is so weird and unusual'
b'oh wow i am in a fantastic mood! \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b'oh wow welcome back migraine, i missed not having you for the past 2 hours.'
b'oh yaaaaaa love this shit'
b'oh ya know just hanging out in my driveway looking for the big dipper smile'
b'oh ya that was a smart choice by you'
b'oh good i have only 6 hours of school tomorrow instead of 8 ^. ^'
b"oh yay, it's pouring down again!"
b'oh yay, surprise final in my micro lab smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'oh yea great birthday so far'
b"oh yeah a few days ago i caught my dad blasting bangtan's tomorrow while people were sleeping sad except for me ofc"
b'oh yeah and blasting powwow in the office because its just me and secretary here'
b'oh yeah, and just after " dangerous " was green day\'s " basket case, " so that was also cool smile'
b'oh yeah bestfrr!'
b'oh yeah is one month old :'
b'oh yeah holy shit what a feeling by 1d is probably the greatest song ever'
b"oh yeah i ain't gone lie you did though lmao yeah you made me work"
b'oh yeah, i definitely wanted to stand outside the bus for ten minutes waiting in the cold.'
b'oh yeah i forgot that only one person can like a certain artist. no one else'
b'oh yeah i have a twitter account now follow if you want to see drawings and other things smile'
b'oh yeah smile i love being wide awake at 4:00 am when i have to be up at 7:30:---))))))))'
b'oh yeah, i love coming home to arguments smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes this is the life'
b"oh yeah, it's a joy worth sharing with the world!"
b"oh yeah i've got something to tell you guys."
b'oh yeah i woke up at 7am because my roommate was blasting atc - all around the world and i told him to turn it off'
b'oh yeah. keep blasting call me maybe on the bus.'
b'oh yeah so about that chromdachi amv'
b'oh yeah these look like 4 people who hate each other to me unamused face'
b'oh yeah this happened in the lefties osu chat'
b'oh yeah went to the hobby store they added uss new york and no one has still bought the ijn musashi'
b"oh yeah, you're such a badass blasting earned it on your phone's speakers from the back of the bus."
b'oh yes sen orin hatch is going to inspire me to give to the'
b'oh you better not pout. you better not cry. you better not shout i am telling you why. nobody gives a fuck.'
b'oh you do not go to younglife on monday nights?! your mondays must be so great...'
b'oh, you hate facebook? thanks for sharing that information with me on facebook'
b'oh you know... just having some anxiety before my exam smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes great'
b"oh, you lost your phone and it's on silent? that's too bad. if you liked it then you should've put a ring on it."
b'oh you miss me? i can tell by the way you ignore me.'
b'oh your account is protected? what the fuck do you tweet? nuclear launch codes?'
b'oh, you think you have relationship problems? try separating me from my bed in the morning'
b'oh youve been on your period for 4 months? lol ok wait another month before we can get you into the doctors. have fun " - my doctor.'
b"okay = everything's cool. okay = you make no sense. okay = you're creepy. okay = i do not care. okay = i am so pissed off."
b'//okay, i have a 75 in the class. in order to get a b -, i need to get an 87 + on the next exam... great.'
b'okay im gonna attempt to catch up on sleep goodnight i love harry and all my mutuals but especially tori \xf0\x9f\x8d\x93\xf0\x9f\x8f\xb5'
b"okay i am gonna get some sleep and attempt to wake back up for jimmy kimmel but it's doubtful"
b"okay it's 2:15 and i've been awake since 7 and had a v busy and great day that i could not be more thankful for ++"
b'okay katie. get off facebook and twitter and instagram and actually do your work..'
b'okay " means you\'re in the clear. " k " means you\'re better off not coming home.'
b'okay mom how did you know i did not want to stop at stripes?!'
b'okay seriously... who came up with the name suntrust park for the new braves stadium?'
b'okay so i told myself i was not going to like red bull ever. yea i still do not enjoy drinking it but i am addicted smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'okay someone take one for the team and travel the world with me'
b'okay thanks for thinking about it sis. bringing up bill will piss me off. hopefully the ending is defeating bill and home.'
b"the doctors see she isn't waking up and they hook her up to machines to keep her alive. the doctor tells you -"
b'ok. blood sugar at 62, a few points higher than a half hour ago. maybe i can get a few hours sleep.'
b"ok cool laptop's at 38% and my charger burnt me thats fun"
b'ok finished my test so i am outta here great gatsby can eat my ass'
b'ok i love melissa but i got homework to do show the boys'
b"ok im being honest here if someone gets me jb tickets i will freaking love you and get a's in all my freaking classes just pleaseeeeeeeeeeee"
b'ok im going to attempt to sleep thank you again for calling me im still not over it ok goodnight kids'
b'ok i am gonna attempt to sleep now but i just wanna say that is a huge sweetheart who deserves good things happening to her'
b'ok i need to beat up the upstairs neighbors why do they walk like elephants'
b'ok i should get back cleaning my room lol'
b'ok i\'ve drank like 3 bottles of this " no more tears " shampoo but it still has not worked'
b"ok look, if i meet you for a date and you do not look anything like your pic, then you're buying drinks for me until you do."
b'so as he never ever cheats again'
b".. ok now it's canceled thanks for the reminder!"
b'ok so i only have to work 8 days in a row instead of 9 days. that makes me feel so much better...'
b'ok so please stalk me guys (?) cause i already replied all of those old mentions sobs'
b"ok yeah annalise is gonna get shot on purpose. dang that's seeing a lie through"
b'ok yeah now the one that got away is blasting and i am going to cry'
b'ok yea i am gonna finish the beginners section of french and attempt some more korean alphabet so i can cry myself to sleep xoxo'
b'old friend : " we need to hang out. " me : " yeah. we do. "... never happens'
b'old : never take candy from strangers. new : never click links from strangers.'
b'old smuts today at work were arguing which insurance plan was the best. sometimes i prefer the young smuts and their thot stories.'
b'we do not grow them in se mn. kind of miss them.'
b"we're offering sushi classes on campus 4 students! message 4 more info. we'd love to head to oxford!"
b'you do not love me no more. i shall text you this weekend after i get off work smiling face with halo'
b'i feel your pain hehehe'
b'olly riley is so original with his tweets'
b': i really love my college, my teachers love me and i made so many new friends. sparkles "'
b'omfg auckland. do not rain on me. my hair is the perfect level of casually styled.'
b'omfg i have 0 classes on fridays in spring loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'omfg, i am sick of ppl at this stage now... can not i just be left alone sad without being annoyed about some1 i love sm sad xxx'
b'omfg i was so wasted i shaved one leg loudly crying face'
b'omfg has not seen oliver and company wtf is this fixing this right now my most favorite disney movie ever ahhhhhhhhhhhhh'
b"omg all these annoying 1d and jb fans arguing about who's best get off ma homepage"
b'omg best day ever smile'
b'omg can not wait to sit in a class room for 6 hours on thursday and take a test!'
b'omg congrats to my friend for scoring the lead role in the school musical! i can not wait to see it!'
b'omg dont you hate when people try to nominate themselves for homecoming, definitely not getting my vote raised hand unamused face'
b'omg can not wait for your video! it looks awesome. and bruce is too sweet with the concern meow when you cough smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e\xf0\x9f\x8c\x9e omg hi it was fun working with you this summer, butttt hmu \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'omg : how to play oceans on the drums'
b'omg i do not have school omg joy'
b'omg i just overheard a little girl say a moth is just like a butterfly except its ugly face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy what the fuck'
b'omg i just realized theyre called pancakes because theyre like cakes but you cook them wait for it in a pan'
b"omg i just think you're so hot if you put so much dip in your mouth that you look like a chipmunk \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'omg i love school so much'
b"crescent moon omg i love when i get to see you in the hallway and you're really funny and i wish we had classes together loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"omg i luv friends that disappear when they get into relationships it's seriously my favorite thing ever."
b'omg i only shaved one leg'
b'omg its raining what a surprise'
b'omg look at her face...'
b'omg crying about how great his mom is my heart just exploded'
b'omg is following me i am dyyyyyiiiinnng...'
b'omgomg can not wait for school tomorrow! smile'
b'omg is the best, he lowkey kept on giving me sour patch kids during algebra raised fist'
b"omg this is freaky! have 8 beers & 3 shots, go to your phone the next day, press 'recently dialed ' & the name of your crush will appear!"
b'omg this is me but with mopping & cleaning my room most of the time'
b"omg this is so freaky! have 8 beers & 3 shots, go to your phone the next day, press 'recently dialed ' & the name of your crush will appear!"
b'omg you finally 18 qua. i am so proud of you &what you are becoming dont let nobody stop you from doin u. i love you gf. hpbd'
b'omg ur so kewl smoking dat kush'
b'omg woke up to see this. you just made my day great! thanx smiling face with smiling eyes love them sooo much'
b'omg good is pouring weary face finally catch some sleep'
b'omg you had a party and your snapping how your casa got trashed &tweeting about the cops being called. can i please be as cool as you?'
b'omg you look so much better when you do not wear your glasses. " well you look better when i do not wear my glasses too.'
b'what a set of lucky tossers. real madrid shittin themselves'
b'on a drunkness scale of 1 to david hasselhoff, i plan on getting amy winehouse tonight.'
b"on a hot day, you'll wind up having to smell tit sweat as you wear it."
b'on a more positive note, first driving lesson today! watch out, i am on the road mofos'
b'on another note, i had a great weekend despite the rain that kept on pouring'
b'on another note i love my boyfriend going out at 10pm to get me allergy meds smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'on a scale of 1 to america how free are you tonight?'
b'on a scale of fake pockets to nachos how good is your idea'
b'on a side note i walked by a girl who literally drew her eyebrows on with sharpie in the bathroom'
b'once a homewrecker always a homewrecker... married'
b'once i called my darling when he was in the hospital & his heart rate went insane & the doctors were so confused. so in love.'
b'once i get this new room setup, our schedule will go back to normal. i promise. stream is canceled for today. thanks for being patient sad 3'
b'once i put on my headphones, my life becomes a music video.'
b"once i've stolen enough rubber bands to complete my rubber band ball, i am so quitting this stupid job."
b'once you hate someone, everything they do is annoying. " look at this bitch, eating those crackers like she owns the place. "'
b'once you learn to shift your focus on the positive and whats important, good shit starts to happen and i love that shit.'
b"once your number is deleted from my phone, you're dead to me bitch bye."
b'once you start to dislike someone. everything they do begins to annoy you.'
b'once you start wearing leggings as pants theres not really any going back'
b"once you tell your mom what someone did to you there's no going back"
b"once you turn 21, you can finally legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15."
b'one and a half hour left to sleep haih fuck this assignment nights'
b"one day, i'll be okay, i'll be cool, i'll be successful, i'll reach all my dreams and prove them that i can do what they think i can't."
b"one day i'll be to busy to and that day will b the best day of my life sorry!"
b'one day im going to be too lazy to breathe and just die'
b"one day i might just change all of my passwords to 'women ' since nobody can seem to figure them out."
b'one day my fridge will take revenge on me by opening my bedroom door every half hour, staring at me for a few minutes and then leave.'
b'one day, people are gonna write songs about the nap i am about to take.'
b'one day, someone is going to hug you so tight, all your broken pieces will go right back together'
b'one day someone will walk into ur life and make you see why it never worked out with anyone else'
b"one day there will be little mini me's running around, half me and half of the person i love and thinking of that makes me really happy."
b"one day you'll wake up at 11:30 am on a sunday with the love of your life and you'll make some coffee and pancakes and it'll all be alright"
b"one day you're going to wake up and realize that you should've tried. i was worth the fight"
b'ur pretty no matter what you look like!'
b"thank you guys for adding summer love. that's one of my favourite songs by you people."
b'one direction was amazing tonight! i wish it would never end! thank you &'
b"when the fire alarm goes off in the middle of school so you and ur friends decide it's the perfect chonce to learn"
b'one high school coach can make you hate everything about the sport that you fell in love with as a kid and that is so depressing to me'
b'one mans " annoying female " is another mans " damn baby where you been all my life. " remember that.'
b"one minute you hate his guts next minute he's in your guts, life changes fast."
b"one minute you're eating fajitas & enjoying a marg and the next you're covered in hives."
b"one. more. class. that's all that's standing between me and break can not wait"
b'one more hour and i am out of here love my job but i need my day off tomorrow free friday for me'
b'one more thing on my list... a little tv time then bed. today was a busy but great day \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'one of my classes got cancelled today good lol'
b'one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing half way through how much you enjoy them and their existence'
b'one of my favorite holiday traditions is fixing coffee punch using folgers coffee. we usually have brunch on'
b"one of my favorite things about being short is probably when i wear yoga pants and walk outside when it's wet and they're soaked."
b"one of my favorite things about my state is we actually have a mountain named mount disappointment. it's currently on fire."
b'one of my favorite things is getting in my car and finding a thousand giant ants crawling around in it.'
b'one of my kids i babysit left for school and i said " have a good day! " and he said " love you!... oh wait, thought you were my mom sorry " \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'one of the advantages of being a man is that chocolate does not control you. disadvantage : sex does. relevant : chocolate is easier to get.'
b'one of the best feelings is knowing exactly what you want because you will not allow yourself to settle for anything less'
b'one of the fake rooms at ikea should just be a couple fighting as they try to put the furniture together'
b'one of the greatest joys of teaching is working without getting paid.'
b'one of them moments where i rather be left alone. or be around some love.'
b'one of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.'
b'one of the saddest days of my life was when i heard that bears sleep for half the year and i realized i had been born the wrong species'
b'one of these days i will have beautiful golden bronzed skin face with tears of joy'
b'one of these nasty fucks next to me smell like an open milk chocolate bar thats been in the car on a hot day and you accidentally step on it'
b'one of the things i hate about high school are the people that walk so damn slow in front of me fuck you walk faster thanks'
b'one of the toughest parts of adulthood is figuring out how to stay friends with people who post too many selfies'
b"one of those days where i feel particularly blessed to have clinicals in you of m's emergency room... i love it there so much"
b'one of those slpless nyts n only a certain sum1 does this to me relieved face interested i wana slp'
b"one step closer i've died everyday waiting for you darling do not be afraid i've loved you for a thousand years i'll love you for a thousand more"
b'one thing i hate about - addicting as all hell & i do not read as much. geez - i must prioritize my time more effectively'
b'one time i asked some girl what she was thinking. by the time she finished her thought we had 2 children.'
b'one time i put my phone in my pocket and did not take it out for like almost 5 minutes.'
b'one time i smashed my face into the keyboard and accidentally wrote the 4th twilight book.'
b'one time the fire alarm in my building went off and it was raining'
b'on everything i love when i see people let their kids cough n sneeze n not tell em cover their mouth'
b'one week away from seeing'
b"ong my legs aren't hurting anymore! i wonder if i got any taller omg i am excited"
b'online shopping gives me a reason to live for another 3-5 business days'
b'only 100 years to wait'
b'only 118 years to wait for the gender pay gap to be closed :'
b'only 24 hours left to vote for favorite male artist pop rock at the be sure to rt to rock ur vote!'
b'only 2hrs & 20 min left! good'
b'only 4 classes on my fridays! good'
b"only 8 years to wait then, let's hope is are prepared to wait."
b'only 90s kids will remember this : *plays outside *'
b'only a lab report, 2 papers, an extra credit assignment, and a case study due before thanksgiving break yay? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"only at central would someone pull the fire alarm before school starts when it's raining out"
b"only at clements will the fire alarm go off when it's 50 degrees outside and raining"
b'only at midd north will a kid pull the fire alarm when it\'s raining outside " -middletown h s north'
b'only girl i want right now, unfortunately loves someone else... gunna lie.'
b'only going to one class i am exhausted'
b'only got a half hour of sleep last night confused face'
b'only i can be complaining that i am tired all day, but yet still will be awake at 4. 20am with a 9am looming over me. good insomnia!'
b'only if i could change my clothes faster than my whatsapp status i would be in a relationship.'
b'only i would wear cowboy boots to school in north philly. i will clearly fit in perfectly face with tears of joy'
b"only joking, i am just bitter, we'd love to be there causing carnage and getting up to our usual drunken debauchery! have a shit time guys weary face"
b'only kids count sheep to fall asleep. count your debts, your mistakes, your heartache and cry yourself to sleep like a grownup.'
b"only know you've been high when you're feeling low only hate the road when you're missing home only know you love her when you let her go"
b'only my computer would restart in the middle of a test'
b'only night off was last night and it was ruined thank god'
b'only one more hour and i get to go back to class guyssss! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xe2\x9c\x8f\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'only part of the group is on a suicide mission ; the others want to live for more missions. so they dont want to get caught.'
b'only reason i love being up early smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'only reason i am glad i did not pick kids up from school :3 yo flooded school bathroom, soaked his clothes and was covered in wet toilet paper'
b"only shaved one leg, completely forgot the other... so that's how my days going."
b'only shaved one leg in the shower. cool.'
b'only shaved one leg today :((( i forgot to do the other one i am a mess'
b'only taking 4 classes (and the ihsa club team ) next semester! i am really excited about my schedule and fridays off!'
b'only thing that does suck is that i am 9 on the wait list for my math class'
b'only time my tweets get any love is when kelsey gets off work and just likes them all'
b"only trust people who have strong pinkies. they've never broken a promise."
b'only trust people who like big butts... they can not lie.'
b'only waking up from stamina now face with tears of joy defo need to go doctors'
b'only way to cure anxiety is to cry'
b'only when the ipod/ipad screen cracks do me and sister realize that we need a case and screen protectors for them'
b'only your best friend understands that when you say " i saw my boyfriend today " you are referring to the hot guy that has no clue you exist.'
b'loudly crying face loudly crying face on my life " : pretty sure half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao. "'
b'on my way to school'
b'on my way to test drive my new car. grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x9a\x98'
b'on my way to therapy. already feeling slightly nervous due to the traffic. thank you, tlv.'
b'on some real shit i do not like that girl w her man lookin ass... wish she woulda hopped in this'
b"on the 12/21/12 people will be making rapture jokes like there's no tomorrow."
b'on the bus so boring'
b'on the fact that you can have sex now.'
b"on the flip side, i get to spend my entire week my bff, even though we'll both be working \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"on the internet you can be whoever you want. it's odd to me that so many choose to be stupid."
b"on tonights episode of watch the cast of our big gay road trip try on eleanor's clothes"
b'ooh lala - i 3 chocolate mousse! tried my allergy friendly version yet? i love your feedback on my blog so'
b'oooh man i am so fine.. i have electricity! not just that i have internet! thats how lucky i am right now'
b'oooh, that\'s a bit too harsh. let me put " lol " at the end of it.'
b'oooooh, that\'s a bit too harsh. let me put " lol " at the end of it.'
b'ooooo i love a good sneeze'
b'oops, sorry. i dropped that fuck i was about to give.'
b"opening your cabinet, seeing there's about to be an avalanche of stuff falling, and quickly closing it for the next person to deal with."
b'opinions are like assholes : some people make money by posting them on the internet.'
b'opps damn autocorrect on that last tweet lmao'
b'you should ask how many shelters the he is making off innocent donators is actually going to help animals'
b'or at least bring me a fag! in need of a smoke \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b"ordered a new tv from & after waiting 3 days & paying for express delivery i am excited it's here unamused face"
b"have you noticed most people in prison are democrats bill i think it's the end of america god bless us"
b'this is a good one bill, someone has a god problem...'
b"why isn't anyone questioning how come the russians are providing email facts that we can not seem to get thru legal means?"
b'orgy was going well until i realized it was an intervention'
b'orientation friday. first day saturday.. bro i am about to do nothing but work and homework this weekend.'
b"i've seen no stories of cards fans nearly killing fans of other teams. there are jerks, but most of us just love baseball."
b"or one could go to sleep and attempt to forget everything. it still works, just not all the time and it's harder"
b'orrrrrrrrr you can wait longer and watch me work out and get sweaty and panting splashing sweat symbol then kill me'
b'sit your fucking ass on the bench or get out of my club.'
b'osteo time, this is going to be fun!'
b"other day someone tweeted they hate moms who drop the kid of at daycare and go back to bed. but on my day off that's me. i deserve bihh"
b'other people : wow what a perfect morning for a run! me : wow what a perfect morning to go the fuck back to sleep.'
b"other than a frigid start we're in for some great days with lots of sunshine. rain could return by the weekend"
b'i agree. similarly, cycling home in the wind was no fun until it also started to rain heavily.'
b'our brain makes us see ourselves 5x more attractive than we actually are. " well fuck -_-'
b'our bring on the men class was so much fun tonight! these guys killed it! we can not wait for the next one! \xf3\xbe\xad\x9e \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xf3\xbe\x8c\xb5'
b'our cat would absolutely love to just be left alone to shred up an entire newspaper right now'
b'our first date night is tonight! can not wait to get sweaty with all of you! who is joining?'
b'our future should not be used to fulfil the greed of our present.'
b"our generation does not knock on doors... we'll call or text you, so you know we're outside."
b"our kids biggest challenge will be to find a username that's not already taken."
b'our kids will go to a middle school dance w/ the theme " the 2010\'s " and they\'ll wear leggings w/ ugg boots and twerk to call me maybe'
b'our neighbors either move furniture every night or have really weird sex for the bed to hit the wall the way it does///:'
b'our parents need to understand that our generation is way different than theirs'
b'our power went out & i was in the shower & i only shaved one leg loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b"our relationship isn't easy, we're not perfect, but i am willing to work my ass off for us to last."
b'our young talent are still being talked about in the press love it!'
b'out now! head over to itunes to pick up a copy of live like a legend'
b'out of all my body parts, i am sure my eyes are in the best shape. i do at least 463 eye rolls a day.'
b'out of all the people to work with today... thank you, thank you so much'
b'over 80% of people retweet a tweet to secretly send someone a message.'
b"oversleeping for my 9 o 'clock class and chapel, then waking up with a huge migraine..."
b'oversleeping is my favorite!'
b'overtime starts again next week and just send it too him in the mail but do not tell him its going to be a surprise smile'
b'overwhelming stress and anxiety makes for a great day persevering face'
b'one more year and you will have to stop that...'
b'to worry. obama is going to hit them with his purse.'
b'pachinko companies : you have to throw shit as high as possible hoping in the way down it will fall in the right spot'
b'packing is so much fun!'
b'packing is so much fun expressionless face'
b"that makes sense, dumb cute might be the stupidest thing i've ever heard of"
b'paige comes into my room and sits on my bed and silently does homework and i love that she just comes and sits with me \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b': took a shower 3 hours ago and my hair is still wet... cool " when i take a shower at 8pm and wake up with wet hair unamused face expressionless face'
b'pain has taught me to appreciate the things that do not hurt.'
b'good for being up with the birds. next stop for me is the and tiffanie!'
b'pandas already have 2 bia\xc3\xa7k eyes which makes punching them in the face almost impossible to prove.'
b'panic attacks are my favorite confounded face'
b'on top of that he say he gone run all over our (panther defense ) in week 4'
b'parenthood is 50% arranging nice things for your kids to do and 50% threatening to take them away.'
b"parents 50% of the time : you're a grown up, you can do things by urself parents 50% of the time : shut up. you know nothing. you're still a baby"
b'parents are leaving to go to a comedy show in seattle so i am stuck babysitting'
b'parents : be yourself me : -is self - parents : wait no'
b"parents : be yourself parents : also dont dye ur hair no piercings no tattoos no ur not wearing that get straight a's & be a perfect child"
b'parents call it " bad grades ", we call it " still passing " smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'parents : clean your room. family is coming over. me : oh i am sorry i did not realize the gathering would be held in my bedroom'
b"parents : how was school?me : it's okayparents : why do you always give me the same answer?me : why do you always ask me the same question?"
b'parents " how was school? " me " okay " parents " why do you always give me the same answer? " me " why do you always ask the same question? "'
b'parents : " i am in a bad mood. i think i\'ll go yell at my kids so they\'re in a bad mood too. "'
b'parents : one day you have to pay for everything yourself me : ya but today is not that day'
b'parents spend 2 years teaching their child to walk and talk then spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut up.'
b'parents : " we need to talk. " me : *million things run through my mind. what did they find out about!?* parents : " stop leaving the lights on. "'
b'parents : who are you texting so late!? me : jake from state farm.'
b'parents : why are you awake so early? me : who said i went to sleep!?'
b'parents : you do realize one day you will have to pay for all your own things me : yes but today is not that day'
b'parents : your room is a mess. me : you should see my life.'
b'parents : your room is such a mess me : this is my design'
b'parent : why do not you come socialize with the family? me : *sits with family* me : *gets insulted by entire family* me : *goes back to bedroom *'
b'parent : why hasnt _____ been round lately? i thought you were friends. me : well they turned into a cunt.'
b'paris is famous for its marble architecture and croissants. they really did build their city on rock and rolls.'
b'partying by myself and have an ap test tomorrow morning so im gonna feel great when i wake up (((:'
b'partying is fun until you find someone who makes staying home even more fun.'
b': i want selena to perform hands to myself, kill em with kindness or perfect because faves'
b'passing all my classes good smile'
b'passing the test is great. but knowing everyone in your squad passed too, the feeling just get even better smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'passion of his youth combined with wisdom of experience. electrifying and literally awesome.'
b"passive aggressive note to upstairs neighbors did not work. they're still elephants"
b"passport renewal. it's more fun in the philippines."
b"pass the friggin ball... 6 goals in one game isn't necessary!"
b'patiently waiting on tuesday'
b'pats your cheeks. i just woke up but i still want to sleep. q you q but besides that im doing great, and you?'
b"i've been covered in hives for the last three days smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'really funny'
b"paul scholes looks like he's definitely enjoying being there"
b'yeah, i got really wet when i left school, are you having a good time so far?'
b'pauwi na galing school grinning face grinning face with smiling eyes yey! i still have time to dress up face with tears of joy bc bb and i will meet at the television good black heart suit'
b'it really was & actually kinda fucked up... sooo many weird things happened thanks troye'
b'paying a fat 9g to listen to my lecturer talk bout cycling in d rain'
b'paying for school is my favorite...'
b'exactly the same. i have two cats that make me sneeze and itch but i love them cat face'
b'seriously? no wonder he knocked you up but still will not marry you face with tears of joy'
b'he did this to michael rapaport a couple weeks ago. they had great chemistry which was fun but felt like bs interrupted too much'
b'lol nah i was an idiot no lie but i realized i was worth more not all conceited lol but yeah face with tears of joy'
b"thinks she's cool face with tears of joy"
b'penn state football fans planning to honor joe paterno this weekend is as classy as it gets.'
b'if bernie is looking for a fight tell him to meet me after class out back at anyone of my fantastic properties.'
b'people always feel the need to piss me off. like go you all, thanks once again'
b'people are always calling me " cute \' and its like yea im cute but do you wanna do me'
b'people are always like " are you a morning person or a night person " and i am like buddy i am barely even a person.'
b'people are like music. some speak truth, others are just noise.'
b'people are so nice these days..'
b"people are so predictable, like i bet you're reading this tweet right now."
b'people are way to worried about the perfect relationship'
b'people arguing politics on facebook is the best unamused face'
b'people assume i am smart when they see my glasses case. then they see that i use it to store a twix bar and they recognize my true genius.'
b'people be pretending amazed.'
b'people call themselves gym rats... i call myself a library rat ha face with tears of joy'
b'people can say anything about you, but only you know the truth.'
b"people do you dirty then blame you for how shit goes down. something i'll never understand."
b'people getting really mad asf when they dont get their way with you these days'
b'people have acne. get over it. dont be a fucking dick to people man'
b'people have a nasty habit of pissing me the fuck off'
b'people have been arguing about which new rnb guy is the best for weeks why must there always be just 1 shining at a time?'
b'people : " i love it when my boyfriend tells me he loves me. " me : " i love it when my microwave tells me my food is ready. "'
b'people like you make me wish i had more middle fingers.'
b'people need to stop fucking with my character cause i will patiently wait till karma ruins them'
b'people need to understand the difference between want and need. like i want to have a hot body but i need chicken nuggets.'
b"people piss me off. even if you're not a threat do not flirt with her. thanks"
b'people : pok\xc3\xa9mon is my childhood me : pok\xc3\xa9mon is my past, present and future'
b'people really do not get how much work ya put in when ya in clinicals, the work never stops.'
b'people say everything happens for a reason. so when i punch you in the face, remember i have a reason.'
b'people should be required to pay an extra dollar for every syllable of their coffee order.'
b'people should just mind their own business, " probably the funniest thing i\'ve ever read on a social networking site.'
b"people sure get cranky about a fire alarm during lunch especially when it's raining. at least it's not snowing!"
b"people switch to iphones and act like androids ain't take they smart phone virginity"
b'people that completely change their personality and the way they act around different people just to be liked by everyone are shady as hell'
b'people that point their finger at everyone while sitting in their piles of filth'
b"people that purposely take a long time to text you back you're lame"
b'people that use statistics in everyday arguments are assholes 100% of the time'
b'people that wait 3 hours to reply to a text should be shot.'
b'people used to imagine that 2013 would be full of flying cars but all we have is blankets with sleeves.'
b'people : you should smile me : not unless you deposit 2 million dollars in my bank account thanks'
b'people usually forget to thank you when you do good to them, but they never forget to blame you if you did wrong to them.'
b'people who are trying way too hard :1. miley cyrus'
b'people who can look good when their hair is wet cant be trusted'
b'people who complain about the weather are usually harder to deal with than the weather itself.'
b'people who delete their tweets after beef are so inconsiderate of people like me who are just trying to catch up'
b'people who do math homework in pen are fearless \xe2\x9c\x92\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'people who do not start screaming when they are angry and instead lower their voice until it turns into a whisper are scary as fuck'
b'people who drop you off at home and wait til you actually get inside the house to drive off are beautiful and deserve to live forever.'
b"people who get out of the car and actually have a sit down meal inside mcdonald's scare me."
b'people who make fun of my last name really piss me off. i get insecure over my own last name? how fucked up is that? can you stop thanks'
b'people who make really bad decisions are always like : i have the worst luck'
b'people who make you feel bad for liking what you like are the worst kinds of people'
b'people who posts pictures of themselves smoking. omg, your so cool. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"people who remote lock their car 2 times seriously have trust issues. personally, i do it 3 times but that's just my ocd."
b'people who reply to my sarcasm with sarcasm are my favorite'
b"people who say 'age is just a number ' are stupid. age is clearly a word."
b'people who say " bad things happen in three\'s " deserve to be punched, kicked and then set on fire just to prove the point.'
b"people who say they're 'living in the moment ' must be hitting the refresh button like a motherfucker."
b'people who say " us whites do the same thing on thanksgiving " piss me off. we talkin bout us. dont make the shit a race competition. thanks'
b'people who smile at you when you make eye contact with them are my favorite kind of people'
b'people who talk to themselves tend to be better lovers. did you know that? yes, i did know that. thank you for asking.'
b"people who tell you it's too cold to eat ice cream are the kind of negativity you do not need in your life."
b'people who think they are big and bad because they make a " threatening " post at someone face with tears of joy nice'
b'people who wait 3 hours to respond to a text " lol " should be punched in the neck. your not fooling anybody. you weren\'t loling that long.'
b'people who wait 4 hours to reply to my text with " lol " should be shot.'
b'people will stab you in the back & ask why you bleeding.'
b'people will stop asking you questions if you answer back in interpretive dance.'
b'people with 1 syllable names fucking ruin the happy birthday song every time!'
b'people with a sense of humor are so much easier to talk to.'
b"people : you're so quiet, like you do not talk. me : i talk, just not to you. bitch"
b"people : you're so quiet that's because i dont fucking like you"
b'people : " you\'re so quiet, you never talk. " me : " oh i talk, just not to you. "'
b"people : you've changed. me : well i couldn't stay a sperm forever could i"
b'perfect. mid -flow of my morning bowel movements, the fire alarm goes off. to say the rest was a rush would be an understatement.'
b'perfect for dinner and laundry. awesome evening'
b'i can not wait to spoil it all for her tomorrow by yelling to my friends what happened in class'
b'perfect time for a fire alarm persevering face'
b'perfect time to get sick unamused face'
b'perfect time to run out of gas... tractor'
b'perfect way to break up with your girl lol lol'
b'perfect weather to be writing an essay smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat by'
b'period and basketball morning practice go me'
b'perks of dating me : i laugh at my own jokes so you do not need to'
b'you should honestly attempt something to fix it, i know i get hit by insomnia sometimes so i watch documentaries to sleep'
b'person 1: i can draw really well person 2: i can sing really well me : i can eat really well'
b'personally i can not wait to see the new star wars - certainly spans the generations my kids are looking forward to'
b'personal questions asked at the doctors will always be awkward no matter how old i get.'
b'person : *breathes* me : you are so fucking annoying can you please control yourself'
b"person : *doesn't reply* me : they hate me me : i hate me me : everyone hates me"
b"person : do you want to hang out? me : i have to ask my mom. me : *doesn't ask her* me : she said no."
b'person : how are you? me : i literally have no idea'
b'person : " i can hear your music " me : " you\'re welcome "'
b'person : i like your name me : thanks, i got it for my birthday'
b'person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person is typing... person says : hi'
b"person : you're blocking the view. me : i am the view"
b"person : you're really pretty me : are you making fun of me"
b"person : you're ugly me : good, i was trying to look like you today"
b'pe teacher : why are you running so slowly me : " it does not matter how slow you go, as long as you do not stop " - wisdom of confucius'
b'have a requested game for you titanfall or smite you can play better games though trying to rush'
b'nobody can work every day and streaming is working so, take a day off.'
b'" south dakota school of mines is so good at football " they are division 3...'
b'love you old mommy. can not wait for you to babysit me all night and be my big spoon.'
b'phoebe song of the day \xe2\x99\xaboh the cow in the meadow goes moo then the farmer hits him on the head & grinds him up & thats how we get hamburgers'
b'phone calls with bae are always fun'
b'phone cases are like condoms ; you do not want to, but you kind of have to.'
b'phone : has thousands of songs. me : listens to same 5 songs on repeat.'
b'phones are getting skinnier and smarter while people are getting fatter and dumber'
b'phonetics are so " amazing "!'
b'physically and emotionally done with all the bullshit in my life'
b'physical therapy day 1 so excited'
b"physics : it's the science where you use extremely long and complicated formulas to explain why a ball rolls."
b'physics test and lab day tomorrow good i love life'
b"picking my kid up from school in 25 yearsme : yo shawty, leggookid : omgme : stop being a hater yolokid : you're embarrassing meme : swag"
b'pick your poison smiling face with sunglasses'
b'picture a scavenger hunt where the only items on the list are " your house keys " and " your house. " well, son, that\'s what drinking is like.'
b'pictures of you with no shirt on on facebook?'
b"awesome and sounds good! have fun doing your homework! tweet me when you're finished! smile"
b"you best believe i'll get on lockdown to get out of some algebra."
b'pizza burnt the inside of my mouth and i do not understand why the things i love most keep hurting me'
b'pizza is an acceptable meal at all times of the day'
b'pizza will not divorce you pizza will not betray you pizza will not cheat on you pizza will not fight with you why do not people just marry pizza'
b'i only have 30min lunch break though so i may as well drive back home grab soup or something and come back.. bank is always busy'
b'pjs, warm blankets, blunt & hours of love & hip hop make for a great day off relieved face'
b'your bomb face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy loudly crying face raised hand'
b'place? it did happen in front of my eye you bunch of idiots.'
b'well i hope she knows i am upset with her'
b"i've unpinned my question to you from here which i know you were totally going to answer eventually"
b'planning shit in your head hoping one day it all comes true'
b'plans for 2014: care less about everything get hot sleep'
b'plans for ride back home listen to fetty listen to j cole attempt to do hw change to gucci (need a little ratchetness ) sleep sleeping face'
b'i would love to go but i am working late shift friday... and you probably have so many people anyways'
b'players day off today but the guys were still in the gym working on their game including'
b'playing against mresq this week in a fantasy football battle of suck. we might kill each other before the weekend is over.'
b'playing dead for the alarm clock does not seem to be working. expressionless face'
b"playing dead on the couch all day in case a bear attacks. that's not lazy, that's proactive."
b'*playing game for first time* " would you like to try the tutorial first? " me : " no. " *moments later* me : " how the fuck do you play this.?'
b'please call your skinny self fat one more time.'
b'please continue enlightening me by repeating things that are common sense and pure logic.'
b'please do not be mean to dogs they are only trying to help'
b'please do not piss me off even more tonight thanks relieved face'
b"please do not be a bitch to me because then i'll have to be a bitch back, and i can do it better than you"
b"please do not expect me to always be good and kind and loving there are times when i'll be cold and thoughtless and really hard to understand"
b'please do not interrupt me when i am making a sale to ask what photo looks better...'
b'please do not mistake my personality for flirting. just because i am awesome does not mean i like you.'
b'please dont sit right next to me while im on the computer that is just not happening'
b'please everyone post a picture of opening ceremony to facebook.'
b'please for the love of god do not come to the doctors office right at fucking closing time we want to go home dammit'
b'please god if you cant make me slim, make my friends fat.'
b"please jump up and down more. it's soothing and makes it easier to sleep. by 11pm preferably."
b"please keep ignoring me for all of senior year. it's not like we're friends with the exact same people."
b'please keep ignoring me, i love it can not you tell?'
b'please keep ignoring me. i love it.'
b'please keep ignoring me i love it so much smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'please keep ignoring me i really appreciate it'
b'please keep my baby in your prayers, doctors are concerned about her not waking up yet but god has the final say.'
b'please keep rubbing it in. i love it.'
b"please keep telling me how i have huge lips for you know what. it's a real compliment."
b'please let sam go on about how great her chinese food wedding was, so riveting'
b"please let's have a moment of silence for all the teenagers whose parents do not allow them to eat in their rooms."
b'please lord, let me prove you that winning the lottery will not spoil me.'
b'please please please go leave a comment or'
b'please remember that non-members be by existing & they are permitted to participate in any club activities.'
b'please respect the revolving door speed that has already been established.'
b'rt if you think that the veterans are getting all the help they should from the help a vet'
b'please send me more invites to get the dislike button. the first 500 were clearly not enough.'
b'please show more prius commercials'
b'please stalk me as much as you want'
b'please stalk me hehehe'
b'please teach me how you edit your selfies, i want to be ghost white as well'
b'please tell me more about how stupid it is for me to be a vegetarian and continue to have a go at me expressionless face'
b'please try explaining what the diffence between " talking " and " dating " is to a parent and you will realize just how dumb our generation is'
b'dude literally i think there is something wrong with my stomach/digestive system'
b'plot twist : you wake up for school fully rested and ready to socialize'
b"plucking your eyebrows is legitimately very stressful because you pull out one wrong hair and it's game over"
b"plugged my phone in at 5% 15 mins ago and it's now at 8%..."
b'right mr grayson looks like you ve got it right tonight stick to it! " so sure now!'
b'i love how everyone is making that argument now.'
b"pointing out the food you just dropped on the floor to your dog because you're too lazy to clean it."
b'do i care about my hair or my channel more?'
b"do not think i've ever smiled as much as i did when i watched your new vlog. loved it x"
b'where satan opens up the door for me to enter hell'
b'pointless drama is the best neutral face'
b'omg just had nightmare that i read a tweet about tommy chong & dancing. with stars. sure this is good idea'
b'*points at ugly person in textbook, shows friend* - " that\'s you lol "'
b'has officially been downloaded more times than think about that, a app has surpassed an app that can get you laid!'
b"poking holes in your parents ' condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes."
b"he's definitely excited. i have not listened to purpose yet but i am proud of him and happy that he's happy and isn't hurting"
b'police officer : " anything you say, will be held against you. " me : " boobs! "'
b'police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot.'
b'police : this is the police! open your door now! me : not with that attitude'
b'no one is except whites rt : " i am proud to be black, " said the black man!'
b'she literally got fired because of rage holy shit'
b'poll : are you excited to potentially wake up to snow on saturday? this is a picture i snapped last year of one'
b'poor atlanta braves - they are just falling apart. so sad to see.'
b"poor people using hospitals, gay people marrying, people smoking marijuana. next thing you know we'll have real problems to worry about."
b'pop a molly? why do not some of you hoes pop some birth control'
b'popcorn is great but why did we stop there? this is america & i intend to find out what other foods would be delicious if we exploded them.'
b'that what i assumed, was just kinda... hoping... wishing the da would have its shit better together'
b'pop tarts for lunch yum unamused face'
b'porn is a lot like yoga pants. not everybody should be in them.'
b'porn paints a extremely unrealistic picture of how quickly you can get a plumber over to your house.'
b'im glad someone had to kill that bitch'
b'post all your inside jokes over facebook, i really want to hear about them smile'
b'posting pictures of you getting high or partying makes you 100x cooler'
b"post pictures of her, show her off, play with her hair, call her pretty, grab her ass, and tell her she's all you need"
b"you're not my on snap anymore?!?!?! does this mean we are breaking up?! loudly crying face"
b'best thing you can do is not to help pakistan anymore. but you will not listen, no?'
b'do not worry abt those people dying in louisiana, losing everything. you just continue your very important golf!'
b'i put a poster of you the first time you ran for president. its still there. sad that i will be taking it down after you leave off.'
b'it would be nice if you would focus on the country not a political race your not in!! oh wait you already ran us into the ground'
b'personally i do not want to see you go to jail i think there is much deeper places in the ground you should be'
b'tried to think of most powerful people in the world. can any of you put a stop to this?'
b'we would like to understand the double standard approach to deal with protesters.'
b'who cares if you actually have the right or a pulse, the democratic party simply doesnt care, vote 3x, no id to hassle about,'
b"why after putting out that our response time is 4 minutes is ahe not in jail you better do something about this it's wrong"
b'you have done a great job. tough decisions no one sees, fixing mistakes, making & keeping positive relationships & being a family man'
b"you aren't even funny"
b'pouring rain in azusa good smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'pouring rain no sleep pensive face (but good for another free car wash )'
b'powering through these physics questions... getting them all wrong in the process :d. yuss!'
b'adrian was raised that way and he made it to the nfl. maybe he thought that would motivate his kid to get there too?'
b'ppl think just because i model, i have a bunch of model friends face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'ppl : you should talk more! me :*tries to talk* - gets ignored - gets interrupted - gets talked over - no one pays attention - no one cares'
b'ppl who have seen me at my worst and still stayed are my favorite'
b"ppl who laugh so hard at their own jokes that they can not even finish the joke because they're laughing so hard are my favorite kind of ppl"
b'practice is gonna be soo fun in this heat tired face'
b'practices done for today... i am so excited to wake up tomorrow with sore legs :))))'
b'practice should be interesting tonight since i am already sick and running on less than 5 hours of sleep...'
b'practice was crucial face with tears of joy'
b'prayers for this biopsych exam would be great right now face throwing a kiss'
b'prayers going out to my future husband i really hope ur doing good in school. love you'
b'praying that somehow school would get canceled tomorrow'
b'pre calc is off to a strong start this year'
b'predicting the words " ranch dressing " will appear somewhere in my autopsy findings.'
b'prelims week + post prelims week for me! hooray! but'
b'prentice\'s cabinet of " regular " albertans - notice the traditional albertan bow tie'
b'press 1 for someone who probably learned english last year but is going to try and communicate effectively with you anyway.'
b"pressing a too fast and having to talk to the pokemon center's nurse again was by far the worst part of my childhood."
b'pretending to be happy, but deep inside it hurts a lot.'
b"pretending to care about a teacher's personal life, to waste time in class."
b'pretending to die in front of your pet to see if it tries to save you.'
b'pretty busy today. was only able to check my phone 1400 times.'
b'pretty cool how the internet lets you stay connected with people you have not seen in years and silently judge them on a daily basis.'
b'pretty girls : " omg i am so ugly. " ugly girls : " i am so sexy, everybody wants a piece of this ass. "'
b'pretty half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao.'
b'pretty much a 5 day weekend with doctors appointments, xrays and injections.. fun'
b"pretty much made my peace w/the fact that i am prob not gonna do so great on today's exam. that being said i said that last time & got a b"
b'pretty much taught how 2 run his own s690 tonight'
b'pretty pumped i started gerhart instead of sproles this week.'
b'pretty sure half these " fan pages " y\'all got run by y\'all lmfao. " omm i did not create any of mine lol'
b'pretty sure my dog would make a shitty astronaut because space is a vacuum and those tend to scare him'
b'pretty sure my roommate hates me'
b"pretty sure there's no humans in upstairs ' flat, sounds like fucking elephants."
b'pretty sure today was the first day since college started that i did not have homework l o l'
b"pretty unsettling that we're a few years away from having doctors that are either firmly team edward or team jacob."
b'primary source of income : when my mom gives me money to buy something and does not ask for the change back'
b"prince harry must feel all kinds of weird when he's stuffing pictures of his grandmother in the strippers ' g-strings."
b'princessaftbh : my smoke looks like a cloud - or'
b'principles of business is so fun.?'
b'pringles : the only chip company in the world that does not sell air.'
b'priorities will tell you everything you need to know about a person'
b'instead of in mumbai why do not you build your 100 crore aashiana in pakistan'
b'probably the most disappointing thing about growing up is realizing that pianos do not literally fall from the sky on top of your arch-enemy.'
b'probably the most exciting feature on the new iphone is the way it upgrades simple phone theft into full on finger removal.'
b"probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute"
b'probs more comments then likes on my pic'
b'procastinator? no. i just wait until the last second to do my work because i will be older, therefore wiser.'
b'procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes'
b'procrastination is to stop doing something you dont like to do something you love... so i love doing nothing \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f great!'
b"procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it's due"
b'professor : " can you pls tell us why you\'re so late? " me : someone told me to go to hell me : couldnt find it at first me : but now im here'
b'professors who canceled class for an early thanksgiving break : thanks fam'
b'professor : what inspired you to write this essay? me : the due date'
b'ignore the trolls, doc. most of us appreciate your insight. thanks for taking the time to offer it.'
b"so glad he's more worried about his rather than his danger to society"
b'proper mans night at olympus, making us watch twilight. absolutely loving it see.'
b"proposing to a woman isn't like choosing a life-long business partner. it's more like hiring your own boss."
b'props to people who have only 16 gb of storage on their phone and make it work.'
b"pro tip : order 2 drinks at a time so both your hands are full and you can not text boys you shouldn't"
b'proud of myself staying in this weekend'
b'proud to be white'
b'province invited all med students to an announcement. maybe they reached the goal of all manitobans having a family doctor by 2015?'
b'proving a woman wrong is the most difficult thing in world.'
b'psa trying to look cute by acting dumb really just makes you look dumb.'
b'psa : yo if ur going to college any time soon download college interactive from the app store. thank me later!'
b"ps if someone has a working link to 'how did we end up here ' send it to me please. the mega one isn't working 5 seconds of summer"
b"my friend taking sign language and she said it's fun and interesting not really hard. i am not sure how many credits it is tho"
b"puerto rican girls can fight so good bc it's so hard to grab their wet ass hair"
b'puke, vwhy does no one love me like this'
b'pulled my groin last night smiling face with smiling eyes wooo hooo!'
b'pulled my pants leg up, realized i only shaved one leg. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'today is like the first day i get homework'
b'purple weed purple drank purple heart sargent i am the best rapper in the game no arguing'
b'pursuers have bittersweet memories but the target of unrequited love is left awkward and uncomfortable. " wow poor you'
b'pussy good & plus i stay wet face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food face savouring delicious food'
b'put down the weapons you fight with and kill em with kindness'
b'put off claiming an accident on my old car for 3 years. fixed it with duct tape hoping someone would hit me. today someone smashed it.'
b'*puts lmao after i am done expressing my feelings so it does not look that deep *'
b'puts mistletoe on my butt so you can kiss my ass'
b'*puts my ipod on shuffle and skips every song until i get one i was hoping for *'
b'*puts selfie on top of christmas tree because i am the star *'
b"putting 'official ' in your username to let all of your 37 followers know it's the real you"
b'putting your faith in the people is like building a house in the sand.'
b'put your hatred aside & kill them with kindness'
b'blood 3 zombies is so fun'
b'thanks for playing perfect. someone pulled the fire alarm at school and now im soaking wet but im okay now since you played it'
b'qatari doctors can work in more than one pvt hospital - peninsula on -line'
b'q : is google a boy or girl? a : obviously a girl because it wont let you finish your sentence without suggesting other ideas'
b'hahah he secretly loves me shh'
b'quality time with my wife & our god daughter. this weekend.. despite the rain, was definitely perfect'
b"wys, but that's gonna be fcked up that y'all loose y'all homecoming game smh i feel bad for y'all \xf0\x9f\x98\x82.."
b'quasimodo always held his head a little higher on wednesdays. you know why.'
b'friendsgiving to go to but now they changed it to next week, like fuck i know my brother gonna be upset, my nieces as well sad'
b"duh nigga i text you even tho you do not reply that's deep fine (nes ) just can not simp like them other 67 likes lbs"
b'quick check is such a thrilling place to work!'
b'quick pic before heading out. my hair so short i know'
b'quick! pretend you are sleeping! " this trick never gets old'
b'quick tip : dont talk to me when i have my headphones in'
b"quit posting pictures of your ultrasounds. we get it. you're a sex haver."
b"quote of the day you are the fries at the bottom of a mcdonald's bag. you may go unnoticed first, but someone will be thrilled to find you."
b'wow such a caring boyfriend.'
b'oh word dayum i was really hoping to hit it in the green with you'
b'rabbits jump and they live for 8 years. dogs run and they live for 15 years. turtles do nothing and they live for 150 years. lesson learned.'
b'i wish i had witnessed that though i did see them dry humping practically over the the costa counter were you pick up drinks'
b'sound like backing vocalists grinning face'
b'racism, sexism and homophobia make no sense when there are so many perfectly good stupid people to hate.'
b"radish is a really accurate name for a vegetable because they're pretty cool but they're not that cool"
b'if you are a " terrorist " with an ak47 then you get death pen... what these guys did did not cause enough terror'
b"oh there's a surprise"
b'tbh i like the way you built this shit shack'
b'rain, a great way to start the day'
b'rain alarm is a great app!'
b'rain all god damn weekend while i am working, rain all day while i am up, finally in bed and no rain'
b"rain couldn't let my hair flourish for 5 minutes disappointed face"
b'rain & flats do not mix well. things i do for this interview'
b'rain fucked my hair up bad'
b'raining again what a surprise'
b'rain is just disrespectful to my hair.'
b'rain kind of made my hair look nice \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'buy faze rain apparel it boss got some for my self a while back great designs and got shirts to wear on a casual day'
b'rain & natural hair do not mix'
b'seeing how i am only 50% white, i can only guess at that one'
b'rain soothes the soul, much like feelings being released from deep within. such a great relief. i love how it manages to wash away my fears.'
b'rain tried to fuck my hair up. im back doe'
b'raise ur hand if ur a sarcastic and sassy little bitch'
b"raise ur hand if you're just a lil bitch with anger issues"
b'raise your hand if you dont know what youre doing with your life'
b"raise your hand if you're a lil bit of an asshole raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand raised hand"
b"raise your hand if you're a sassy lil bitch who eats and sleeps too much"
b'ran 3 miles in 27 mins and felt good. slow and foggy, but done!'
b"lol girl i do not let too many ppl babysit him right now. i want to wait until he's a little older \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'*randomly feels pain on a random part of my body* oh god here we go im gonna die'
b'eye test failing you then. by the way, you happen to see g shoot right into a guy on a 3v1? that was great'
b'rapper : i am killing snitches then i smoke a blunt get high and fuck they bitches *wins award* rapper : i just wanna thank god'
b'rappers sound worse performing live. like their album was much better than this smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rashod bet not be sleeping... wait he bet not be taking a long time to text back'
b"i know, it'll mean so many photographers will be taking much better pictures!"
b'rawr " does not mean " i love you " in dinosaur. you ever seen jurassic park? it means i am going to fucking eat you.'
b"as my 2wk old pair of sunglasses arm literally feel off whilst out i've had to glue them"
b"lmao i work the whole weekend it's gonna suck"
b'reaching into a pair of pants and finding a wad of money is a great feeling.. until the person wearing the pants starts screaming.'
b'reading my texts and not replying : the quickest way to get me mad af'
b'readings all day, now a 3 hour class'
b'reading someone\'s facebook status and thinking, " oh shut the hell up. "'
b'reading text messages while half asleep is like looking into the sun.'
b"reading twitter in the morning like it's the daily paper."
b"read more love, she just has an awesome design and is still a nice to think that when these two aren't being jerks to others that they a"
b'ready for an hour of intellectual discussion in art class.'
b'ready for another boring day of induction...'
b'ready for cardioooo runner'
b'ready for monday? unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'ready for this gauntlet this weekend.'
b'ready to get these test over so i can stop sleeping with my laundry.'
b'ready to read a manual.'
b'ready to slay these two tests'
b'40 percent of illegal aliens come by airplane. so what are you going to do about that?'
b'acts like a nazi, looks like a cheeto, talks like an idiot and smiles like a predator. oh, and his hands are fucking tiny'
b'if you really do have hair why do you put that thing on your head? inquiring minds want to know.'
b'just admit your bald, and stop fake tanning you look ridiculous. older men are sexy, go natural'
b'america is already great... you can make it better by dropping out grinning face with smiling eyes sorry not sorry.'
b'america will be a disgrace to the world a sexual assaulter is elected as potus, a great role model you will make.'
b'and you appear to trust your god so much you need guns to protect you, or are you gonna get security and make god pay for it?'
b'another golf course that is in debt trump???? if your involved i wont be surprised if it is the case.'
b'another innuendo seems to be a pattern i am not saying but i heard people talking'
b"anyone with half a brain can tell when smoke is being blown up their ass but we're talking about someone who has no brains"
b'because people are tired of your screwed up brain and the so called "words" that come out of your idiotic mouth!'
b'because there is no way to prove the documents. unlike you on sexual assault.'
b'can i have a million dollars? no political non-sense here, and i will not be paying it back, i just want a million dollars pls'
b'can not be trusted with our codes. he can not be trusted in the situation room making decisions'
b'if cnn were any more dishonest, theyd have to change their name to the obama network.'
b'hey trump asshole. if you are going to make fake pictures like this at least get the words lined up even moron'
b"corporate tax should be 10% unless we're not competing with ireland anymore. bring all of it back home."
b'could dive into a raging river to save a drowning child on the national news & would say " he\'s a dangerous prolifer "'
b"creative thinkers are transformative people misunderstood until they're met on a personal level. this is your missing link."
b'did you stop to think perhaps the way you say things could be interpreted many different ways. words like " i do not know ".'
b'donald she does not want to make america great, she wants to be great, and rich like you.'
b'donald\'s " time to replace your ac filters " reminder includes a note to " check current spouse\'s expiration date "'
b'do not apologize just start acting serious ignore the bullshit focus on winning like you say so great win and win and win!!!'
b'do not like the reporting? might i recommend you start telling the truth.'
b'election might be rigged we have the movement on our side we need to fight fight fight like never before throw the kitch...'
b'filled a stadium unfortunately can not not one empty seat in house'
b"funny the founder of the birther movement trying to act like he's not racist"
b'has been called out by hitler. now be a good little nazi and apologize to hitler.'
b"has struggled his entire life trying to put a single sentence together. he's functionally illitera\xe2\x80\xa6"
b'heard you needed to fill 5000 job positions well i am a hard working class supporter just a phone call away!'
b"here is an interesting stat: france's prison population is estimated to be 70 per cent muslim"
b'he will not be president for long. you can negotiate with the next president of mexico stop twitter fight be the bigger man.'
b'hey loser!!! if you have enough proud and self esteem. why do not you leave the race and let a good republican to compete?'
b'how many people have you put into the poor house?'
b"i'd hope that if you were a kremlin puppet, you'd be running a slightly better campaign"
b'if by cheating you mean telling the truth and proposing solid policy solutions - unfair'
b'if i had a dollar for every time you have said " believe me ", i would be richer than you purport to be!'
b"if jeb had of made the race the bushes would have fought like he'll against clinton ain't life a bitch"
b'if that means you promise to move to the uk forever and never come back, i promise to vote for you.'
b"if the blacks & latino's think the dems have their interest at heart they had better wake up. all they want is your vote.."
b'if you are going to everett, you should be visiting some tribes. that being said, i am not sure why you are visiting wa.'
b'if you follow me i will tell you some world breaking news about hillary'
b"i am just a toy, just a funny boy that makes you laugh when you're blue i'll do anything for you i am your puppet"
b'i am sure you will not have 15% of their vote.'
b'is a man who has built an entire campaign on racial resentment and name-calling'
b'is this legal? not that it would matter to you.'
b"i thought the polls were rigged??? oh not when it's in your favour, right got ya."
b"it's ashame when we worked so hard all our lives and can not afford to see a doctor and illegals get it free!"
b'i voted for you mr trump because i believe there needs to be a change. you talk like me and i think you want a change too.'
b'jeb bush was gov of florida to get gambling and a casino and he would not do it see you dont always get your way you lied'
b'jesus would leave the 99 to save 1 prove your not the wrong president no one will ask like i do i am not afraid to stand up'
b'judgement and brainpower have no relation to each other. if they did it would mean you do not have a brain at all.'
b'just do not understand how people can vote for hillary??? ok, so you do not like trump so you vote for a crook??? do not getit'
b'when you and your campaign monkeys make a coherent statement that makes any sense to anyone anywhere'
b'mr pres this is all i want from the left.https://t.co/xli9rxgiux'
b'hey looks just like a sanders rally : ask bernie how that turned out for him.'
b"must have hired a puppet-master ; he's not looking but he is looking like someone else is calling the shots."
b'my neighbors have taken your yard sign down and have not put it back up. loser!'
b'neither will you, mainly because you have no plan or clue'
b'no donald you are a sad excuse for a human being'
b"no i personally think you're funny as shit its not that i dont like you."
b'no longer completely filling stadiums as can be seen by the three empty seats back left of photo.'
b'now what the police have to do is arrest you. that would be a better day.'
b"my lawyers are begging to sue you ugly cheap racist ass. but i'll get them to hold off for now."
b"obama recons if donald is elected he's not standing down he absolutely should be standing down he's a scumbag"
b'on will immediately end poverty by deporting anyone who does not make at least 100k a year.'
b'you call that an interview. hell even looks like he is tired of your ignorant bullshit'
b'please be calm in the debate tonight,you gone crush her. she has nothing to show for after 30 years in the public office.'
b'- please - do something to counter this lopsided office count ok.. we can not lose this time sir.!!'
b'please tell hillary at the first debate, the reason i supported you financially in the past, was to prove you can be bought'
b'pls just stop do not become president of the usa and become a mcdonalds employee so you will not destroy the whole planet. thx'
b'probably because he is another rich man, when are the white working class learned that they were dissed'
b'put it on tv prime time every hour of every day!'
b"reminds me of the girl who's in a coma from drinking 2 gallons of cum."
b'are you going to have underage girls 2 service u?'
b'so do not feed into their traps ur doing exactly what they want. stick 2 the plan stick to ur speech do not ad lib anymore'
b'still a loser! win or loose, still an ugly loser! con with wee little hands & wee little whatever.'
b'stop spewing bullshit and the media will not have nearly as much to report about.'
b'students doing mock election today. was thinking about making the experience more real for non-white students by (1/2)'
b'sup fuck head im a mexican 20 year old do you want to deport me try it come on unless your to pussy to do it come on try me'
b"trump news conference. he lies, then lies about lying, then lies that he's not really lying and then lies again"
b'tell these folks about how you google searching how to suck your own dick without removing your ribs'
b'that is legacy of the last republican president who all you republicans conveniently forget about. war cost how much? hmm'
b"that's a load of bullshit! you do not have any regard for women. just like you have no regard/capacity to tell the truth."
b"that's because join mccain has a moral compass instead of being a terrible human being like you"
b"the only redeeming quality of todays media is seeing proof that you're not the dumbest person around."
b'they can all fit in your head? wow! have you seen someone about this?'
b'they stopped him before he reached his goal. hoping the same thing for you.'
b'this is sad for ben carson when are people going to get it with this guy? wow'
b'this what you think it takes to lead a country?'
b'trump will not reveal his plans for foreign& domestic policies because he has no plans he does not even understand'
b'you lie way more than that and you dont seem to care, so who the fuck you think you are to judge others?'
b'you seem to be obsessed with the must really respect them.'
b'we are all ready great! quit trying to screw it up'
b'we can not let her win! you are doing great, love the plans for your first 100 days as potus. can you lay out some of ur cabinet?'
b"we live in a politically correct society that does not want to hurt anyone's feelings. see where that got us?"
b'wether you win or loose come nov you will be the loser but if you stand down now they will redicule you but be the wiser'
b'we will pray you win just because of your innocent stand on terrorism be it any form.\xe2\x80\xa6'
b'what a fool. everyone knows you can not stop niggers from being niggers. the only way to stop them is kill them.'
b'what did everyone except but a lie. she can not fart without telling a lie.'
b"what's it like to know that millions and millions of people think that you're a pilot shit"
b'what? you have to meet you to know what a jerk you are? hell your out there advertising it every day.'
b'while your at it why do not you release your health reports that are written by a doctor not you'
b'will soon be facing the reality of eating alone as the lunch room will be filled with all the ppl he offended'
b"yeah donald, you respect everyone, you tell the truth and you've been married just once..."
b'yes is copying you the difference is she does not have the people... 50 people or less.'
b'you are going to be a great president! i hope that one day, those who oppose you, will one day thank you.'
b'you are the greatest american con man i am the history of the usa. many people say that the fib my be close to arresting you'
b"you are the swamp,u are disgusting. go to hell it's where you belong."
b'you can not close history. this is why it is called history dufus.'
b'you have never been with the common person no matter the race'
b'you need to read matthew 12:25-26. a house divide against it self can not stand. you need the republican to win.'
b"you pussy you can not fight your way out of a paper bag. 50 years ago you couldn't either. pussy i would whip your ass."
b'your clothing line should be made in the usa and provide your tax returns! what are you hiding?'
b"you're a fucking joke. you can not fix a sandwich you piece of shit. fuck off already and get putin's dick out of your ass."
b'your still 3 issues away.. from being president people my vote because of popularity. but they make decisions on issues.'
b'you seem to be the problem and not the answer.'
b'real friends do not get offended when you call them bad names, they smile and call you something more offensive.'
b'how good is the transport system lol'
b'realizing my boat shoes got water marks from all of the rain.'
b'realizing that you only shaved one leg'
b'good cant wait to see it! after i go to sleepim so tired i feel like im turning into you and corie man all ya do is sleep \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'did you just sneeze? because you gave me a virus of love.. aww'
b'what a feeling is a great song smile'
b'really all i want is for someone to feel the same way about me as i do for them'
b'really annoyed with my parents for instilling good manners and a sense of decency in me.'
b'really enjoyed breaking down in epping forest'
b'really enjoy wakin up early'
b'really feelin the love from everbody'
b'really glad lakeside topshop can pick up a phone'
b'really glad that my final draft is gonna be bomb'
b'really gonna suck going back to school and normal life after such an awesome weekend disappointed face'
b"really hate how i have to go to school for and hour today and it's my fav subject math! unamused face"
b'really hope i did not have any more homework than precalc bc if i did i am not doin it lol good school'
b'really hope i got an a or b on that test because i feel like i did great! but watch me get an f neutral face'
b'really hoping i get hit by like an airplane or something when i walk outside tomorrow'
b'really in a horrible mood so do not piss me off anymore than i already am. thanks'
b'really in the mood for watching some classic iom tt action tonight. the foggy/hislop battle before bed sounds good'
b'really like being lied to constantly by the people that " love me "'
b'really looking forward to cycling through the rain.'
b'really looking forward to that 11 hour day at work sleeping face sleeping face sleeping face'
b'really love hearing police sirens going off all night. really makes me feel safe down here oncoming police car'
b'really love public school smile'
b'really need a fag but have not got time?'
b"really not all that upset that the titans aren't playing well. sucks to suck."
b'really not excited to wake up at 6am tomorrow confounded face unamused face \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'really not look forward to this evening... on bright side least todays pay day'
b'really sucks when both your classes get cancelld..'
b"really surprised that martha does not have experience making this on she's usually really confident, despite her age!"
b'really thought 2016 was going to be a good year, but here we are 5 months in and i think that ship sailed a long time ago'
b'really wanting to go on a night time longboard cruise, to bad i am not allowed around campus alone.. i love sketchy neighborhoods.'
b'really wish my nigga would get his shit together'
b'really wish my team went to regionals this weekend but uk we suck :))))'
b'really working on keeping positive vibes'
b"really?! you're gonna go to my family and start saying crap about me?! are you seriously that dumb?!"
b'ryan was wrong - for matt to say pulling a gun, holding someone against their will and demanding money is negotiating absurd'
b'if tony can stay healthy for 16 games then i am with you on the mvp talk'
b'very calm and poised in the pocket scans the field well check down all receivers'
b'when you tweet something that actually makes sense i do a double take and reboot my device, more rare then an alien attack'
b'would you please stop pounding the desk or get something to mask your pen and hand hitting the desk every 5 seconds.'
b'real talk : ignore people who hate on you :3 they are just jealous of you being fabulous and cool ~ let them hate. you have to appreciate smile \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"realtree romeo and genuine gent are literally the biggest pieces of shit i've ever seen on twitter."
b'to man i hope your having a better day... just make sure your having fun.. i get burnt out sometimes bro'
b'reasons i reluctantly invite people over : a ) my siblings b ) getting stuck babysitting c ) my brother running around naked'
b'reasons to date me :1:2:3:4:5: please lol'
b'reasons to date me :1. no one will try and steal me from you 2. sometimes im funny'
b"reasons to date me : we'd eat pizza and listen to good music together."
b'reasons to get out of bed : food'
b'reasons why i am still single : heavy check mark can not date the internet. heavy check mark can not date my favorite celebrity. heavy check mark can not date twitter. heavy check mark can not date myself.'
b"reasons why i stop replying :1. i am busy 2. you're boring 3. i am mad 4. you replied with one word 5. i am on twitter 6. i am eating"
b'reason why i check my voice mail... 5% because i care about my missed calls, 95% to remove that annoying icon.'
b"good (also, we need to actually study or hang out sometime soon - we're in too many classes together to not do this! ) smile"
b'as a psychologist, i have to wonder if michelangelo sculpted him this way to feel better about his own attributes? hmmm...'
b'recap of this drill weekend : rain + mud + shooting = dirty ass uniform. god bless this shower i am bout to get in'
b'recipes need more than 1 picture of the finished product. pics of varying degrees of screw ups from you did it! to call poison control.'
b'recoiling plume mudguard has got your back when cycling through the rain'
b'recoiling has your back when cycling through city rain'
b'redact really do not care i been working my ass off all week, even my day off, can not even go home a day early. friday traffic here i come.'
b"reese's instagram bio literally makes no sense ha"
b'ugh! i have to wait till tomorrow when i get home from school. mockingjay part 2 played with my emotions idk if i could'
b'its pouring good'
b'registered for my classes next quarter and i have no school on fridays face with stuck out tongue and winking eye \xe2\x98\x9d\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"looks like she's having a blast. put on my dance playlist dancing crazy when i am cleaning, my parrots always join in.. so fun"
b'politics are the problem, not men. unfortunatly these policemen have to respect the law and make other ppl respect it... \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'we live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity'
b'relationships are like batteries, they have a positive & a negative side. and you end up whacking your remote instead of changing them.'
b"relationships are like garage sales : from a distance it looks like something interesting but up close it's just a lot of shit you do not need"
b"relationships are like garage sales. from a distance they look interesting but up close it's just a bunch of crap you do not need."
b'relationships include : fight jeaousy arguments faith tears disagreements. but real relationships fight through all that with love. smile'
b"relationships should come with an icon that shows you how much time you have left like your phone's battery."
b'relationship status : can not wait for monday so that i start working again'
b'relationship status : nowhere near as happy as those couples from the erectile dysfunction commercials.'
b'relationship status : putting aloe on the wall and rubbing against it to apply in places that i can not reach.'
b'religion is like a buffet. people take what they like and ignore the rest.'
b'reloading every few seconds as if something is going to happen'
b'remember before wwa dc some radio guy was talking about only harry and i yelled that i love all of them equally and brittany was like.'
b'remembering you have a massive exam in a few days.'
b'remember, remember the 5th of november. " - what the fawkes says'
b'remember the five simple rules to be happy : free your heart from hatred. free your mind from worries. live simply. give more. expect less.'
b'remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. push and pull.'
b'remember things will get worse before they get better. but when they do, remember who put you down and who helped you up.'
b'remember when chase finally texted zoey that he loves her on his tekmate but then the dumb ass bitch drops her phone into a water fountain'
b"remember when ****** made fun of me in elementary school bc i had big lips and now she's getting injections lol"
b'remember when you were 9 and you were carrying ur little razor scooter and it would hit ur achilles and it felt like the earth was collapsing'
b"remember when you thought people in their 20's were adults? hahahahahaha (help me )"
b'remember when you use to be able to call someone 57 times, and hang up, and they never knew it was you? good times.'
b"reminder : tomorrow is my birthday \xe2\x98\x85 'just wanted to confirm '"
b'*reminiscing on elementary school* anonymous : " thnx for leaving me out guys " me : " oh wait that\'s when you were still homeschooled shiiiiiiiz "'
b"yes, it's not good imo. i am hoping they get their shit together for s2. needs better acting and writing."
b'i can not wait to see it love you, love that tongue more lol'
b'repeating the same tweets you posted a week ago, wtf is your mind repeating things awesome'
b'replacing my heart with another liver so i can drink more and care less.'
b"republicans do love a 'cause ' - why did not they put their money into helping child poverty instead of 'yes ' stickers and flags?"
b'research paper calc hw calc test sociology projects sociology test physics hw chemistry hw " senior year is going to be fun " exactly expressionless face unamused face'
b'stop being a fag, i need to do something for hope'
b'respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.'
b'respect your superiors. they made it through high school without google or wikipedia.'
b'resting bitch face saves me from so many conversations i do not want to be apart of'
b"i've missed some episodes of bc homework and stuff but i love spoilers yo lemme know who shot annalise"
b'restroom hand dryers are a great way to warm your hands before wiping them on your jeans.'
b'retweet if somebody is on your mind.'
b'retweet if you joined twitter because your family is on facebook.'
b'retweet if you pretend to think hard when your teacher is looking at you.'
b"retweet if you're excited to see our new photoshoot + collection at \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f sparkles"
b"retweet if you're single af"
b'retweet if you smile at the bitches who hate you.'
b"retweet this if you're not the same person that you were a year ago."
b'retweet this with your tongue! (95% of people can not do it )'
b'may it is time for retirement & give way for younger person.'
b'please do not use this view of hrc again. i find it offensive. also find offensive any other view of hrc. thank you.'
b'this what you will get from hillary clinton, obama bringing all those people in. trump wants to suspend that for a while f safety'
b'why the dems have done such a good job of dividing police and citizens?!'
b'revenge? i am too lazy. im just going to sit here and let karma mess you up'
b'will i know what you did last summer be on ur album that your working on?'
b"r/fo4 comments arguing on who's the best companion/waifu"
b'he sure is \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 its fantastic knowing we have 3 very good 7s in the squad. all world class in my opinion'
b'what a load of rubbish sorry richard white funny'
b"rich people stay rich by living like they're broke. broke people stay broke by living like they're rich."
b"that's what i've been trying to say. your a racist and your brother harper."
b'indeed they are as im going to shove paper well somewhere sun dont shine face with tears of joy face with tears of joy as my teen telling me who to vote for mmm'
b'are you going to rt the less flattering reviews of i have not seen it yet, but i wanna be angry about it.'
b"isn't that what the jews, christians, and muslims have been doing for a long time now, anyway?"
b'i think slough has to be a very close second favourite to free love freeway, i listen to them once a week before i beat my mrs'
b'not me. i think this tweet was all right. no problem with it.'
b'ask her, "if we play spin the bottle in outer space how long would it take before you held me in your arms?"'
b'why do these gender equal fag millennials feel the need to point out the " victim " was female'
b'right before i die i am going to say " i left a million dollars in the... "'
b'right... i am gonna attempt to stay awake to sort my sleep schedule out!'
b"right now a fedex driver is dropkicking your christmas gift onto someone's front porch."
b'right now i feel like izzy when she only shaved one leg'
b'right now i just wanna get an a in human a &p'
b"right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scrolling with your thumb."
b'right ok college can crash and burn literally fed up. the homework is a piss take.'
b'right when we were about to start our exam the fire alarm came on talk about perfect timing. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'do not know why i am worried about you but somethings been bothering you and you dont tell nobody so they assume its me but only i can see?'
b"are you aware that caused such a scene that the pple who want me dead identified me?i backed off cause if the can not me they'll find you"
b'ha a part of me hopes not grinning face with smiling eyes did enjoy hearing more of your plain ol voice tho, was different from the usual uguu'
b"probably 2 players that you'd never have in your pocket"
b'rio... well played yesterday you looked like you tried really hard to stop united scoring..'
b"rip diesel! you were a true hero and will never be forgotten. thank you for your service. we'll take it from"
b'rip facebook. too many of our parents joined.'
b'how you will be missed ha'
b"rip to all of the money i've spent on food this semester"
b'rip to all the songs i can not listen to anymore because they bring back bad memories'
b'r. i. p to all those good makeup & outfit days no one important saw'
b"r. i. p to everyone who fucked me over, played me, tried me or lied to me, because you're are all dead to me."
b'rip to the couples that will break up this week bc they can only see each other at school'
b"comes from what you're doing -"
b"riskiest text i've sent in a really long time. let's hope it wasn't a waste."
b'rite now is a bad time bc i want to be left alone by everyone, and i, mean absolutely everyone, even the people i actually love lol'
b"thank you very much, it means a lot to me! still have to understand a few things, i've never taken drawing lessons smile"
b"of course they are & we ain't mass spying on new zealanders either"
b": when we were preparing to get married, the registrar said we couldn't have angels played as it was religious?"
b"reading your feed is worse than the insomnia that lead to it... son of a bitch... it's like a co-ed volleyball players ass."
b'i know i will not get a response but i really enjoyed civil war.'
b"rob told me he was gunna drop kick me in the ovaries... well ain't you a great bestfrand!"
b'think magath may have seen our tweets, and used them as half time pep talk.'
b'rock bottom is when you get dinner at the same place you buy your gas'
b'rocket is starting pre-foundation classes so he can learn to do agility like these lucky puppies. i love this'
b'happy birthday living legend. i wish you a very great day with your family. i miss you very much. n. 1 for me forever.'
b"tell me you have not forgotten your twitter password.. just tell me that and i'll shut up"
b'roger & over good morning this is god! i will b handling all of your today i will need your help, so have a miraculous day'
b'internet and cable down for the second time in the past 3 days'
b': ruth davidson is the true and able leader of a future scotland. " that\'s me convinced! i am voting no now'
b'\xe2\x99\xaa roll roll roll your hoe fuck her till she screams bust a nut smack her butt then pass her to the team \xe2\x99\xaa \xe2\x99\xaa'
b"love you guys. it's fine there is no vlog today. ignore those ones who disagree. hope your day off is good"
b'you always put a smile on my face when im done and i love you and thank so much for that kepp up your grreat work love u!'
b'romeo and juliet killed themselves for their love, so i think you can at least answer my text message.'
b'hi romi, have a great night at the event dinner. you look absolutely stunning in your white dress!'
b'mom gave me dayquil thinking it was nyquil, so i feel better, but i am still awake at 3 am smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah i am hoping i can hit four or five tomorrow'
b"rose not travelling to belgrade means he'll probably start on sunday."
b'roses are red i have a phone nobody texts me forever alone a short poem by me.'
b"roses are red violets are blue faces like yours belong in the zoo do not be mad i'll be there too not in the cage but laughing at you"
b'roses are red heavy black heart violets are blue when i flush the toilet i remember you'
b"roses are white nightlock is blue it's called catching fire not hunger games 2."
b'"... once we get to the manor, i promise i\'ll attempt to rest again. sometimes writing has helped me sleep for a little bit. "'
b"can see catalonia's position as they want their own independence but north korea, what an alley to have."
b'roughly 70% of the contacts in my phone are restaurants, because i like food a lot more than people.'
b'has the restaurant opened? been out of town, and really looking forward to rowhouse!'
b'rt 10% boys only chat with girls on the rest 90% boys chat with fake accounts.. smile'
b'rt 12 - year - olds drinking alcohol to forget pain, like yeah dude, sit down and snort some rasna.'
b'rt 14 year olds updating " i drink to forget " me : wtf you trynna forget, the multiplication table?'
b'rt 15 years of hardwork in study and the only thing i remember is.. " mitrochondria is the power house of cell "'
b'rt 1 hundred years of " i have no idea what i am doing "'
b"rt 2016:if you sing your ex's song, you are back together face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'rt 2 minutes maggi takes about 8 -10 minutes to cook this is the reason i have trust issues!'
b"rt 2 things that pissed me off this morning :1. accidentally broke my iphone's screen. 2. i do not have an iphone."
b'rt 3am - 5am the time when genius minds either go to sleep or wake up (probably go to sleep... after all that gaming )'
b"rt 3 horrible facts 1. today isn't friday 2. tomorrow isn't friday 3. the day after tomorrow isn't friday"
b'rt 50 shades of " i donno what the fcuk i am doing with my life "'
b'rt 70 percent of my problems will be solved if i am rich and the remaining 40 percent, if i am good at maths unamused face'
b'rt 7 year old son - where is mom? dad - she is preparing food! son - *dad dont know its photosynthesis ha *'
b'rt 80% of people have met the person they are gonna marry and rest 20% are us'
b'rt about to have threesome with my life and my career'
b'rt about to send myself lot of gifts so that i can go like, omg! who send all these please tell'
b'rt absolute sarcasm is " to kill a mockingbird " not teaching you one thing about killing a mockingbird.'
b'rt a burglar broke into my house yesterday night. he said he was looking for money. and guess what? we teamed up.'
b'rt a bus station is where a bus stops. a train station is where a train stops. on my desk, i have a workstation'
b'rt according to a survey only 18 people per 1000 have vehicles. i think nowadays they only count mercedes as a vehicle :3'
b'rt according to indian parents switching off the fan is more effective than alarm to wake up somebody.'
b'rt according to my parents i am jon snow... cause i know nothing'
b"rt a cigarette is the only consumer product which when used as directed kills it's consumer."
b'rt *addiction to music* friend : how far away your home from college? me : " only 4 songs away ".'
b'rt adding " do you know " before a sentence to make your point strong'
b'rt admit it, the last time you saw your pendrive is before lending it to your friend.'
b'rt adult life is when your dark circles are bigger than your friends circle.'
b'rt a four-letter word that can distract you from your studies? no dear, its not love its wifi.'
b'rt after break up, keep ur crush ringtone & alarm tone same, so tat you can dismiss it and wake up as you wish'
b'rt after hearing girls jokes, i feel like i am kapil sharma'
b'rt after making girlfriend i came to know that chocolates of more than 100 rupees are available in the market.'
b"rt 'after rainy season ' is the best excuse of parents for not buying shoes, mobiles, etc for us"
b'rt after sunday, monday and tuesday, even the week says wtf!'
b'rt after watching a superhero movie i feel like a big guy... but then my mom scolds me and i come back to reality'
b'rt after watching " deadpool ", i realized that super heroes are getting really interesting.'
b'rt a girls agenda is pretty clear i can call you but i wont i can message you but naaah'
b'rt a guy looks both side before crossing one way guy 2: bro this is one way guy 1: bro there are female drivers everywhere face screaming in fear'
b'rt a guy standing at subway and ordering for the first time looks more confusing than standing in final semester viva.'
b'rt a human is a social animal, who does not tolerate his relatives'
b'rt is proof that you do not have to be good at what you do to be in the business'
b'rt akbar had 36 wives and over 300 women in his harem! and here am waiting for my crush to text back!'
b'rt a kid asked me what is stress i locked him in a room with high speed internet and 1% battery.'
b'rt alexander graham bell would be so proud that his groundbreaking invention is being used for taking duckface selfies.'
b'rt all i see is " " and i still do not know who she is'
b'rt all is good but i do not even have that girl in life who could friendzone me. smile'
b'rt all men are good either good for something or good for nothing.'
b'rt all my life i have done so many wrong things, but never been a dog on snapchat'
b'rt all my role models are playboys and i am here still like a potato.'
b'rt all that cocaine in the world and your nose is still in my business?'
b'rt all the poojas and nehas together can form a new nation.'
b'rt all these students gets gadget/vehicles for scoring good i would have my own house till now.'
b'rt " always bring the banana to your mouth, never bring your mouth to the banana ".'
b'rt always in a queue i hate the people infront of me and those who are behind me looks cool.'
b"rt a man is not complete until he is married... then he's finished"
b"rt a man's nothing is nothing, a woman's nothing is hell everything from earth to moon and back."
b'rt a man who has 8 packs already said that he wanted a much more stronger physique. what he wants to become? a stone?'
b'rt a man who has no imagination has no wings...! *le me : i hav a gf and im a millionaire'
b"rt a mistake is always a mistake on twitter because you ain't got any edit options."
b'rt am i the one who gets up late cuz i dont know what to do early morning'
b'rt am i the only one who can relate to the " smelly cat " song?'
b'rt am i the only one who thinks that all wrestlers should be nominated for an acting oscar'
b"rt am i the only one who thinks that 'flying chappal recieved ' posts are stupid?"
b'rt and if your mom does not add one more spoon after you say, " that\'s enough! " then you surely are \'adopted \' face with tears of joy'
b'rt and that list is quite short. short. exactly what she said. face with cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'rt and then one day we left our classroom and never returned.'
b'rt and then there are people who order popcorn at theatres but get hidden in toilet when they hear tc is coming.'
b"rt and when you realise the moment wasn't right to be sarcastic still you be like idgaf, i was awesome"
b'rt a population of over a billion and we still need toothpastes and deodorants to get closer. - india.'
b'rt apparently i snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car i am driving.'
b'rt apple inc. are so self obsessed that they have an " i " in all their devices.'
b'rt a recent study shows that your facebook friends are not interested in the minute by minute updates of your relationship'
b'rt - are you okay?! - no, i just saw your face!'
b'rt arranged marriage is just another way of saying " match fixing! "'
b'rt as an indian i must recommend you to never watch baghban with parents.'
b"rt as if push and pull were not enough to make me look stupid, somebody genius invented'slide to open '."
b"rt as i have grown older, i've learned that pleasing everyone is impossible, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake."
b'rt a sister is equalent to a mother until she eats away the cake in the fridge.'
b'rt " a snail can sleep for 3 years continuously ". - reason why i want another life.!.'
b'rt a study suggests an average person checks their phone 80 times a day finally i am above average at something'
b"rt a subjective type question become an objective type's answer key if you remove 'prove that ' from it."
b'rt at any point in life if you feel like people are ignoring you just think about the 2nd page of google search face with tears of joy'
b'rt at first they are average and when you leave them, they become the hottest creature on mother other.'
b'rt at marriages old people poke me and tell that i am next to get married, i do the same at funerals expressionless face'
b'rt aunt : you should watch knowledgeable series. me : like game of thrones? face with tears of joy'
b'rt *auto correct be like* i am very happy to have you in my life please do not live.'
b'rt a wise man once said be playful, it destroys ego. but he didnot say whose ego.'
b"rt a woman is always right even she puts the left indicator she'll turn right."
b'rt awsome is when your autocorrect takes " insane " as " indian "'
b'rt back then she had a crush on me now she has enough money to crush me over'
b'rt bad guys in movies : " but before i kill you, i want to tell you this really long story so you can be saved. " (-_-\')'
b'rt banks should avail an offer " we give you credit card and will not disturb you for the rest of the life "'
b'rt basically when people suck the life out of you, would not it be nice if they took some fat & bad luck too.'
b'rt *batch 2003 get -together* he - i had a crush on you she - i had a boyfriend'
b"rt battery of my trimmer wasn't workin.. got a new 1 then shaved its not a remote you see..!"
b'rt beach romantic travel destinations. made for the young. affordable only by the old.'
b'rt before i was married, i didnt even know there was a wrong way to put the milk back in the fridge.'
b'rt before - keep distance from tv or you will get spects now - wear spects, this world of vitual reality'
b'rt being able to instantly respond with sarcasm within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy mind.'
b'rt being a pizza delivery boy is awesome.. because no one is disappointed to see you'
b'rt being a th9 player in coc, i get more respect than getting 9 cgpa see no evil monkey'
b'rt being blown was just like your grades they both suck.'
b'rt being born into your parents religion is the first time you agree to terms and conditions without reading them'
b'rt being middle class, the only english song i love is the one whose lyrics i get.'
b'rt being " phantom zoned " is a lot better than being " friend zoned ".'
b"rt being selfish isn't a hard thing, just be my girlfriend"
b'rt being told you mean a lot to someone is such a good feeling dizzy symbol'
b'rt best ever quote written in the cancer hospital, " tobacco companies kills their best customers "'
b'rt bestfriend : person who takes ur jokes seriously and laughs on ur serious quotes face with cold sweat'
b"rt best friend says : a wise man once said to break things and so let's begin with your nose."
b'rt ****best pun ever **** what do you call a snobbish con going down the stairs a condescending con descending mic drop'
b'rt best thing about new generation would be that we can watch geme of thrones with them! face with tears of joy'
b'rt biggest joke of the century : computers & mobile were invented to save our time.'
b'rt billion underprivileged faces thank fb everyday for making them feel privileged.'
b'rt bisleri is the mountain water, i wonder if ants piss before filling the mountain water in bottles worry'
b'rt blaming video games for violence is like blaming your pen for failing your exam'
b'rt boy : how are you girl : f9 boy : what..? girl : fine & what are you doing? boy : f5 girl : what? boy : refreshing'
b'rt boys goes to bathroom :- takes 2 minutes girls goes to bathroom -: takes 20 minutes and 50 + selfies'
b'rt boys life - get up and ready in 5min making hair 30 min'
b'rt boy : will you go out with me this weekend? girl : sorry. i am having a headache this weekend!'
b'rt bullets are the only things that do their job only after they are fired.'
b'rt [burglar gently waking me up ] " you live like this? "'
b'rt buying expensive shoes is not a big deal, but convincing your friends its expensive is really a big deal.'
b"rt by the grace of god, i've everything except beautiful hand writing."
b'rt call a girl beautiful she will not notice call her fat n see chaos coming ur way coz elephants are big creatures'
b'rt can gossip girl come back with a spin off about chuck and blair after marriage? i would binge watch the crap out of that'
b'rt can i skip to the part of my life where i am financially stable and have someone to sleep next to every night'
b'rt can you back off my best friend? before you piss me off too, that would be great thanks unamused face'
b'rt celebs become more popular after they die'
b"rt censor board does not cut anything in bhai's movies because to cut anything there should be something face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b"rt censor board is the reason we'll never have a biopic on virat kohli"
b"rt censor board's logic : show vulgarity but hide reality"
b'rt " change can not be always given to you, you must bring change yourself " - an autowala to his passanger'
b"rt cheating bf to gf.. it is not the person who's bad, it's the circumstances.. period!"
b'rt childhood : the time when you did all your holiday homework seriously.'
b"rt child's experience : if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests."
b'rt china is about to test 7g and in india people are still forwarding that whats app message to 8 grps hoping for a miracle.'
b'rt christopher nolan is gonna be so pleased with indians who take photos while trying to take photos.'
b'rt cigarette is the only thing which gives you what they promise on the packet.'
b'rt *cling* me : if you can not handle me at my worst, kindly leave. because i do not have good side am awful always'
b"rt cocaine is god's way of telling you you are making too much money."
b'rt college is like losing your mom in the grocery store for 4 years'
b'rt commited* gets jealous of single friends* single *gets jealous of commited friends *'
b'rt congragulations! did pressing the elevator button 3 times in a row help you get there light fast?\xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\x92'
b'rt congratulations! by pressing the elevator button 3 times you ve forced it to come in hurry mode!'
b'rt congratulations, if you press the elevator button three times it goes into hurry mode \xe2\x80\x93 really'
b'rt *conversation with crush* me : hey, what kind of music you like? she : anything at a volume where i can not hear you!'
b'rt cop :do you know how fast you were going? me :my snapchat selfie says 45 cop :lmao add me'
b'rt coughing in front of smokers to make them feel guilty'
b'rt count yourself as one of the most patient & tolerant people if you are still using 2g.'
b'rt crush : i can not even stand you for more than 10 sec. me : great! add me on snapchat.'
b"rt dad : how's ur ma 'am look like? son : you look like my husband. dad : wtf? son : that's what she says everyday to me."
b'rt dads gonna chappet moms gonna belannet i am still gonna procrastinate'
b'rt dad :why have not you gone to write ur examination? son :dad do not disturb i am preparing for my exams face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt dad : you do realize that one day you will have to pay for all your own things. me : yeah but today is not that day.'
b"rt dare those school kids posting gpa's and percentages to do the same during college. face with tears of joy"
b'rt dat awkward moment, when you realise that d only thing dat comes naturally to you is self-deprecating humour.'
b"rt days have turned from'thug life ' to ' jhaand life '"
b'rt dead people are coming back in game of thrones and here i wait for a text back from my crush :/@sarcastic_us'
b"rt dear alarm, when i turn you on, please do not show me how many hours of sleep i'll have, its depressing!"
b'rt dear auto-correct, please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. you piece of shot!'
b'rt dear facebook, if you really cared about me you would not show memories that are 3 years old.'
b'rt dear girlfriend, i am not saying i hate you but if you get hit by a bus i will be driving that bus. lots of love.'
b'rt dear girls, before you try to find someone who treat you like a princess, learn how to cook first atleast.'
b'rt dear girls marry that guy who goes to bank with a pen, they are the most responsible people!'
b'rt dear guys, person raising both hands in celebration next time a girl brother zone you, file a case aksing for share in his fathers wealth'
b'rt dear math, please grow up and solve your own problems. im tired of solving them for you.'
b"rt dear maths, i am sick tired of finding your 'x '.. just accept the fact that she is gone move on dude smile"
b"rt dear parents, we know money does not grow on trees, that's why we are asking you for it."
b'rt dear relatives, when i say i want to kill you that does not mean i do not love you it is just because i want you free you frm dis world.'
b"rt death is god's way of saying you are fired. suicide is humans way of saying, i quit."
b"rt deja poo : the feeling that you've heard this crap before."
b"rt deleting one 'ha ' from your 'hahahahahahaha ' because you feel like it's too much of haha."
b'rt dhoni named his daughter ziva - may be he wanted her to be best finisher in class attendance!'
b'rt did something bad happen to you, or are you just naturally this terrible of a person?'
b'rt did you get a haircut? me : no i dyed the tips of my hair invisible'
b'rt " did you just fall? " " no. i attacked the floor. " " backwards!? " " i am freaking talented! "'
b'rt did you know? lack of light is the cause of darkness.'
b'rt did you know? science proves that most people are born on their birthday.'
b'rt difference between real laugh and fake laugh in chat real : hahaa fake : ha'
b"rt difference btwn girl's argument nd knife - knife has a point."
b"rt disney : we'll draw eyelashes on minnie so you know she's female animators : but men have eyelashes too disney : lol"
b'rt doc : hoping for a boy or a girl? guy : was hoping to pull out, but here we are'
b'rt doctor, my nose is 11 inches long! come back when it grows into a foot face with tears of joy'
b"rt doctors after operation and students after examination says the same ' just pray to god '"
b"rt doctor : take this medicine emply stomach 3 times a day me : i've never had an empty stomach since 2001 buddy"
b'rt doctor : why did you take your medicine at 6 am yet i told you 9 am..? boy : i wanted to surprise the bacteria'
b'rt does any girl around the world ever wished for a sarcastic boyfriend?'
b'rt do it for the people who want to see you fail... expressionless face'
b'rt do not count your chickens before they hatch... they said, do not pay before service... they never said'
b'rt dont fall in love because everything that falls vets body slammed by jhon cena.'
b'rt do not fall in love with her on social media, any minute she can become he.'
b'rt do not know about inner child, but my inner sarcasm keeps popping up every now & then.'
b'rt do not know what is more neglected, ios update or middle child.'
b"rt do not let your mind wander, it's far too small to be let out on its own."
b'rt " do not like me, cool i do not wake up to impress you " is the most overused caption of all time.'
b'rt do not worry about what people think. they do not do it very often.'
b"rt do not worry if you had a bad day, remember there are people who have their ex girlfriend's name tattooed."
b'rt do not worry password, my life is more unsecured than you.'
b'rt do not worry when your knowledge is too poor or your handwriting is enough bad, in hindi. congrats! you know'
b'rt do not you just love it when " accidentally " spills freezing cold water down you when it\'s -10000 degrees.'
b'rt do you ever wonder what ur most noticeable feature is like what do people see first when they look at you'
b'rt " do you know any example of a double negative? " " i do not no. "'
b'rt drawing is the 2nd best thing in which hand works while imagining.. " should i mention the 1st one "?'
b"rt *driving at high speed* police : you're fined me : but sir i am learning p : without teacher? me : yes, i am from iin"
b'rt due to these stupid television serials, girls are getting scared of any casual omitting'
b'rt each morning gravity around the bed is 10 times stronger.'
b'rt early to bed, early to rise make your girlfriend talk to other guys'
b"rt either i am jobless af or conversing with 10 different people at a time. there's no in-between."
b"rt engineering students : that's what we do. we study and we forget things."
b'rt engineers are single af that the only lubricant they know is oil!'
b'rt english is such an abusive language. i mean " a bc d ". wtf!'
b"rt even delhi's weather is having mood swings."
b'rt even facebook has many faces. no one is true.'
b"rt even if i was to be a sharmaji's son,, i dont think i could be a topper in my class...!"
b'rt even i, myself, am unsure when i say : " just 5 mins "'
b'rt even my cellular says she is out of your reach *crush *'
b'rt ever felt non reputed think about the people on fb who comment : like and comment back with hundreds of characters'
b'rt ever morning i was like " welcome to the real world. it sucks. you\'re gonna love it!'
b'rt every 60 sec. there is someone who posts a positive quote but never implements it on him/herself.'
b'rt every break up has a story mine was just denied to share pizza with her.'
b"rt every country has an independence day except britain because they're the one's everyone was seeking independence from"
b'rt every day dinner story me : hey dad can you pass the salts dad :i dont know, can you pass the semeste'
b'rt everyday sunny leone creates a history which is being cleared by guys before going to sleep.'
b'rt every girl i met has a boy friend and every boy i met is single.. who are these girls dating? aliens?'
b'rt every girl needs a boyfriend, because you can not always blame the government for everything'
b'rt every morning my bed becomes center of gravity of the universe, very difficult to leave...'
b'rt everyone at home wakes up early coz of the alarm i set and i still keep snoozing it.'
b'rt everyone has a story to tell. but all you need is a person who would listen patiently. white smiling face'
b'rt everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege.'
b"rt everyone wanna live someone's life in my case i wanna live lord krishna's life just imagine thousands of wives smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'rt everyone : yeahhhhh... today is sunday smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes me : what the fishhh! tomorrow is monday... damnnn! \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'rt " everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind always "'
b'rt everything in the world is either potato or not a potato.'
b'rt every time i sit on meditation before night studies, i get up in the morning'
b'rt every woman is an open book... written in a language you can not comprehend.'
b'rt exact maturity is when we come to know that 5star and diary milk are products of the same company smile smile'
b'rt exams are good they make me realise i can sit idle for 3 hours without my phone.'
b'rt ex :hey he : " if you become a mother, can i have one of the puppies "'
b'rt expecting a job after engineering is like, seeing your crush and thinking she will be your gf one day...! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt experience is a wonderful thing. it enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.'
b"rt ex's friend - im sorry on her behalf me - congratulations, i hate you too"
b'rt facebook is telling me to " reconnect " with my brother... hmmm, i see him everyday grinning face'
b'rt facebook is the only place, where one can feel lonely with 85 others on just one bed in a single room.'
b'rt facebook memories shows that how stupid we were. we shares them again to prove that still there is no change.'
b'rt facebook : we care about you thats why we have angels!'
b'rt fact : neil a. first man out of space is backward spelled alien.'
b'rt fall in love with someone who works harder to save the relationship like virat kohli saves his matches!'
b'rt fat girls should be socially accepted fat boys should go to gym and have abs.'
b'rt fb is the only place where antisocial people compete with each other to show off how much they socialize.'
b'rt feminists are people who cant accept the fact that ross and rachel were on a break'
b'rt few days ago in a shopping mall a kid called me uncle smile + &gt ;_ < ;.. i feel you girls'
b'rt figured out today that my gps has autocorrect.. i put in " beach house " and ended up in my ex\'s driveway.'
b'rt first love is a kind of vaccination which saves man from catching the complaint the second time.'
b"rt first world problems : i couldn't listen to tv so i had to stop eating chips. ;-;"
b"rt flies are funny. first they'll come near your tea, try to taste it, and then make a dive and die in it."
b'rt follow me on instagram, " thatssarcasm " i will follow some of you two hearts'
b'rt for her i am like the third page of google search'
b'rt for those people who say conjuring 2 was not scary, please move ahead of trailer and watch the whole movie ur truely enemy'
b"rt freedom is just another word for people finding out you're useless!"
b'rt friend : are you going to school tomorrow? me : nah, i am riding my unicorn to mars instead.'
b"rt friend : how's your girlfriend? me : 'would be ' would be more precise."
b'rt friend : i have a physics paper. wish me luck. me : may the rate of change of momentum be with you smile'
b'rt friend - man i wonder what heaven is like me - you have not eaten a pizza?'
b'rt friend -oh god! had a bad day at work me-aww.. go get a beer friend -i dnt want a beer me -who said it was for you'
b'rt friend - what kind of food you like? me - tasty and unhealthy to keep me in my circular shape < ;3'
b"rt friend :you're very handsome do not let anyone tell you any different me :they don't."
b'rt frnds : just stay silent wait & let her realise. *younger brothers grandson got married* me : still waiting **'
b'rt fuck off these iit sums. in the end i am going to use only + -*/ and %.'
b'rt fun fact : if you live in nepal its 100% sure that you will die one day.'
b"rt gain a little bit of muscle & everyone swears you're on steroids."
b"rt gal to a guy gal : aww you're so sweet! me :wow, you even know what he tastes like what did you do? took a bite?"
b"rt game of thrones effect : i asked a beautiful girl what's your name? she replied : a girl has no name!"
b'rt getting into a good college in india is so hard that sometimes i feel sad for not being handicapped!'
b'rt gf - i lost my grandma today. me - lol for grandma gf - slap...'
b"rt gf : you failed as a bf. let's breakup! me (engineering student ) : when is the last date for applying reevaluation?"
b"rt girl : how far your home is? me : take my phone, when wifi get connected automatically then understand that we're home."
b'rt girl : " omg, i am so ugly! " me : yes, that\'s why you have 494 photos in an album called\'me \'.'
b'rt girls be like.. google help me.. but only as a friend expressionless face'
b'rt girls be like " my bullshit is my best friend\'s bullshit\'s best friend "'
b'rt girls call me ugly until they come to know how much money i make. then they call me ugly and poor.'
b'rt girls gets offended when called a bitch when girls spent hours trying to look like a dog in snapchat'
b'rt girls on instagram be like, i am victoria secret model. wonder if victoria knows this secret.. xd!'
b'rt girls are simple their yes means yes, no means yes &no means no, no means maybe, maybe means no & yes means maybe'
b'rt girls who talk about standards ends up their day by watching " sasural simar ka ".'
b'rt girl : what should i do for this halloween to scare everyone? me : go without makeup.'
b'rt girl : when you will be free? boy : squared cjk unified ideograph 6e80 girl : now what is this? boy : even i do not know.'
b"rt give a man a fish, and he'll instagram it ; teach a man to fish, and he'll update it on facebook."
b'rt god damn " thanks for the follow " dms always piss me off'
b'rt god wanted to make horses superior over human, but they did neigh.'
b'rt goes out to buy some things will listen to music on the way leaves home takes earphones out untangles them back home'
b'rt going by the effects and the post-movie trauma, just imagine if the conjuring 2 was released in 3d?! face with tears of joy face savouring delicious food'
b"rt going on facebook has become the equivalent of opening the fridge and staring inside, even though you're not hungry."
b'rt good sarcasm comes from experience and a lot of that comes from bad trolls.'
b'rt googles : how to become popular google : tweet any joke and wait'
b'rt google translate is still not so useful. it does not translate what a **holes say, in a language that i understand.'
b'rt got a wifi signal me - connect wifi - " i have a boyfriend "'
b'rt guns are old screenshots can do more damage'
b'rt guys, how to gain followers on instagram? turn yourself into a hot girl!'
b'rt handle every problem lyk a dog.. if cant eat it or play with it, just pee on it and walk away!'
b"rt happiness is when you get the'skip ad ' option in a youtube video!"
b"rt happy b'day sonakshi cena! we have not seen her like in a year? and other reasons too for cena face with tears of joy"
b'rt hard work is like facebook update no one really wants to do it but you have to do it after all.'
b'rt have no regrets except all those facebook pages you liked back in 2009, regret those'
b"rt have you ever had to restart a song because you spaced out and weren't appreciating it enough"
b'rt have you ever met the human version of a period cramp'
b'rt have you fallen in love so hard that you can actually see your wallet going empty but you can not help it anyway.'
b'rt having a case on your phone is like wearing a condom, it feels so much better without it but its not worth the risk.'
b'rt having one child makes you a parent but having two child makes you a refree'
b'rt hbd ugly jonathong! thanks for always being there to piss me off and insult me face with medical mask'
b'rt he : a glass for me too pls? she : i can not bear to share my beer with a bear.'
b'rt hearing censored version of eminem songs is like eating gulabjaamun without the taste of labjaamun.'
b'rt he : hey! how do you do? she : what i how do? he : tera sir pouting face *blocked *'
b'rt he - i like someone. she - really? who? he - she kinda looks like u.. s - aww.. h - i ws talking abt ur sister.'
b'rt hello everybody, i am using the internet explorer. i hope this post gets here on time. happy new year 2011!'
b'rt he : lolzzzzz me :wht? did you laugh urself to sleep'
b'rt helping my sister in searching her chocolate that i ate just few hours ago. face with tears of joy'
b"rt her attitude is based on how you treat her. treat her right and she'll treat you better. do her wrong and she'll do you wors"
b"rt here's a tissue, you have a bullshit on that lip smile"
b'rt he said, `my heart is a phone and baby you are the sim. " she blushed. little did she know about dual sim phones.'
b'rt he : say those 3 magical words. she : candy crush saga *marked as sexual abuse *'
b'rt he - tell me the three magical words angel priya - im a boy!'
b"rt he : who's your favourite singer? she : 'feat. ' i love his all songs.. he : *leaves the planet *"
b'rt " hey are you crying? " " no i was pretending that i was a fountain "'
b'rt hey usa, you sure donald is your trump card coz we indians keep such joker cards aside'
b'rt hey where have you been all my life? can you pls go back there'
b'rt history is never made by those people who use incognito mode in their browsers. (anonymous )'
b'rt history is never made by those who use incognito browsers'
b"rt hollywood logic :they'll let kids sleep alone even if the house is haunted kollywood logic :bro, what's the spelling of logic"
b'rt hope my grades celebrate 420 and get super high today'
b'rt how can i be in a relationship with my best friend but i always want my boy friend to be my best friend'
b'rt how can there be peace if people are still fighting for window seats?'
b'rt how to make thesis :1. meet up with your group 2. cry together.'
b"rt how to ruin someone's sunday? tell them tomorrow's monday... *as evil as it gets *"
b'rt human bodies are made up of blood and guts ; while my body is made up of caffeine and mistakes and unrequited sarcasm'
b'rt hyundai cars old version h9 recent version i10 new version to j11 come'
b'rt i act like i do not care... bt deep down inside...! i still do not give a f **k! smiling face with sunglasses'
b'rt i actually have a really good fashion sense, i just do not have no money'
b'rt i always learn from mistakes of others, who took my advice.'
b'rt i alwayz think of living my life on my own terms bt den i c my food consumption n return remorsefully to my sucky job'
b'rt i am a virgin and i am not so much depressed as trumph.'
b'rt i am constantly torn between " i do not need anyone \' " and " hey you please fall in love with me "'
b'rt i am good at three things 1. eating 2. sleeping in the odd times 3.'
b'rt i am good friends with 25 alphabets of english. i do not know y.'
b'rt i am just waiting for the new album of taylor swift about clavin harris face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt i am not funny, i am just being mean and people think i am joking'
b'rt i am not saying that i love u.. what i am saying is that... you are literally what a saturday night sleep meant for me'
b'rt i am so afraid to commitments that i do not actually brush in night.. cuz i have to commit not to eat after that!'
b'rt i am so deep into friendzone that she asked me to buy men condom for her to be used by some else guy.'
b'rt i am so middle class that i actually do get affected by rising fuel price.'
b"rt i am so ugly that, if i want my gf to call me cute.. i'll have to find a blind one.. angry face crying face face savouring delicious food"
b'rt i am so unlucky that, i have spent my change to buy carry bags.'
b'rt i am such simple and honest that on whatsapp i send smiley similar to my skin colour.'
b'rt i am weak on weekdays and it ends over weekend.'
b'rt i asked a gal to text me when she got home...! she must be homeless sad'
b'rt i asked to 100 women which shampoo they preferred... almost all of them replied " how the hell did you get in here? "'
b'rt i become more religious while running back to bed after switching off the lights than while praying in the temple.'
b'rt i call my friends rather than ringing their doorbells bcz i have a bad habit of running away after ringing doorbells.'
b'rt i can ignore you to such an extent that you, yourself would doubt your presence.'
b'rt i can not forget 3 things in my life 1. parents 2. my first love & 3. our wifi password.'
b"rt i can not stare at a boy for so long he ain't fifa!"
b'rt ice bucket, childhood, black and white etc etc... nobody came up with aadhaar card pic challenge. humanity still exists'
b'rt i chose to keep quiet... to lie low... to cut the communication... because it is only by then i can see who truly cares!'
b"rt i could've blocked you back.. only if i cared enough."
b"rt i do not always get friendzoned, but when i do it's always."
b'rt i do not care if someone does not like me. as far as i know i am not a facebook status to be liked.'
b'rt i dont care when a person ignores me cuz i know page no. 2 of google is ignored by everyone in the world...'
b'rt i dont even get mad anymore! i expect bullshit from people.'
b'rt i dont get snapchat, you dont get sarcasm. call it even?'
b'rt i do not get why people constantly return to the refrigerator with hopes that something new to eat will have materialized?'
b'rt i do not have good mornings, only good mournings.. crying face'
b'rt i do not remember last time, i went to bed, and woke up on a different day'
b'rt i do not trust stairs. because they are always up to something.'
b'rt i dont use lol wen people joke... but if i use i jus mean to say " lord of losers ".'
b"rt i'd tell you a chemistry joke but i know i would not get a reaction."
b'rt if a professor takes your surprise test then organize a surprise mass bunk.'
b'rt if a taxi driver decreases a song volume but does not put off when you get a phone call, the song is of his choice.'
b"rt if a woman is able to contain her thoughts in a limit of 140 words, she's a keeper. face with tears of joy"
b"rt if a woman tells you that you're right, that's called sarcasm."
b'rt if caterpillars are able to sleep for a long time and come out prettier why cant i'
b'rt if chandler was a real person, he would have the most retwwets or most likes on a youtube comment.'
b'rt if dreams come true... my crush will stay as a crush only'
b'rt i feel more ugly after watching a barbie movie.'
b'rt i felt sorry for my parents when my results were out cause our neighbour sharma ji was childless. *my poor parents *'
b'rt if friends were made now, then all of the characters would have visited each other more on fb than in central perk'
b'rt if i am your best friend then there are chances of your girlfriend not having periods without even you touching her.'
b'rt if i had 1 for everytime dat im thinking about you, nvm waste of time'
b"rt if i had a time machine, i'd go back 2 years in past and punch myself for not choosing a cool twitter id"
b"rt if i reach my parents something, they're learning from their mistake!"
b"rt if i sleep early, it does not mean i am sayana bacha but my phone's battery has died and i am too lazy to charge it."
b'rt if i wanted to kill myself i would climb into your ego and jump into your iq.'
b'rt if i was famous i would just knock on peoples doors and be like hello yes its me.'
b'rt if i were to give up sarcasm, that would leave interpretative dance moves as my only means of communication'
b'rt if life gives you lemons sqeeze it in peoples eyes. face with tears of joy tons of people had written it but its am tym.'
b'rt if microsoft hires only lazy people then by this time i would have been a millionaire'
b'rt if my result incrase like petrol price my parents feel very happy for me'
b'rt if " no " was not a word, dad would have been speechless.'
b'rt if one door closes and another one opens, your house is probably haunted.'
b"rt i forget what it's like to have a normal sleeping pattern"
b'rt i formally apologize to anyone who knew me when i was 12.'
b'rt if puma was not a fitness brand. it would be called huma.'
b'rt if she has not kissed you even after the 4th date, she is here for free food.'
b"rt if she says she'll die without you, she wont even suffer a fever face with tears of joy"
b'rt if that day the whole tree would have fell upon newton then half of our studies burden could have reduced'
b'rt if the life gives you nuts... then just... roast it like aib.'
b'rt if the mobile gets spoiled blame the child, if child gets spoiled blame the mobile - stupid logic'
b'rt if the people are not laughing at your goal, your goals are too small'
b"rt if there are n days between two consecutive tests the phrase ' i will study tomorrow ' is repeated n -1 times."
b'rt if there was a subject teaching how to kill time, i would without doubt be the teacher and the topper'
b'rt if they ever give a gift for procrastination, then'
b'rt if they were not caught there would be no difference between politicians (except a few ) and outlaws.'
b"rt if trees gave wifi all must have planted trees... but it's sad that it only gives oxygen for us... plant trees! smile"
b'rt if you came in like a wrecking ball'
b'rt if you cant handle a little sarcasm, we cant be friends.. ;-)'
b'rt if you can not handle me at my worst then you probably can not have me \'cause " the worst " is all i got.'
b'rt if you feel ur self useless remember that there are girls with alienware laptops'
b'rt if ur cooler than me. that would make me hotter than you'
b'rt if ur still waiting for hannah montana to make a comeback'
b'rt if ur ugly af'
b'rt if you want to check the limits of your aggressiveness better you prefer 2g net packs'
b'rt if whatsapp viewed when the message is read from the notification, trust me we all would have been doomed.'
b'rt if you allow your genetics to determine your life, it simply means blood rules, not the brain.'
b'rt if you are given a choice between world peace and a porsche 911, what colour would you like your porsche to be?'
b"rt if you are good at something never do it for free...! that's how prostitution came into picture."
b'rt if you buy a royal enfield and do not go to laddakh within 3 months, it will ride by itself to there'
b'rt if you can be sarcastic in 140 character, boy do not we have twitter just for you?'
b'rt if you can be sarcastic in 140 characters, there is nothing you can not do. lol'
b'rt if you can have fun without getting wasted or high.'
b'rt if you can speak fluent sarcasm.'
b'rt if you can not change the girl. then change the girl. - saying single.'
b'rt if you can not sleep. -. - i am not getting up on time tomorrow.'
b'rt if you carefully split the word dieting, it becomes - die eating winking face'
b'rt if you closely hear me, you will listen me not caring.'
b'rt if you commit a crime 90 times, you will be caught 45 times because : sin 90 is equal to cot 45.'
b'rt if you could choose between world peace and porsche 911, what colour would you want your porsche to be?'
b'rt if you do not have hope that flipping grades from f to a can happen. go flip burgers.'
b"rt if you dont post 'alhamdulillah done with sehri ' you're doing faaqa only"
b'rt " if you do not want someone to break into your bathroom with a cameraman, better use our product. " -colgate.'
b'rt if you ever feel useless in life just remember that every chinese manufacturer have quality engineers.'
b"rt if you have read and laughed at other people's conversations on orkut then your childhood was awesome!"
b"rt if you look closely at the screen you'll notice you are closer to the screen."
b"rt if you love someone, set them free. unless it's a tiger."
b'rt if you love something, let it go. if it comes back, it was meant to be. if it does not, hunt it down & kill it.'
b'rt if your boobs glow in the dark'
b'rt if youre 1d af if you dont retweet caroline waka flocka flame will show up at your house while youre sleeping'
b"rt if you're always straightening things, you have ocd. if you're always eating things you've obcd!"
b'rt if your enemies stab you from behind, you must really be ugly to face. (more than your back )'
b"rt if you're swimming by the lake and you're hungry, go up to an old person. they'll give you bread."
b'rt if your mom doesnot add one more spoon after you say " that\'s enough ", then my friend you are adopted.'
b'rt if your mother does not force you to eat extra chapati every time you eat.. then my friend you are adopted.. crying face'
b'rt if you start school tomorrow. fav if you want one more week of summer.'
b'rt if you talk to god, you are religious. if god talks to you, you are psychotic.'
b'rt if you think about a wonderful future. stop it immediately!'
b'rt if you think cigarettes are a huge turnoff'
b'rt if you think you have a boring life, there is someone out there somewhere typing " terms & conditions ".'
b'rt if you try hard you may find a girl with logic, but you will not find set max without sooryavansham.'
b"rt if you've ever been called a liar when you actually were telling the truth."
b'rt if you wait for her dp to load in 2g internet face with cold sweat then you are in real love smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'rt if you wake up at 6 am and check your phone without even cleaning your eyes toh haan mere dosst barbad ho chuke ho tum!'
b'rt if you want a permanent scar, prefer tattoo instead of falling in love.'
b'rt if you want to check the girl \xf0\x9f\x98\x85... just say pay our dinner bill! and if she pay that bill seriously marry her! face with tears of joy grinning face'
b'rt if you want to spread a rumor quickly just ask your girlfriend not to tell anyone about it.'
b'rt if you watch conjuring 2 without updating status about it on fb. the ghost from the movie will find you and haunt you.'
b'rt i get less action than a red light in gta.'
b'rt i get so upset when i look at my wallet, and not see'
b'rt ignore your problems like you ignore the male actors in a porn movie!'
b'rt i hated copying as a school student then came this : ctrl+c ctrl+v now i hate school for making me write so much!'
b'rt i hate it when auto-correct changes my " omg " to " omg " like, chill out, i am not that surprised.'
b'rt i hate it when mom says " get up its already morning, sun is out ". so what am i supposed to do? photosynthesis?'
b'rt i hate it when people do not understand sarcasm. it does not take a genius to work it out smile'
b'rt i hate it when people lie, like just be honest damn'
b'rt i hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious'
b'rt i hate remembering good times that i had with people who ended up being really shitty to me'
b'rt i hate these ppl.. they call me crazy.. bring my spaceship.. i am gonna go back to mars'
b'rt i hate waking up at 6am but i do not mind staying awake till 6am.'
b'rt i hate wen people ask me " how do you react to this? " im lik " no,, im lik a nobel gas... my octet is complete "'
b'rt i hate when i go to the kitchen to get some food, but i only find ingredients.'
b"rt i hate when i am trying to blow out birthday candles and little kids try to do it with me excuse you it's not ur birthday so ta"
b'rt i hate when people say " look at me when i am talking to you. " i mean, c\'mon, one inconvenience at a time.'
b'rt i have 2 reason (s ) why i do not give money to my girlfriend. first : i do not have money. second : i do not have girlfriend.'
b'rt i have 3 sides in my life. 1. fun and crazy side face with tears of joy face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes 2. loving and caring side heavy black heart smiling face with smiling eyes 3. the side you never want to see in me. \xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x92\x80'
b'rt i have a short and i mean short, almost non-existent, tolerance for people who refuse to use common sense.'
b"rt i have decided to leave my past behind me. so if i owe you money.. i am sorry. but i've moved on -_-"
b"rt i have one of those unlimited cell phone plans. there's no limit to how much they can charge me."
b"rt i have seen guys having adam's apple bigger than my achievements...!"
b'rt i have so high self respect, that i respect my bad decisions in advance.'
b'rt i hide my " last seen " so that people think that something is going on in my life! smile'
b'rt i hope you regret all the shit you put me through, bitch'
b'rt i jus hate probability... they toss a coin, roll a die for nothing lik if they hav no work,, i can help em find one'
b'rt i just congratulated myself for wasting another month of 2016'
b'rt i just got to know that fb likes do not cure cancer'
b'rt i just wanna travel and be in love and eat good food.'
b'rt i just woke up? why? why do i do this to myself.'
b'rt i know god made us in his image but an additional sleep button would have helped.'
b'rt i liked her she like me i loved her she loved me. n then... she said as a friend'
b'rt i like long text messages because i appreciate a complete thought.'
b'rt i like the voice you make when you shut the fvck up'
b'rt i like those units which are prepared in rickshaw just before examination. eyes'
b"rt i'll pay the bill, said no girl ever... you're like my friend, said no boy ever"
b'rt i look at some people and think " really? that\'s the sperm that won? "'
b'rt i lost my mobile 2 hours back and i am already feeling like a saint!'
b"rt i love my country, that's why i detest the government."
b'rt i love my life, but it just wants to be friends with me sad'
b'rt i made a joke that made me look/act so rude and i think i offended someone'
b'rt " imagination is the key to success " me : i have million rs. in my hand'
b'rt imagine how awesome life would be if pizzas slice of pizza made you skinny!'
b'rt imagine how life would be if pizza made you skinny.'
b'rt imagine if social media like twitter n instagram wer real. strangers standing wit u, repeating you everytime you say something'
b"rt imagine insulting someone with a high flying pun. it'll be an udta pun jab."
b"rt i am at that stage of life that if i get run over by a car, i'd probably thank and hug them."
b'rt i am busy now. can i ignore you some other time?'
b'rt i am glad that i spent my childhood crying for toys and not cell phones.'
b'rt i am good at doing things... unless it is yoga, maths or handling a baby'
b'rt i might be polite on chat but you will never knew that i was typing with my middle finger!'
b'rt im naturally funny cause my whole life is a joke'
b'rt people trying to shove christ down my throat piss me off. i am happy with my religion, thanks.'
b'rt im not a second choice im priority you bish'
b'rt i am not ready for monday, can i get another sunday!'
b'rt i am not saying i hate you what i am saying is that you are literally the monday of my life'
b'rt i am not saying that was a great guy... but heyy... he really saved the history channel..!'
b'rt i am not single. i am very much in a relationship. i am in a relationship with my work and my video games.'
b'rt i am not so good with the advice. can i interest you in a sarcastic comment?'
b'rt... i am not the kind to reply every single text, i am just too lazy to text you but i replied in my mind.'
b'rt i am on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle.'
b'rt i am so forever alone that no one gives me any whatsapp dares. tired face'
b'rt i am so ugly that i find my aadhaar card photo attractive! :3'
b'rt i am that poor who can not even afford a rajnigandha pouch to become rich.'
b'rt *in a restaurant* manager - mam did you love our food? girl - yes, but as a friend'
b'rt in bus as brakes applied i hit a girl she -wat are you doing?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0 me -enginnering nd u?\xf0\x9f\x98\xa8\xf0\x9f\x98\xa8'
b"rt 'india ' a place where 'ganda kapde ' are used for cleaning purposes"
b'rt india is place where length of the clothes decide the character of a girl'
b"rt india is the only place where we check the neighbor's house during a power-cut."
b'rt " indian moms " deserve to be the admins of sarcasm! face with tears of joy'
b'rt indian policemen are some of those privileged people who are able to do work and business, simultaneously.'
b'rt indians are so jugaadu, if at a public toilet the kundi breaks they manage screaming " hodor ".'
b'rt indians use their voter id card more for buying a sim than to vote. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt india, where car drivers thinks two wheelers are idiot and two wheelers thinks car drivers are idoits.'
b'rt in exam we look up for inspiration down for desperation, left and right for information face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt in front of my crush i do more stupid mistakes than autocorrect.'
b'rt in india.. even if you do not know anything about football.. you are already a diehard fan of messi and ronaldo.'
b'rt in india, hollywood horror movies turns into a comedy movie when you watch it in a local theatre.'
b'rt in india people like buy 1 get 1 free more than 50% discount'
b'rt in india people will judge you acc. to the th level you are in coc smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'rt in india right to freedom of speech is not given by constitution. at childhood it is guarded by parents and later by society.'
b'rt in india, sitting peacefully in a public bus and sh*tting peacefully in a public toilet are equally impossible'
b'rt in india some people learn abusive languages in school and some while driving.'
b'rt in india, you are single until 29.. after that you are unmarried.!'
b"rt in movies, there's always a gun kept at home only to try committing suicide. few even succeed doing and become ghosts."
b"rt in my case love triangle at it's worst because it actually contains me, my girlfriend and my credit card."
b'rt in order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision face with cold sweat raised hand'
b'rt " insaniyat " and " insanity " define the difference between calling someone an " angel " or an " angle ".'
b'rt instead of " 90% will fail to answer ", it should be : " 90% will succeed to waste their time on this "'
b'rt interviewer : how faithful are you? me : never left my clan in clash of clans. *hired *'
b'rt interviewer : one thing you are good at? me : doing miskates'
b'rt interviewers be like : we are looking someone at the age of 22 -24 with 30 years of experience.'
b'rt interviewer : so what do you have planned for the future? me : lunch interviewer : no like long term. me : oh... dinner.'
b'rt interviewer : tell me about yourself she : i have a boyfriend'
b"rt interviewer - tell me what you're good at? me - i am good at eating."
b'rt interviewer : what are you good at? me : sarcasm... interviewer : will you show it to us? me : no'
b'rt interviewer :why do you want to be a librarian? me :i like to tell people to be quite.'
b"rt interviewer : why do you want this job? me :i've just always been very passionate about not starving to death"
b'rt interviewer : why should we hire you? me : because you are hiring.'
b'rt in the battle between sleep and studies counter strike always wins.'
b"rt in the beginning god made heaven and the earth. the rest was'made in china '"
b'rt *in " the burger king " * waiter - how is the burger? me - " i am loving it ". *kicked out with disrespect *'
b'rt in the mood to receive 5 billion dollars in cash'
b"rt invited to gf's house for lunch met her dad (ex - army ) asked him the wifi password said - taken 1234"
b'rt iphone users just need a moment to post a screen shot to let everyone know that they owe iphone.'
b'rt iphone users should have extra pocket to keep them safe from the disease of holding iphone in hands all the time.'
b'rt i smile really smile hate smile how smile i smile need smile constant smile reassurance smile smile smile smile smile smile smile smile'
b"rt i really thought life would be funny and cool until i was 18, now it's only funny"
b"rt ironically iron man can not iron his iron suit but magneto can... that's magnificent"
b'rt ironically people who post " keep calm it is mah birthday week " can not actually keep their calm.'
b"rt irony is girl's tweeting money can not buy happiness from their iphone 6s"
b'rt irony is that price of half bitten apple products is more than full apple'
b'rt irony is when girls who works at " i do not work, i am a princess " cry for placement after their college.'
b'rt i said - i am man of steel she said - i am woman of corrosion'
b'rt i scored so badly in my 10th that i myself tell people that the mark sheet is fake!'
b'rt is it only me who wants the world to end, the night before every exam results?'
b'rt i spend most of my free time in that imaginary world where my crush actually likes me.'
b'rt i stuck my tongue out because i am mature like that. you are immature for pointing out my maturity'
b'rt it does not surprise me when friends ask " what\'s app ".'
b'rt i tell my parents a funny story, then it turns into a " life -lesson "'
b'rt i tend to say " i do not know " when i am too lazy to think'
b'rt i think i am nt a true indian i scroll down without liking pics'
b'rt i think the most ironic thing is dying in a living room.'
b'rt i think to quit smoking, but to think i need cigarette'
b'rt i though i was awesome but unfortunately i can not make smoke rings.'
b'rt i thought i wanted a career, turns out i just wanted paychecks'
b'rt i thought to mention alia in a tweet buy she will not understand'
b'rt it is easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled unamused face'
b'rt it is so cold outside i saw a politician with his hands in his own pockets.'
b'rt it must be difficult to post inspirational tweets... espcially when your blood type is b negative!'
b'rt i told this girl to text me when she got home. she must be homeless face with look of triumph'
b'rt i tried clicking my pic without beauty app once... and the cam scared the hell out of me!'
b'rt i tried to share a bread with a poor beggar today. he told me to fuck off and buy my own bread.'
b'rt i try to be a nice person but most times my mouth and mind do not co-operate! and neither does my face! why?!'
b"rt it's actually embarrassing how much i care about having access to internet 24/7"
b"rt it's a day of thanks. why you still manage to piss me off fam \xf0\x9f\x98\x95\xf0\x9f\x98\x95"
b'rt its okay with me when youtube put ads between videos and when videos buffer but when ads buffer, i suffer.'
b"rt it's really cute when people forget your existence until they need something from you."
b"rt it's so simple to be wise. just think of something really stupid to say and then do not say it."
b"rt it's that time of year when college students are more in love with hillstations than people."
b'rt it was a prostitution when they sold her, and when they sold him called it dowry! white smiling face victory hand'
b"rt it would take me a week to finish all the work of my today's to do list."
b'rt i used to love summers!... then, i started living in delhi.'
b'rt i use sarcasm so much that, even when i speak the truth directly, its sarcastic sarcasm.'
b'rt i usually wake up at 9am but it takes me around 11am to get off the bed.'
b"rt i've said it once, and i'll say it again. i never repeat myself."
b'rt i waited for her desperately and when she came i was like why did you? -mumbai rains. winking face'
b"rt i wanna buy a parrot and teach him to say parrot coz that's the closest i will get owning a pokemo\xc5\x84."
b'rt i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am staring at the stars and talking about all the problems we have going on.'
b'rt i wanted to make a chemistry joke, but all the good ones argon.'
b'rt i want to pee, but i do not want to get up from the bed.'
b'rt i was shown a white wall and i was told it was a painting and i loved it.'
b"rt i was thinking about making a pun on either sodium or potassium, but na that's k! face with tears of joy"
b'rt i went to conjuring 2 movie ; the popcorn prices and parking fees are damn scary than the movie'
b'rt i will always be there to catch you.. -floor'
b'rt i will never be impressed with the internet until i can download food.. grinning face'
b'rt i wish bats could talk. because then we could wait for the morning together.'
b'rt i wish i could apply some filters on my career and future'
b'rt i wish i could uninstall my life or update a new version of it just to escape from this harsh reality..!'
b'rt i wish i had more talents but sadly the only one i have is crying'
b'rt i wish i live as long as these paragon office chappals...!'
b'rt i wish i loved exercise as much as i love napping 3 times a day and eating 5 times the suggested serving size.'
b"rt i wonder how can it be such a 'great wall ' when it is made in 'china '!"
b'rt i wonder how many people got job at youtube to comment " who\'s watching this in 2016 " on every second video.'
b"rt i wonder when ross do all his research work and publish it, he's either at monica's n chandler's or at central perk."
b"rt i wonder who the hell writes 'addictive ' on each and every app i look for on the play store."
b'rt i wonder why most of the sarcastic tweets are by boys?'
b'rt i will not believe in karma until before sunny leone dreams about kissing me.'
b'rt i would definitely like to have a facepalm reaction on facebook.'
b'rt i would have written a long love text for you, if only you had the time to turn the grey tics blue.'
b'rt i would rather whack the tv remote 100 times and then buy a new one but i will never buy batteries!'
b'rt " : females be fucked up, be willing to play any position just to feel relevant.. me. " duck hoes \xf0\x9f\x90\xa5\xf0\x9f\x90\xa3'
b'rt joker : if you are gud at something, never do it for free me : i am good at getting friendzoned, can someone pay me for that'
b'rt just about every person i know has managed to piss me off in some way this weekend so thanks everyone'
b"rt just in case some is bragging a lot :1) buy something 2) name it 'fuck ' 3) just do not give it to them."
b'rt just married! read the shattered windshield'
b'rt just read somewhere that windows has store, till this day i thought it was a factory outlet of google and apple'
b"rt keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find your brain back there."
b'rt keep the dream alive =hit the snooze button again and again.'
b'rt kejriwal is like those parents who make promises to kids for getting there job done'
b'rt kicking into empty air sitting on a broomstick trying to fly like harry potter was one of my favorite childhood memories'
b"rt kid : my teacher says beauty lies inside... me : that's what ugly people say"
b'rt kumbhakarna would sleep for 6 months... i guess he is the only man who lived his life...!'
b'rt ladies, your education and career will help you to build the future, not your makeup unamused face'
b'rt last thing i needed was people to give me competition in making jokes.'
b"rt leasons learnt from himym - there are only 2 reasons to date a girl you've already dated : breast implants"
b"rt leo got oscar at least after six nominations. but i have not got my crush's number even after eight semesters."
b'rt life hack aka jugaaad. if you want to wake up at 7 am, tell your mom you want to wake up at 8.'
b'rt life hack : always carry a small amount of drugs in your car so you will be sure to obey all traffic rules while driving.'
b"rt life hack - how to have a nice morning ~don't wake me up in morning"
b'rt life has become so miserable even to fell in love i have to take permission from my wallet.'
b'rt life is actually simpler and easier for indian men. its the women and engineering that make them insane.'
b"rt life is all about learning from mistakes but you're exceptional, you're shit today and shit tomorrow."
b'rt life sucks? how about having a football field gap between eyebrows and hair. (. _. " )'
b'rt light travels faster than sound, which is why people like you appear bright \xe2\x80\x94until they open their mouths.'
b'rt like everyone not to piss me off today thanks'
b'rt linkedin ~ pretending as professional fb ~pretending as social twitter ~ pretending am not wasting time sc ~ pretending am a puppy'
b'rt listening to sarcastic people daily will make you more creative.. raised hand raised hand'
b'rt listen to me not very carefully, coz you gonna hear me not caring at all. upside down face'
b'rt " lol " i say with no fucking expression on my face'
b'rt looking at a photograph and wishing you could re-live that moment over and over again.'
b"rt look man! she is interested in you. admit it, this sentence has spoiled men's life more than anything"
b'rt lord krishna taught arjun to kill the relatives who bother. i think he was the coolest teacher.'
b'rt love is around the corner they say, i think my life is a circle.'
b"rt luks at a big list of ppl in fb tries to send request does not find the add frnd button thn realizes it's myfriends list"
b'rt luxury is having enough space to scratch your balls in a crowded metro'
b"rt make a girl pay on her first date ; and she'll know that you are not same as other guys."
b'rt man goes to moon and takes one picture, girls go to bathroom and takes 20 selfies.'
b'rt many people will not believe it, but scientists have proved that likes do not cure cancer'
b'rt mathematical question : what is the difference between a good coffee and a normal coffee at starbucks? \xe2\x82\xb9500'
b"rt mathematics assignment is like rihanna's song work, you'll get the first lines rest is what goes over your head."
b'rt maturity is realising that you should sleep before you hear the birds chirping.'
b'rt maturity is realizing that no human is more important than your sleep.'
b'rt maturity is when, you does not hesitate to give the tv remote to your siblings grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'rt maturity is when you do not choose a specific colour in gems'
b'rt maturity is when you dont have to judge yourself by reading online posts that start with " maturity is... "'
b'rt " may i come in? " " no you can\'t. you passed through it dumbo! it\'s june now. "'
b'rt mcq exams are so boring. how am i supposed to make people around me uncomfortable without asking for extra sheet?'
b'rt me - 143 she -? me - i love you she - 1419 me -? disappointed face she - i have a boyfriend'
b'rt me : aah! i look beautiful today... no comments! toe nails : bitch please!'
b'rt *meanwhile* mother : we like to name her sara. dr. : that name is already taken! try : sara123 or sara_2016'
b'rt me : better check my phone for some texts.. *checks phone* me : better get some friends'
b"rt me - but it's 2am! stomach - do not teach me when to eat and when not to!"
b"rt me -doc, i took my medicine 6 'o clock today doc -i told you to take 9 me -i know, but i wanted to surprise the bacterias"
b'rt me : *goes to nasa* hello i would like to volunteer to be thrown into the sun nasa : you would die me : i beg you'
b'rt me : hey she : not interested me : i jst said hey! neva gave you a life insurance offer!'
b'rt me : hey siri, call my girlfriend! siri : which girlfriend? smiling face with sunglasses'
b'rt me : hey siri siri : what are you looking for? me : modi *my phone turned into flight mode *'
b"rt me : how do you prepare chicken? waiter : nothing special, we just tell them they're gonna die."
b'rt me : i am soon going to buy 1 +3 kid : i am also going to buy 3 +4'
b"rt me : *in coma* mom : who'll turn off the lights & fans?"
b'rt me : i need a higher level of fitness. trainer : try kush ups mate.'
b"rt me - lets play a game. she-okay lets play fetch a little differently! i'll throw the stick and you do not come back smile"
b'rt me : like my dp gal : i hav a boyfriend me : tell him to like too *sarcastic by blood.'
b'rt me - mom did not our maid mysti come today? mom - she was not well thats why she took a leave. ab mystical aayegi.'
b'rt me : mom do i look ugly. mom : i told you to not call me mom in public. me : crying.'
b'rt me : mom you cant even make a joke mom : i made you (poker face )'
b'rt me : nobody texts me *sobs* *receives a text* me : wtf you want mate?'
b"rt me on call, call rings, i do not receive it, as i can not listen cause my phone's always on silent mode worry"
b'rt me - siri i need a girl-friend. siri - (on call ) " hello mental hospital "'
b'rt *me talking to someone i hate* me -i hate just one thing of yours grinning face with smiling eyes that person -what?what?what? me -your existence unamused face'
b"rt me : the future isn't so bad, i can get someone i love, for sure. future : i have a boyfriend."
b"rt me to annoying people : will you please not talk to me? it's for my science project."
b'rt me to my crush - so.. how many brothers you have? she - tumhe mila ke 3... never ending brozoned face with tears of joy'
b'rt me (to my gf )- hi... girlfriend - i have a boyfriend.. this time i blocked her'
b'rt me : *wakes up after 2 years from coma. surrounded by friends and family* where is my phone!?'
b'rt me : where are you from? she : washington dc and u? me : delhi bc *blocked *'
b'rt me while coming back to hostel from home : " tonight.. i dine in hell "'
b"rt me : why are you so fat? friend : i am not fat. i am skinny, it's just that because of all the fat you can not see it."
b'rt me with my gf as whtsapp dp. now my father not able to see my dp or even sent any msz to me.'
b'rt me : you do not love me? then why did you send your seflies? she : dude. i wanted to save them in pc. *usb zoned *'
b"rt me : your cat looks pregnant friend : impossible it's an indoor cat me : what have you done"
b'rt mirrors can not talk. lucky for you they can not laugh either'
b'rt miss those days when we used to get more offended by increased petrol, diesel price and less by some internet posts.'
b'rt mom : *asks something* me : no mom : you have to. me : then why do you even ask? -. -'
b'rt -mommy, mommy, i found daddy! - how often do i have to tell you not to dig around in the garden!'
b'rt moms. because you can not fucking wash your own denims :3'
b'rt mom : the fridge is filled! me : lemme do my job expressionless face *eats what all in the fridge *'
b'rt mom :- what did you learn today? me :- i learnt how to sleep in class with my eyes open.'
b"rt mom : you should clean your room. me : what's the point maa, we're all gonna die someday. *gets thrown out of the house *"
b'rt *monday* gf : say those 3 magical words me :game of thrones'
b'rt money does not buy happiness but it pays the internet that is almost the same thing.'
b'rt : i love how easy it is for people to lie straight to my face.. \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x92'
b'rt mosquitoes are like family. annoying but they carry our blood.'
b"rt most indiana go missing because they go in search for tata docomo's network."
b'rt most number of new theories are formulated and proofs are made in the exam hall'
b'rt most of my tweets are self written. i never copy, i just remember the line and write it by myself and then tweet it.. smiling face with horns'
b'rt most of the time, the comment " beautiful photograph " is mistaken as " you are beautiful "'
b"rt most people have 'ah ha ' moments i have 'oh bc! ' moments"
b'rt muhammad ali is becoming the idol of those people who did not even know him a day before.'
b'rt musicians : all i want to do is music. cricketers : all i want to do is play. engineers : for gods sake let me sleep.'
b'rt my boss told me have a good day so i went home.'
b'rt " my boyfriend/girlfriend will not let me. " congratulations on your 3rd parent!'
b"rt my brain goes like -'oh! a social gathering? it's high time i felt awkward again. '"
b'rt my childhood friends have gone into some brilliant personality transformations and i am still making jokes on social media.'
b'rt my cousin just scored 10 cgpa in 10th and asked me my opinion on career path. i asked him to take engineering. yes, i am evil.'
b'rt my crush is so beautiful, that i rejected myself whenever i saw her.'
b'rt my crush used a smiley in one of our texts i am already feeling like a celebrity!'
b'rt my definition of a clean room : a clear path from the door to my bed.'
b'rt my depression increases by 100% when i enter into school.'
b'rt my doormat says, " go back to your home ". and, i love when people laugh on it as if it was a joke.'
b"rt my english is soo bad that i read the past tense of word'read ' as'read '"
b'rt my ex had one very annoying habit. breathing.'
b'rt my ex : you are incapable of love! me : i legitimately love eating pizza'
b'rt my facebook newsfeed : guy with half the facts and a guy with no facts, in a heated debate. unamused face'
b'rt my facebook status right now... six days without a shower..! feeling ganda ganda'
b'rt my father ordered 2 -3 dishes in an 5 star hotel and got some blood pressure free of cost.'
b'rt my friend breaks our deal about no spoiler of and now i am an isis terrorist waiting to kill him before episode9'
b"rt my friend :- i tried your number so many times, it always said \xe2\x80\x98switched off '! i : no dear, it's my hello tune!"
b'rt my friends are losing their virginity and i can not even lose my weight!'
b"rt my friend (who is a single son of his parents ) called his dad and said ' hey dad, its me yash '"
b"rt my future wife is probably texting her bf right now about how they're gonna be together forever. see you soon baby."
b'rt my gf - ross and rachel were on a break me -from now on we will be too for like forever'
b'rt my greatest achievement in life is to possess the largest collection of participation certificates.'
b'rt my hobbies include replying " copied " on random people\'s tweets smirking face'
b'rt *my kinda relationship* me : your place or mine? she : both me : how? she : you go to yours and i go to mine. me : \xf0\x9f\x98\xa5\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5'
b'rt my kind of love story : diet and food are in love with each other.'
b'rt my life is an open book. but its very poorly written and i die in the end.'
b'rt my life is a romantic comedy, minus the romance and just me laughing over my own jokes'
b'rt my life is so lonely that in future i will sharing a memory shared of a memory shared on facebook.'
b'rt my life is stuck somewhere in the middle of facebook and twitter!'
b'rt my parents told me : " you\'ve got to stop watching so many movies, shows, and read more! " so i turned on the subtitles.'
b'rt my room is like the bermuda triangle. things go in, never to be found again.'
b'rt my room was super clean until i had to decide what to wear expressionless face'
b'rt my taste in music ranges from " you need to listen to this " to " i know, please do not judge me. "'
b'rt my taste of songs made my whole family to doubt that i had a gf who left me.'
b'rt my tweets n post are so awesome that people hit da like button twice!'
b"rt nanotale of preperation leaves - let this day go, i'll study from tomorrow... tweet this everyday"
b'rt never get into an argument with a woman when she is sad, lonely, unhappy, hungry or breathing'
b"rt next time a girl brother zones you, file a case asking for share in her father's wealth."
b'rt nobody can say that promise of " achhe din " has not been fulfilled yet. just take a look at fb posts.'
b"rt no matter how bad is the temperature, india's favourite drink is'tea ' in all the ways."
b"rt no matter how good you are doing in your life, you just can not be better than sharmaji's son."
b'rt no matter how lazy peoples are, facebook will always show them active.'
b'rt no matter how much life is badly fucked. my reply to every " how\'s life? " is " awesome smile you say? " face with stuck out tongue'
b'rt no matter how much you try, you can not be as sarcastic as your mom'
b'rt no one asks about my package... because i am unemployed.'
b'rt no philosopher can beat the irrelevant caption that a girl posts along with her pic'
b'rt normal people - bye me - may the god of light be with you for the night is dark and full of terrors.'
b'rt nothing is more painful than toothpaste being washed away from toothbrush! loudly crying face'
b'rt nothing is permanent.. realized when my 32gb memo card just crashed loudly crying face'
b"rt nothing says i have faith in god like the bullet proof glass on the pope's car."
b'rt not sleeping all night is easier than waking up early'
b'rt not sure about your looks in dp but if your ugliness was brick then you would be the great wall of china.'
b'rt not sure if the girls are getting hotter or standards are getting lower.'
b'rt not sure whether my mom carries a purse or an emergency evacuation kit.. xd'
b'rt not telling me something because you " do not want to piss me off " is probably the best way to piss me off.'
b'rt nowadays success means getting a blue tick earlier than your idol!'
b'rt nowadays.. when someone asks about my future plans. me-do i look like a guy with a plan? -_-'
b"rt now krk is tweeting live abt for me it's the time to leave twitter."
b'rt now sensor board should decide what things should fly in chidiya ud game'
b'rt oh sorry! did the middle of my story interrupt the beginning of yours unamused face'
b"rt ok honestly if you're ever curious about anything, get me sleep deprived and asked me at 3 in the morning and you'll get a s"
b'rt okkkk... my grammar is not poor... word limits make me do so'
b'rt omg guys i just saw a 4 year old girl take selfies of herself on her tablet and she said " that\'s a good one " face with tears of joy i can not breat'
b'rt " omg, i am so ugly! " yes, that\'s why you have 197 photos in an album called me. expressionless face'
b'rt once there was a king and a queen. since then they never died and the story never ended. only public dies.'
b"rt once tried to fantasize about my crush kissing me and my imagination was like'thats impossible even for me '"
b"rt one does not simply disobey their mother's instructions when dad is near"
b'rt one fine morning, i decided to be normal. worst 57 seconds of my life.'
b'rt one girl posted a photo with discription " aalllubbbuuu ". it took me 20 minutes to figure out she meant " i love you ".'
b'rt one of those rare moments when your crush texts you first : " never talk to me again. "'
b'rt one problem with auto correct is that you always end up posting something you did not nintendo'
b'rt only one thing comes in the mind if you have classes in the weekends... wtf?'
b'rt on twitter :- sarcasm is my second language *behind the scenes* google search :- what is meaning of sarcasm'
b'rt on wikihow i am like - " how to be billionaire without working hard? "'
b"rt on windows, hitting ctrl +alt +del is your way of making a program, 'i want to talk to your manager '"
b"rt opens book reads questions assumes them simple book closed. that's how engg students studies"
b'rt open your mouth and talk, your gestures leave me clueless. last time this happened was in algebra class.'
b'rt other boys to girls with dog filter - you are such a cutie me - you are such a kutti *blocked *'
b'rt others : your closet is mess! me : oh yeah?! you should take a look at my life.'
b"rt our small and silly conversations mean more to me than you'll ever know."
b'rt packs 2 hours before leaving for a trip unpacks 3 months after coming home'
b'rt peeing in the shower instead of the toilet just once a day can save up to 2500 litres of water per year per person'
b'rt people are freaking out bc a lesbian couple is in finding dory but no one cared when a girl fell in love with a bee'
b'rt people are so ungrateful. no one ever thanks me for having the patience of not killing them.'
b'rt people be like " omg, i just died ". so how tf did you type that?'
b'rt people can not even wait for a pack of maggi to cook, i am sure not if they can wait 5 years to see a change!'
b'rt people die for their crush, i roll it smile'
b'rt *people ignore me like they ignore k in " knot " * smile -_- -. - -, -'
b'rt people near me are working hard to achieve their dreams... and here i am trying to eat a whole doughnut in a go'
b'rt people of my age are feeling honry and i am still feeling hungry.'
b'rt people say laughter is the best medicine... your face must be curing the world.'
b'rt people say love can be found in every corner. my life must be a circle slightly frowning face'
b"rt people tellin me i changed, that's exactly what i am gettin so i'll never be the same."
b'rt people who accept that they watch english movies with subtitles are most honest people.'
b'rt people who buy songs on itunes instead of downloading em free on google must buy oxygen for breathing...! sense'
b'rt people who check their fingers after rolling deep in their noses. what were you expecting? a piece of diamond?'
b'rt people who do not clean their underarms regularly are the real life criminal'
b'rt people who download got every week from torrents are feeling sad that 2 days before leak.'
b'rt people who keep saying " that\'s how thing works ", definitely have not tried any other way to do things.'
b'rt people who know the table of 13 deserve a national award relieved face'
b'rt people who order from subway without saying " ummm " should get a special discount.'
b'rt people who say, " i\'ll always be there for you " usually do not tell where they exactly are.'
b'rt people who still use bbm are those who still have myspace and orkut account and call on radio to play their fav. song.'
b'rt people - why you like your own dp..? me - charity begins at home.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt people with caption " it\'s me " like as if they had a facial surgery recently'
b'rt person : " are you ok? " me : " i am not ok but it\'s ok. "'
b'rt person :how are you? me : i literally have no idea'
b'rt person : how was your holiday? me : in the bed all day, bed all day'
b'rt person - reach for the sky. me - i do not even reach for the remote control which is kept too far. wtf with sky?'
b"rt plz remember that now that it's warm our lil bee friends wanna hang out in the sun 2 plz be careful and protect them ht"
b'rt politicians are like diapers. they both need to be changed regularly for the same reason.'
b"rt poor indian guys lost count between the number of girls & colleges that've rejected them"
b'rt post your pic on facebook. but pls do not put some extraordinary quotes with it.'
b'rt ppl say if god closes 1 door, he opens another. in my case, i guess those are front and back doors to the same destination'
b'rt prank calls are the best thing to do when you are with your friends. smile'
b'rt probably there are more angels on facebook than in the heaven.'
b'rt procrastination in india is found from 1st class. i mean who exactly does his holiday homework and projects in holidays.'
b'rt protect her like you protect the dark elixir in clash of clans'
b'rt protect your girl like how you protect dark elixer storage in clash of clans.'
b'rt pro tip : anything written after " pro tip " is probably bullshit.'
b'rt protip to lose weight - just turn your face left right whenever someone offers you food!'
b'rt proud moment when you catch a mosquito in your first attempt'
b'rt pulling the chain in a moving train was my childhood dream that never came true.'
b"rt question : if there are right and left shoes why aren't there right and left socks?"
b"rt question : what's worse than a biscuit drowning in the tea..? answer : the second biscuit on a rescue mission drowns too."
b'rt question : why do they call it " who wants to be a millionaire " when they know the answer is going to be everyone?'
b'rt quick tip : f you c k o f f'
b'rt rahul gandhi in congress is as useful as traffic lights in gta.'
b'rt random apps on facebook be like : check out like which celebrity ur 139th generation will look like smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat face with cold sweat'
b'rt reached this point ; a sudden test does not bring a shock bit a sudden holiday does bring one'
b'rt reading through your facebook memories is actually a quick skim through the evolution of your brain.'
b'rt realizing maturity and i have a boy -friend! 2 things currently trending in india.'
b'rt real life heroes are those who. never ever sent a candy crush request to anyone'
b'rt real life villains are those who copy our posts and get more likes than us'
b'rt really in a horrible mood so do not piss me off anymore than i already am. thanks'
b'rt regret about past gives nothing, dreaming about future can give everything'
b'rt relationship preference : want to date a girl who knows the correct usage of apostrophes.'
b'rt relationships develop by " how are you? " and end with " who are you? "'
b'rt relationships is a 2 people thing some girls just does not understand that'
b'rt relationship status : her john cena. she can not even see me. ;_ ;'
b'rt relatives : so after all you have completed your degree, what can you do? me : i can vomit while watching your face'
b'rt relatives : what are you doing with your life.? me : clash of clans are : am : are : am : are : join my clan'
b'rt relatives : what are you going to do with your life? me : you know socrates was killed coz he asked too many questions.'
b'rt relatives : what you do? me : business! relatives : what kindaaa? :o me : non of your business!'
b'rt relatives who dont ask about marks.. yes, you are going to heaven!'
b'rt religion should make it mandatory for people to enter captcha, so that it can have only humans.'
b'rt remember when you thought people in their 20s were adults?hahahaha (pls help me )'
b'rt rich kids will never know the feeling when your mom forgets about 30 rs change after shopping.'
b'rt rich peoples buy iphone & poor peoples buy earphone.'
b"rt ross gellers ' favourite song : i just met you, this is crazy, so here's an engagement ring divorce me maybe."
b'rt sadness is when your 2g datapack is expiring in two hours and you still have 600mb of data left.'
b'rt sales clerk : sir are you going to buy that? me : no, i am just shop lifting it all the way to the cash register.'
b'rt samsung mobiles are jus like fish! if you remove em from charging,, they die'
b'rt sarcasm is like a girlfriend. some people will never get it. smile'
b'rt sarcasm is like electricity ; only half of the world gets it.'
b'rt sarcasm is like iphone. if you do not have an iphone, you do not have an iphone'
b'rt sarcasm is like my snacks, my friends think they will get it'
b'rt sarcasm is like our planet. people stay on the outer surface bc they know the inner core would burn them.'
b'rt sarcasm is when you also do not know what you said yet made sense like this tweet'
b'rt " sarcastic people have a damn great iq " - read somewhere and i am already feeling face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt *searched for tinder on the store* *realised that i use windows phone *'
b'rt *searches for an app* android store : get it for free! apple store : pay for it! windows phone : what? thats an app!'
b'rt seeing a spider is nothing. it becomes a problem when it disappears. :v'
b"rt selfie : because it's important to realize that it's not the photographer who is making you look ugly"
b'rt selfies on instagram are getting more filtered than water from kent ro'
b'rt sharing your own post on fb is the ultimate sacrifice of respect in the society.'
b"rt she : am i pretty or ugly he : both she : how? he : you're pretty ugly"
b'rt she : are you single or taken? he : both. she : how? he : i am single and taken for granted.'
b'rt she asked me " how do i look " but she never told me that i have to lie smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rt she : does your family pray before you eat dinner? me :nope, my mom knows how to cook!'
b"rt she : dont eat so much food.. me : why? she : you'll get fat! me : wow.. fat seems fun...! smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'rt she : do you believe in god..? me : no.. i believe in devil.. i bet he does not have a religion :3'
b'rt she : do you gym? do you even lift? me : no! yeah i can lift my middle finger very high for you... *face palm *'
b'rt she : hi me : hi she : what is love me : " you +me +pizza -you " *blocked *.'
b"rt she : hi me : i have a girlfriend :3 she : but you don't.. me : yeah *goes in the corner and cries *"
b'rt she : how much you love me? he : 0 divided by 0 she :? he : infinite *blocked *'
b"rt she : i am sick of you and you're nonsense! me : well take some medicine."
b'rt she : i passed the exam me : oh great..! she : whats great in that? me : adverb *blocked *'
b'rt she : i saw sharks evacuating water from their back me : they do not do that, you might be watching nickelodean'
b'rt she : omg did you just fall? me : no the ground just came up and smacked me in my face!'
b'rt she says i am her better half but she has a boyfriend!'
b'rt she : smoking doesnt affect my personality he : convince your liver about this'
b'rt she wanted him to go but worse was waiting for her. now the cockroach stretched its wings.'
b'rt she : what are you doing? me : typing *end of the story *'
b'rt she : what do you think we should make for dinner? me : food.'
b'rt she - what is sarcasm..? smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat he - you are gorgeous..! face with stuck out tongue and winking eye she - oh! thanks he - did not you get it.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt shook hands with a girl today she ended up crying.. sorry girls, i am a haathbreaker'
b'rt sir -explain the clause " whatever dat goes around, comes around " me - monday'
b'rt sitting in class wondering who would die if one of the fan fell down!'
b'rt sleeping for a longer period is all we learn in holidays.'
b'rt *sleeping* guy : were you sleeping? me : no, i was acting dead and thanks a lot for ruining my rehearsal!'
b"rt sleeping in an oversized hoodie seems like a good idea until its 2am and it feels like you're taking a bath with satan"
b'rt smile.. it brings joy to some and confuses the fuck out of the rest'
b'rt social media sites should also incude iq test in sign up process to determine if someone is mentally fit to join.'
b'rt society : be yourself society : no not like that'
b"rt so deep in friendzone that i paid for her and her boyfriend's lunch too..!"
b"rt so deeply friendzoned that girls send me nudes for approval whether they're good enough to send to their boyfriends"
b"rt solution for trust issues, always ask for the 'aadhar card photo '."
b'rt some girls are ao beautiful that, i see rejection for myself in their eyes'
b'rt some girls are so cute that if they use dove on their cheeks, dove would become soft.'
b'rt some guy : you actually have friends? me : yeah bro, all 10 seasons on dvd.'
b"rt some people are like clouds. when they go away, it's a brighter day."
b'rt some people are like hidden treasure, i would love to hide them bury the ground.'
b'rt some people are like trees, they take forever to grow up.'
b'rt some people are so ugly that when they goes to bank, they turn off the cameras.'
b"rt some people are up till late just to randomly text people and ask, 'why are they still awake '!"
b'rt some people help you so much tat they deserve a hi-fi on their face wid a chair.'
b'rt some people just piss me off so much like can you just shut your mouth for 5 minutes? thanks. face with tears of joy'
b'rt some people keep on saying " i am what i am "... well the question still remains the same. " what are you "'
b"rt some people need the'shock collar ' and i need the remote."
b'rt some people really piss me off non binary genders are not invalid k thanks'
b"rt some people's jokes are poorer than my salary!"
b'rt some people will never correct your grammar because even they are not sure of their grammar face with tears of joy'
b'rt some ppl keep their status - " i am single. and that\'s my attitude " me :- more than attitude, you need a mirror.'
b'rt some relatives are still living there because killing annoying people is a crime.'
b'rt " some teachers spread happiness wherever they go, and some whenever they go "'
b'rt sometime a time come, when you demand nothing from life, except 500 crore rs.'
b'rt sometime even mosquito, know my instincts better than my girl'
b'rt some time i think what\'s wrong with me, then i realize " eww do not open that door "'
b'rt sometimes all you want is to jump from an aeroplane without parachute smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'rt sometimes couples are so clingy feels like i am watching two power rangers trying to fuse together'
b'rt sometimes i ask for an extra sheet of paper during examinations just to wipe my tears.'
b'rt sometimes i feel like i have my life together, and then i am like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds'
b'rt sometimes i think i should not give up, even uday chopra is working in few movies!'
b'rt sometimes i try being normal.. then i get bored... so i go back to being me xd'
b'rt sometimes i wanna be koala bear, 99% you sleep and 1% you search finding for love and if you do not you still sleep'
b'rt sometimes i wanna take a knife and stab it through your face but it is just that i do not have money to buy a decent knife.'
b'rt sometimes i wonder if all this is happening, because i did not forward that message to 10 people anguished face'
b'rt sometimes i wonder where is my hope. then i realize i gulped it down with the lukewarm coffee on my way to the office.'
b'rt sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.'
b'rt sometimes while solving maths problem, i feel like i am solving my life problem.'
b"rt some women are single because a good man isn't their type."
b'rt some women say " men will be men " i wonder if they expect some of them to change their gender'
b'rt so much for scientific advancements and everything. still can not cancel a text that is being sent.'
b"rt so much technical advancements but still 'objects in mirror look closer than they appear '"
b'rt son : dad what is self disrespect? dad :it is when you edit your own photo.. older man'
b"rt \xf0\x9f\x91\xb5: son do you know which bus to the hospital? \xf0\x9f\x91\xa6: just take any bus mom, and you jump once it's moving."
b'rt soo much work was done by newton yet we differentiate with respect to x and not with respect to newton'
b'rt sorry girls every time i can not focus on you because i get scared those faces you make sincerely camera'
b'rt south indian movies logic.. if you want to fight you need a reason and the reason is a woman you love.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt so you think girls click too much selfie? then look at the gallery of a boy who just hit 1 week going to the gym.'
b'rt stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk and only one of them knows about it.'
b"rt still searching for him who told 'just do 10th after that everything is easy '\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0"
b'rt still searching for person who has ever read terms & conditions fully.'
b"rt stomach vs tongue : when the pizza is so very much delicious but you're already full."
b'rt story of facebook : scroll up scroll down... *open link in new tab *(thats where the stalking begins ) smile'
b"rt struggling to wake up early? try on week off, you'll struggle to sleep."
b'rt stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo, love is just a quote, and lying is the new truth.'
b'rt students who hide d empty papers during exams become men who wear helmets to hide their bald heads'
b"rt studies shows that 4 out of 3 peoples are struggling with maths and 'grammer ' too smile"
b'rt successful proposal ever - take the girl on 20 th floor and say do or die smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'rt success is the happy feeling between the time you do something and the time you tell a women wat you did!'
b'rt summer : sun with face hair is lighter skin is darker water is warmer drinks are colder music is louder nights get longer life gets'
b'rt summer is awesome, if niggas do not get a chance to ride hot girls, they can atleast ride hot seated bikes!'
b"rt sundays are really bad because you can never see what's coming next.. monday!"
b'rt surprisingly, some people actually look the same in real life as they do in their aadhar card picture. :3'
b"rt take cricket, religion and other people's business out of their heads and indians will run out of topics to talk about."
b'rt taking a selfie and thinking to yourself, you are never doing that again!'
b'rt teacher : form a sentence using the word aftermath. me : i always feel sleepy after math class!'
b'rt teacher - how can we say india is a vast country? me - by mouth using tongue.'
b"rt teacher :- today we're gonna talk about basic needs in life. so tell me kids what do we need? me :- somebody to lean on"
b'rt teacher : where is your homework? me : my dog ate my homework and after that, i ate my dog.'
b'rt teacher : why are you late? me : i guess its because i did not make it in time!'
b'rt teacher :why are you late today. me :because of a sign. teacher :what sign. me : " school ahead go slow "'
b"rt tetris taught us if you're straight, you'll fit in better!"
b"rt thank god we do not have censors for out education system else we'd be studying alge *** and solving ***ignments"
b'rt thanks for all you do \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f but you do piss me off entirely to much unamused face'
b"rt that awesome moment when you read someone's status & realize that it is not meant for you"
b'rt that awkward moment in morning when even you do not remember whether you slept or not face with cold sweat'
b'rt that awkward moment wen you wanted to say somthin abt peter england but som 1 named peter disturb you in between'
b"rt that awkward moment when you come to know about nature's sound is actually creatures screaming to get laid!"
b'rt when you feel sudden richness on finding old laundered money'
b'rt that awkward moment when you misplaced something and you have to go in flashback, tracing your path in home to find it.'
b'rt when your battery life is still more than your percentage'
b'rt that awkward moment when you realize that " the little girl from bear island " is more mature than you.'
b'rt that awkward moment when you want to sleep but shit has already reached at your asshole'
b'rt that awkward moment expressionless face with all due respect you squeeze the paste out but that sarcastic idiot regrets u...'
b'rt that awkward movement expressionless face me - i want to marry my bed, bed - i have a boyfriend!.'
b'rt that awkward when you already said *moment* in your head before you read it xd'
b'rt that day is not far when " angel priya\'s " " daddy\'s lil princesses " and " attitude boys " on fb will have their own nation.'
b"rt that feeling when you are friend zoned by your social media accounts ' password!"
b'rt that lollipop moment... whn helping my sister in searching that chocolate that i just ate few hours ago.'
b'rt that lollipop moment whn you found ur newly bought clothes so tight or unfit.'
b'rt that lollypop moment when you ask your mother for food and she says have some fruits pineapple'
b"rt that looks rude... let me put 'lol ' or 'xd ' at the end smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat lol xd"
b'rt that moment wen you convince your parents to allow you go to execution along with your friends...! smile'
b'rt that moment when even a weak student of ur class counts you too in same category'
b'rt that moment when i break my head to write a tweet and nothing comes to my mind'
b'rt that moment when you hvnt prepared for exam and a day before exam you fell sick disappointed but relieved face'
b'rt that moment when you are halfway soft and yet she says " it\'s so big " :3'
b'rt that moment when you climbed down 3 floors and you realize that you only rs 500 note and no change for rickshaw.'
b'rt that moment when you feel super close to your new friend on facebook than any of your actual friends.'
b'rt that moment when your aunt joins facebook and posts an awkward message on your wall worry'
b'rt that moment when you realize you won the sperm race to make jokes on internet.'
b"rt that moment when your gf calls you at 4 at night and you forgot your cellphone in your parent's room."
b'rt that movie, where the toilet comes to the theatre'
b'rt that swagging moment when you are ugly af and yet girls ask you for your pic xd'
b'rt the awkward moment when you are being sarcastic and someone believes you.'
b"rt the awkward moment when you're the first one awake at sleepover, so you pretend to sleep until some one else wakes up"
b"rt the awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you never ever dated."
b'rt the backspace knows more about our feelings than any other person in the world.'
b'rt the best lesson gives us " leave the gun and take the canoli "'
b"rt the best thing is finding happinesd in sad situations example : laughing in front of relative's deadbody smiling face with sunglasses"
b'rt the best time to leave procrastination is tomorrow morning after a nice and comfy sleep.'
b"rt the comfort while wearing a cloth is directly proportional to the discomfort in paying it's price."
b'rt the cool part about naming your kid is you do not have to add six numbers to make sure the name is available.'
b'rt the day i crumble up a piece of paper and do not think about shooting it in the trashcan is the day i want to die.'
b'rt the day is not far when friendship day would be in the same hierarchy as raksha bandhan.'
b"rt the day is not far when we'll have to pay tax on the amount of tax we pay to the govt. in india! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'rt the difference between a " friend -zoned " and a boyfriend is... one buys her lunch and other buys her the dinner'
b'rt the difference between " girlfriend " and " girl friend " is that little space in between we call the " friend zone ".'
b"rt the disappointment you get after stepping on a nice crunchy leaf and it isn't crunchy at all!"
b'rt the easiest way of finding something : buy a replacement'
b'rt the fact is after monday and tuesday even the calendar says w t f'
b'rt the first guy to discover milk probably did lot of other weird stuffs.'
b"rt the first thing i do when i wake is'try to sleep again ' face with tears of joy"
b'rt the friend who looks good in group selfies is always the one who uploads it.'
b"rt the fucked up moment you realise that your bff is getting married and you'll die alone"
b'rt the go-to application for singles when the whole world is asleep : clean master *excessive junk detected *'
b'rt is the place where length of the clothes decides the character of a girl " "'
b"rt the guy who quoted sky is the limit wasn't aware of twitter!"
b'rt their are two kind of people 1. who buy apple 160 per kg 2. who buy apple 50k +'
b'rt the irony of sunday is that i never see the sun on this day.'
b'rt them : true love exists. me : yeah, in sweet flicks.'
b'rt the no. of times i used a backspace key is equivalent to the no. of girls i had a crush on.'
b"rt the older you get the more you understand squidward's anger."
b'rt the only benefit of dating a srilankan girl is that you have a very strong password!'
b"rt the only common thing between me and my crush is that we both have a 10 digit phone number. :'( sad"
b'rt the only girl who talk sweetly with me is customer care girl'
b"rt the only place where i can score free marks is in apsara's pencil advertisement..!"
b'rt the only race i win with my juniors is our age! they can never beat me on that.'
b"rt the only thing you can make in india is 'chutiya '"
b'rt the only time you wish for traffic is when she asks you to drop home.'
b'rt the only way to be happy in married life, pretend yourself a lion and your wife goddess durga... face with tears of joy'
b'rt the only way to lose weight from \xf0\x9f\x8c\xbfgreen tea is to pick it yourself from mountains unamused face'
b'rt the only world tour i can afford now is the one in the smile smile'
b'rt the phrase " all men are same " was 1st said by a chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in china.. face with tears of joy winking face'
b'rt the probability of finding an error in an attachment increases five folds once you have emailed it away.'
b'rt the process of making things easy is complicated..'
b'rt the pure satisfaction felt from deep down the heart when siblings gets scolded by mom.'
b'rt there are 2 kinds of people in the world ; 1. sarcastic 2. retards.'
b'rt there are 2 rules to be successful in lyf.. rule 1: never reveal all the secret you know'
b'rt there are always two types of people 1)goodday 2)hide and seek'
b'rt there are idiots, there are super-idiots, and then there are people who like their own posts. unamused face'
b'rt there are kids who were meant to be aborted, walking among us.'
b'rt there are many tough decisions in life. but wasting it is not one of them.'
b'rt there are some people who went to watch conjuring 2 and did not post on facebook yes, they do exist!'
b'rt there are thousands of lazy jokes because people are too lazy to think out of that.'
b'rt there are three sides to every story. * yours. * theirs. * and the security camera footage.'
b'rt there are two type of people : - who enjoy every moment - who snapchat every moment! xd'
b'rt there are two types of people - 1. people who like freinds 2. people who are crazy'
b'rt there are two types of people : 1. those who can do any work at anytime 2. those who can not even type this sente'
b'rt there are two types of people 1. those who have a gang 2. those who only have a best friend.'
b'rt there are two types of people : 1. use google to check if internet is working 2. use youtube to check its speed'
b'rt there are two types of people one who loves sarcasm & the one who can not live without it'
b'rt there are two types of people. those who stay on topic, and i like aaloo k paraathey'
b'rt there are two types of relatives r1. only asks about ur results r2. send good morning and good night pics every day'
b'rt the reason dudes get friend zoned. girl - what show do you watch? (expecting some classics ) boy - sasural simar ka'
b"rt there is always a dekisuki... who takes away shizuka from every nobita's life."
b"rt there is always one friend who says 'kuch bhi ' when asked wat he will have in a restaurant."
b"rt there is nothing bad about monday.. probably it's ur life that sucks.."
b'rt there may be 1000s of galaxies and crores of stars exists in space but here on earth my life, only exists in pizza!'
b'rt there are two types of people \xe2\x9e\xa1one who alwayz keep mobile data on \xe2\x9e\xa1one who only when they needs it..'
b"rt there's always that 1 mysterious toothbrush that belongs to no one in the family"
b'rt the secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.'
b'rt the spanking which indian parents accept and openly propagate is of the tv remote!'
b'rt the word " mississippi " and " cincinnati " was made only to teach permutations and combinations.'
b'rt the word mississippi was made just to teach us permutation & combination.'
b'rt the world has seen only half of my sarcasm, i am restricted by 140 characters.'
b'rt the worst sound which i have ever heard is my own recorded voice.'
b'rt the worst time in our life would be, waiting for the ordered pizza.'
b'rt they : beer or whiskey? me : extra large pizza with extra cheese. *get kicked out of the store *'
b'rt they say girls have all the tensions in the world i say they have never seen a son turn into a father.'
b'rt they say " silence and a smile are sometimes the best answer one can give. " but none of them works in my viva. why?'
b"rt they say that nobody is perfect. then they tell you practice makes perfect. i wish they'd make up their minds."
b'rt they want you to say the truth and be completely honest. me : *says truth* boom! now they hate you.'
b'rt thing i\'d do rather than making a phone call - " get eaten by a dinosaur that shows no mercy "'
b"rt things i am good at :1... 2... 3... that's it. thank you smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'rt this generation.. tv is becoming more cinematic and cinemas are becoming more episodic.'
b'rt this generation wants to listen to work work work on a saturday too!'
b'rt this is your pilot speaking. first, some good news. you guys get to be on the news tonight.'
b'rt this system has everyone thinking legal is right. slavery was legal.'
b'rt this tv channel life ok has made our lives not so okay'
b"rt those intense moments when you're trying to figure out whether she's blocked you or just deactivated her account! xd"
b'rt those people who wake up and stay up when your alarm comes on for the first time, how is it to have superpowers?'
b'rt those times are not far when to afford a pizza we have to hire an armed cash van to make payments.'
b'rt those who use \'hw are you doin.. am fyn " texts to save time.. time gets back at them during exams..'
b'rt though the quality of jokes of few comedians is worth incarceration ; the content of their jokes should never be'
b'rt three women were busy in some work in a silent room!'
b'rt times of india is the best newspaper. it suck all the oil of samosa.'
b'rt to all moms around the world : we cant pause a multiplayer online game! face with cold sweat'
b'rt to all those who write " uh " instead of " you " god bless with you that " y " and " you " you just saved.'
b'rt today i approached an african citizen and told that india loves him he replied " aiyoo haramkhor south indian hu "'
b'rt today i my sister took an hour to put the mascara i went up to her and... rubbed my eyes.. yes i am evil'
b'rt to live in the countries like syria or pakistan you either need balls or an ak 47 and grenedes'
b'rt tomato prices in bombay is shooting its high. why not you people buy a set of dummy and enjoy.'
b'rt toothbrush : do not you hate me for scrubbing you daily. teeth : anything for a goddamn selfie.'
b'rt to the next generation kids... good luck finding usernames'
b'rt to the world you might be one person but to one person you might just be the world.'
b'rt *true love hurts the most* one who said so never owned a furniture in his house.'
b"rt trying to close a facebook tab and a page dialog box opens and says, 'don't close your life, live it '"
b'rt trying to double tap on the like button on after using!'
b'rt twitter should be grateful to for making thousands of people sign up within such a short span.'
b'rt two contradictory statements :1. i do not believe in god 2. i can not live without my parents...!'
b'rt two types of people - 1st - normal 2nd - \xc3\xa4b\xc3\xb1\xc3\xb8rm\xc3\xa2\xc5\x82'
b'rt two types of people in this world. 1) those who have lunch at 1 pm. 2) i wake up at 1 pm.'
b'rt two types of ppl in the world - 1. happy 2. in relationship.'
b'rt two wrongs do not make a right... take your parents as an example!'
b'rt tyre goes flat on a hot summer day. whatsapp, fb lite are checked to make sure all chain messages are already shared.'
b"rt ugly ppl after showing their aadhar card say - photo isn't good, they did not take it well me - *go into silent mode* hushed face"
b'rt you know you messed up when you still have not slept yet and you hear birds chirping outside.'
b'rt you know what is more painful than break up? ur mobile phone in service centre for a day.'
b'rt you know you are jobless when someone asks for a miss call on their number so they can save yours.'
b'rt uncle - what do you feel proud of? me - i saved a child from cancer by liking and sharing his picture on fb'
b'rt understanding differences in variety of chickens is as difficult as understanding laws of quantum physics.'
b'rt ur crush smiling at you is nothing less than being in an armani underwear. only you kno d price & how much it holds for you'
b'rt video games ruined my life. good thing i have 2 extra lives. smile'
b'rt waiter :- good evening sir what would you like to have me :- reasons to live'
b'rt waiting to see how long it takes the police sketch artist to realize the person i am describing is him.'
b'rt wake up this determination.. go to bed with powerbank'
b'rt want a girlfriend? just smile while texting in front of your parents!'
b'rt want to test your friendship?.. ask them for wifi hotspot!'
b'rt watched a hollywood movie without subtitles, today. and i am already feeling like shakespeare!'
b'rt *watching series 8pm : " just one more episode before bed " 2am : " who needs sleep anyway? "'
b'rt we all have that one friend who looks like jethalal but still gets 100 + likes on his " dekh baby " captioned pictures.'
b'rt we all have that one friend who watches doraemon 24 hours'
b'rt we are engineers. we can do anything apart from engineering work.'
b'rt we are talking about peace on global level but i can not even find pepsi and coke in the same restaurant here'
b'rt we can neither confirm nor deny that this is our first tweet.'
b"rt we can teach kids that there's no 'i ' in team, but its way more important to teach them that there's no 'a ' in definitely."
b'rt weekend timeline : friday night -&gt ; saturday -&gt ; sunday afternoon -&gt ; i do not want monday -&gt ; sunday night'
b'rt went to an astrologer to know my future relationship status : he said horrorscope!'
b'rt went to exam center... realised why " sex ratio " really needs to improve... smile'
b'rt we only live once is literally a false statement. smirking face we live everyday, you only die once. smiling face with sunglasses'
b"rt what comes in your mind whenever you see in your crush's eyes *rejection *"
b'rt what did i do first thing after i became 18? joined " badoo "!'
b'rt what did the kid with no hands get as his bday present. gloves! lol am kidding, i dnt know, he hasnt opened it yet.'
b"rt what does the 'i do not give a sh*t ' mean! i wonder why the other person would want it \xf0\x9f\x98\xa8\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xab"
b'rt what do you call someone with no body and a nose? nobody knows!'
b'rt what do you get when you cross-breed a shark and a cow? i have no idea but i would not try milking it'
b'rt " what do you want to do son? " " i want to write tragic stories " " that\'s good you want to become an engineer "'
b'rt what ever problem you have... the only reason behind it according to indian parents is your cell phone...!'
b'rt what if i tell you pokemon actually means pocket monsters. face without mouth'
b'rt what if my barber and my parents had a chat and decided to give me anti girl haircut always?'
b'rt what is common between an off day at school and honey singh fans? no class.'
b'rt what is patriotism? going for honeymoon in india'
b'rt what is that sound that gives you chills? a : coldplay'
b'rt " what is the 4 word answer which is the solution to everything " ak ~ " blame it on modi "'
b"rt whatsapp family group be like : group's name : crazy family. group dp : laxmiji!"
b'rt whatsapp update failed, play store error : " wtf are you gng to do with updated version, nobody texts you anyway ".'
b'rt " whats happening? " twitter asks about my life more than anyone else.'
b"rt what's the best thing of not having a gf? man,, you'll hav your life fo yourself!"
b"rt what's the difference between a maid and a younger shibling? a maid gets paid for her slavery"
b"rt what's the escape velocity required to escape the friend zone?"
b"rt what's the hidden talent of krk... he can stop his pee for more than 24 hours."
b'rt " whats the point of being alive if you can not clean your own room " ~my mom'
b"rt what's the similarity between your heart in love and bajrang dal? both beat faster when you're with your lover."
b"rt what's your iq level? me : i do not play that game.. i am at 262 in candy crush!"
b'rt what would you call a gujju game of thrones author? george ararara martin'
b'rt when a girl messages you and you automatically assume it is a prank by your friends.'
b'rt when a girl reads my message and yet does not reply, i feel so honoured that i made her speechless'
b'rt when a girl tells you, " you are right " well that\'s called sarcasm.'
b"rt when alia bhatt was asked about torrent, she said it's a hollywood movie whose launch date clashes with"
b"rt whenever i feel'days are going so fast ', i scare someone is controlling the whole time using time machine!"
b'rt whenever i see maruti 800 van, i think somebody is going to be kidnapped.'
b'rt whenever i think of going on a diet, a chocolate looks at me and snickers. *bdm* *tsk *'
b'rt whenever i want to get rid of someone i ask him/her for a favour.'
b'rt whenever i watch an english movie without subtitles. i feel like mosquitos are buzzing in my ears.'
b'rt whenever something bad happens with me, i see a quote related to it on facebook.'
b'rt whenever you feel useless, remember there is a scroll lock key in your keyboard.'
b'rt when girls breakup.. " daddy\'s angel " when in a relationship.. " daddy\'s good girl " if you know what i mean.. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy smiling face with horns'
b'rt when girls say, " it\'s not you, it\'s me. " studies have found it\'s probably you'
b'rt when i am free nobody texts me.. when i am busy, damnit! still nobody texts.. *forever alone *'
b'rt when i ask you a question i expect a direct answer stop giving wierd reactions. who are you? organic chemistry?'
b'rt when i die i want my last words to be " i left 10 crore rupees under the... " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x89\xf0\x9f\x91\xbb'
b'rt when i set a morning alarm... i try to keep my phone as far as possible from my bed.'
b"rt when it's still summer bur parents still make you get up"
b'rt when i used to think people in their 20s were adults! lol yet i am 20 year old kid :-p'
b"rt when i was at nursery i want to be an octopus so i can slap 8 of my retards cm8's at once"
b'rt when am angry n nt in in the mood of talking to anyone... da ppl near me are lyk dying to talk wid me'
b'rt when my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? i told him everyone knows he does not hire stupid people.'
b'rt when my relatives arrive at my home me : hey, i just found ur nose, it was in my bussiness'
b'rt when nothing goes right, go to sleep.'
b'rt when people pronounce sarcasm as scarcasm and pretend to be sarcastic... me (in the head ) : you leave a scar on humanity expressionless face'
b'rt when somebody says " expect the unexpected " slap them in the face and say " you did not expect that did you. " face with tears of joy'
b'rt when someone asks if the conjuring 2 was scary, i say " not as scary as my future. ".'
b'rt when someone i hate meets me somewhere he : hey man, its been a long time! *me looking at my watch* me : yeah, bye.'
b'rt *when someone tries to play sarcastically with me* me : so a lamb is trying to take down a lion?'
b'rt when something get heat it expands so i am hot not fat face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt when they said to you at graduation " follow your dreams, " did anybody say you had to wake up first?'
b"rt when u're dead.. uh do not even know that u're dead.. itx only pain for others.. same thing when u're stupid! smirking face"
b'rt when ur girl tells you d secrets of her bestie... dude dats when she actually accepted you as friend winking face'
b'rt when ur hair will not listen to you and its a mess and ur just like? i grew you myself? i gave you life and this is how y'
b"rt when you ain't sad and you ain't happy both at the same time ; you are probably empty."
b"rt when you are unfriending someone useless but remember that same guy gave you an extra pen in exam 3 years back so you don't."
b'rt when you can not open the wall of your follower. like really?'
b"rt when you gotta delete your post because you're not just the same person you were 6 minutes ago."
b'rt when you have not turns of your laptop for more than a week...'
b'rt when your crush texts you first and you suddenly realize that god does not really hate you. grinning face'
b"rt when you're going to mark the answer of last question, but the omr is full."
b'rt when your mom has been telling you to wake up like 29283 times and you still laying down n she suddenly come in ur room'
b'rt when your smartphone camera\'s " beauty " function does not make you beautiful'
b'rt when you think ur selfie is fire but you get 3 likes in 2 hours'
b'rt when you write on a paper without margins'
b'rt where there is a will, there will be a death.'
b'rt where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. said no girl ever.'
b'rt while parking every watchman gives his own extraordinary suggestion even if you are parking on right place.'
b'rt while recharging on paytm, i wonder when i gonna win that lakhpati offer!'
b'rt who said water is tasteless?!? it tastes like a drink from heaven when i wake up thirsty in the middle of the night!'
b'rt " whr have all the good men gone? " " they\'re ryt where you left them... in the friend-zone! "'
b'rt why become a doctor when you can simply type " amen " on facebook and cure people.'
b'rt why buy soupy noodles when you can pour extra water in maggi noodles and sip it up?'
b'rt why does snapchat thinks i am going to pay for fake tears, when i can get them free just by thinking about my life.'
b'rt why do not you just signed in!? believe me ur village will be safe in hands of googleplaygames!'
b'rt why do you even need enemies in your life.. when you have your own relatives to take over their roles.'
b'rt why fall in love when you can fall asleep.'
b'rt why i love social media? because am not a social person.'
b'rt why take sleeping pills when you can just read rd sharma and fall asleep! smile'
b'rt why twitter can not exist in game of thrones universe? because all the 140 characters will be killed.'
b'rt wifi went down for five minutes, so i had to talk to my family. they seem very nice people.'
b'rt with great power comes great difficulties in factorising the polynomials'
b'rt *without makeup* girls get ignored so much that their nickname is like terms and conditions. smile'
b'rt without opening the first drawer.. the last drawer will never open! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'rt with these ever lasting powercut i wish i had a pikachu!'
b'rt women always worry about the things that men forget. men always worry about the things women remember.'
b'rt women call me ugly until they figure out how much money i make. then they call me ugly and poor.'
b'rt work hard until your bank balance looks like your phone number smirking face smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b"rt x : what's the time? y : it's 10 past 5. x : is it correct time? y : no, just 24 hours fast!"
b'rt *year 2020* me on facebook : sharing memory of memory of memory of memory of... neutral face memory of pic from year 2010.'
b'rt yes, i strongly judge people who use fb apps like ; which celebrity do you like, which is ur real dad, etc.'
b'rt yesterday, i fell down from a 10 meter ladder. thank god i was on the third step.'
b'rt you are not only attached to the ppl you like or love. your attachment to those you dislike or hate is much deeper!'
b'rt you aren\'t successful if you have not posted the status " travelling to dubai/us/any european country "'
b'rt you are only successful at your life when you name your son goku.'
b'rt you are the writer of your own story your mom is the editor'
b'rt you call yourself a photographer because you own a dslr? i own a pen, i am an author.'
b'rt you can pursue career in any direction and field but you dare not drop out from engineering. - indian parents.'
b"rt you can not travel to space with the money you have. but you can buy a bag full of weed and that's kinda same thing bruh!"
b'rt you dont bother me girl i am like karma, when i will hit you... i will hit you hard'
b'rt you do not need any kinda negativety in life. better stay away from people who do not like batman.'
b'rt you do not need a woman to make a house into home. wifi does it for you!'
b'rt you do not need people in your life who only pretend like you matter the one day and act like you dont even exist the next da'
b'rt you either die single, or live long enough to have arranged marriage.'
b'rt you have succeeded as a child, if your mother is addicted to phone more than you.'
b'rt you just keep doing everything you can go piss me off.! thanks sleeping face'
b'rt you know what is harder than finding true love? finding a good clan in clash of clans.'
b'rt you know what would be weird a male boxing coach of a female team saying i am in my boxers. smile'
b"rt you know when someone will completely accept you, when they'll see your before sneeze face and still be with you."
b"rt you know why so many girls do not use twitter? bcoz 140 words aren't enough"
b'rt you know you are in a good relationship when you forgot it was monday.'
b'rt you know you are ugly when you get handed the camera every time they take a group photo.'
b'rt you know you are watching a tamil/telegu movie when the heroine falls in love with her stalker.'
b'rt you know your damn role and shut your damn mouth - the rock'
b"rt you know you're poor when you buy normal band-aids instead of the waterproof ones."
b'rt you know your life has gone to gutter when you are friend zoned even by your maid!'
b'rt you might love your life, but i think it just wants to be friends.'
b'rt you never truly know a co-worker, till you see how they react to a paper-jammed copy machine.'
b'rt you only live once ; but if do it right, once i enough.'
b'rt " your best teacher is your last mistake " no mistakes = no best teacher... smile'
b"rt you're afraid to go out in 35 \xe2\x84\x83, yet you spend your life earning for hell"
b'rt you\'re not an indian kid if you have not recited the tables as : " one one za one " during school.'
b"rt you're not a true indian if you can not sing the title song of vicco and nirma"
b"rt you're not you when you're hungry. me :(always ) who am i?"
b'rt your family will not consider you as an engineer until you do not repair an electronic appliance at home'
b"rt your prayer before exam, goes straight to the god's spam folder! smile"
b'rt youtube should know that - we can tolerate ads... we can tolerate buffer... but when ads buffer... we suffer angry face'
b'rt youtube shows all the deleted scenes of a movie but will never show the scene you want to watch.'
b'rule of math : if it seems easy, your doing it wrong.'
b"rules in algebra : if it seems easy, you're doing it wrong."
b'rum makes everything better'
b"rumors. well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs."
b"running away does not help you with your problems, unless you're fat. then yeah, run."
b"running like a gorilla up the stairs because it's easier that way."
b'running on 0 hours of sleep so do not piss me off, k thanks'
b'running on 3 hours of sleep... did not even touch my humanities hw... good start to a good day.'
b'running on few hours of sleep. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'running on half hour of sleep'
b'running toward my dreams, tripped over reality and hit my head on the truth.'
b"wait which psych class are you doing? they're like all on friday"
b'filming that was so fun. you running down that dark hallway. lol that fake blood was nasty af'
b"legends of wrestling was fantastic. love how they cut to footage that's being talked about"
b'-the store. " not excited for the hurting like hell part. we\'ll probably have to ice our dicks after this... "'
b': hmm. yes these are the people the scottish will want to " stay together " with. " defo!'
b'rutgers laundry rooms bring back great memories'
b'i wait more than a minute but for stream cough cough'
b"it's okay, i can relate... i couldn't keep the boys off of me... face with tears of joy"
b'oh i love independent! big chains were my least favorite in clinicals. but no the guy was actually probably in his 60s face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"ryan and i literally snapchat each other all the time... totally. it makes a lot of sense that he's my bestie"
b"i'll hold my breath for her response."
b'my mom is so supportive of the decisions i make smiling face with sunglasses " that\'s a goo one brudder face with tears of joy'
b'thought that may get your attention! lol by choice!'
b'mate, most fans would give their right arm to experience them again for the first time!'
b'respect to anyone who has worn the shirt, i for one would give my right arm to achieve this'
b"good for you! it's great 2 stay busy. i just completed the master gardener program & look forward to doing the volunteer service smile"
b"i just got fag ash in my eye and it burnt lmao, i'll be back in a sec i need to wash it out"
b"and when ppl would be mean to them they'd tag it as a fav omg"
b"omg i saw that well i think you're cute when you're upset, but beautiful when you smile smiling face with heart shaped eyes"
b'sad bc stuck babysitting while friends are out'
b'sad day tommrow have to say good by to my hair...'
b"saddest thing in the world is watching someone's true colors ruin the picture they painted in your head"
b'sad i have to literally leave work early to go close all of my accounts. not a good day for customer service'
b'sad is going to bed at age 23 excited to wake up for work bc of the new jbiebs and 1d albums that have become part of your morning routine'
b'sad that so many people do not know the difference between state capitalism (with a top-down command economy ) & real socialism.'
b"sad thing is, two people can love each other, but unfortunately y'all know a relationship would not work tired face"
b'running good got busy this summer so interior in garage this winter. i have some great ideas'
b'saganaki, gazpacho, and tagine... thinking of our writing class christmas dinner is making me hungry. alas, i have to wait for 2 more weeks.'
b'are living in a world where losing phone is more dramatic than losing virginity.'
b'is not going to fall in love with you if you go from lovey to jerk on repeat.'
b'love late nights, but hate getting up the next day.'
b'love to argue, and you best believe they will win every argument.'
b'your gorgeous an sexy as fuck id give my right arm to taste you sahara'
b"i would give my right arm for marc to take 20 shots per game, luckily for me that'll never happen"
b"oh why thank you, you're so kind unamused face"
b"it's brilliant comedy history now! i can not wait to let my kids watch it just sheer brilliance!"
b'same places, different faces, hoping things would never change, sadly at one point we got to look shit head on and know what we facing'
b'well i call this one their going to be a upset tomorrow i am 100 -12 in predict playoff game'
b'in that way'
b'he was my boss and he gave me the day off to go out with him but we did not fall in love until we travelled'
b"santa saw your instagram photos and this year, he's getting you clothes for christmas."
b'santa, this christmas i hope you can spare a few pairs of extra thick foam shoes for my upstairs neighbors so they can stop being elephants'
b"omg yes it does look good! & that's why i hate ordering it's never looks the same. thank you so much \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'i think 92 pounds is okay for me 95. 5'
b'ha ha that is funny. ok now talk about something else omfg'
b'tough when the answer to that is "all of them"'
b'you can hate all you want, but he already win you know. sad that is such a fucking liar. sorry.'
b'hey i am the only one who is a pain in your butt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so can we now start blaming her for ur son getting drunk and beating his gf???'
b'asu is gay af i was there this weekend greek life sucks the people suck'
b'sarcasm do not you just love it when people change?'
b': drugs bless you'
b'sarcasm has become my first language!'
b'face of a'
b'watch this.. and if you have some shame left show this on ur channel'
b'we teach on campus sushi classes & would love to come down! see website for more info'
b'sat in bed munching on pick n mix - you would not think i was going to mexico in 4 weeks time! spouting whale'
b'sat in water and now my pants are all wet smiling cat face with open mouth'
b'sat night and i am stuck babysitting smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'saturday marks my 1st tourney since hurting my back. excited and nervous, looks like it is going to a wet one.'
b'sausage roll n 2 packs of hula hoops, dinner of champions that unamused face'
b'save energy! you would not like it if someone turned you on and left you'
b'save your little napkin, bartender. i do not plan on having this drink long enough to set it down.'
b'saving a file as " jhdhxhsbz " because you\'re too lazy to write a proper title.'
b"sawalightinyou : the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided, to move the furniture so we could"
b'saying " i am almost there ", when you actually have not even left the house'
b'saying " ok " a billion times just to get your parents to stop talking.'
b"saying, that's crazy! when you have not been paying attention to what someone's saying. i do that all the time."
b'saying " we can still be friends " after a breakup, is like saying " hey the dog died but we can still keep it. "'
b'saying " yeah i am on my way. " when you\'re still at home.'
b"saying you'll wake up early in the morning to get something done, then in the morning convincing yourself it's not that important"
b'say no to drugs. say yes to the dress. say maybe to facebook events.'
b"say texass, gee ' thanks for loving the kennedy's so much, now just keep that miserable fucked up shit all to lonesome soulless selves,,,,,"
b'say thanks to the girl that fucked us up.'
b'good i can not wait. i will actually get to meet you without being to shy and awkward to say hi. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'well he knows how much you love to talk puke'
b"scheduled back to back to back to back classes (yes that's 4 in a row ) on fridays, am i actually a college student or is this high school?"
b'school :2 + 2 = 4 homework :2 + 4 + 2 = 8 exam : juan has 4 apples, his train is 7 minutes early, calculate the suns mass.'
b"hahahaha it's fuckin high school get out can not wait to leave you behind"
b'school did not even start yet and it looks like i just showered'
b'school does not even test your intelligence, it tests your memory.'
b'school for 12 years, college for 4 years, then you work until you die. cool.'
b'school for 6 hours and then work for 6 hours'
b'school from 12 -4:25 than straight to work from 5 -?'
b"school got cancelled and everyone's all wet face with tears of joy face with tears of joy weary face"
b'school has been nothing like the magic school bus.'
b'school has officially end good'
b'school. in about 45 minutes. yay... not looking forward to it'
b'school in one hour good'
b'school is actually not that bad right now for me.. good'
b'school is full of people who love to start shit just shut up and worry about yourself got damn'
b'school is just an endless cycle of " i just need to make it through this week " every week'
b"school is like a boner. it's long and hard... unless your asian"
b"school is not even about learning. it's about how much stress you can handle before you have a mental breakdown."
b'school literally takes years off my life and is responsible for my wrinkles at a young age raised hand'
b'school taught me a lot of stuff but mostly it taught me how to get ready in 15 minutes'
b'yet but i can send you brochures by email. whats your email?'
b'science class :1% learning. 99% thinking about how people have found out all of this stuff.'
b'scientist : an average teenagers go on the internet 16 hours a week me : you mean per day scientist : what me : what'
b'scientists have figured out how to turn wood into food, giving them access to technology subway has had for years.'
b'scientists say the universe is made up of : protons, neutrons and electrons. they forgot to mention morons.'
b'narconon suncoast drug rehab held a grand opening without having a license | rfttp'
b'is a fantastic event and our nhls staff is keeping busy! great people a lot of brilliance in this room.'
b"yeah i've been bullied by some i am just so devastated about it x"
b'he was brilliant with media'
b"i'd give my right arm just to have a normal conversation with him.. no paps, no pix just talking xx"
b'screaming " nooooooooo " when the teacher starts erasing the board when you\'re not done copying.'
b'screaming " rain rain go away come again another daaaaaay! " seems an effective way to settle down for a nap...'
b'screw school " i say as i do all my homework and aim for all as'
b'would be great if that lot exploded. as long as they were far away from normal people.'
b'we have to take a zillion courses so classes with the course load of 3 credits only counts for like 1 credit good'
b'sean saw the goal and yelled " challenge it! " he\'s lucky i love him.'
b"yeh great. although i hurt my back. but i am in a small laid back town called pai and i've got a week of just doing nothing smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'seasonal temps piss me off so much. please do me a favor and jump off a bridge. thanks'
b'working with young kids i see a lot of misconceptions of " love ", tolerance, patience and understanding'
b'*secretly having a mental breakdown because nothing is going right and all motivation is lost *'
b'seeing a spider is nothing. it becomes a problem when it disappears.'
b'seeing cute & hot 13 year olds gets me so angry theyre supposed to be awkward with bad haircuts theyre supposed to suffer the same way i did'
b'seeing someone slowly lose interest in you is one of the worst things ever'
b'seeing that makes me feel real happy.'
b'seeing the girl you like with someone else is possibly the worst feeling in the world'
b'seeing the seniors in high school tweet/talk about how hard it is.. just wait till college my friend smiling face with smiling eyes ohhhhhhh just wait!'
b'seeing woohyun a day motivates me to go school everyday and 2 more weeks to holidays good i can do this shitz'
b'seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. awesome.'
b'seems as if him miss me'
b"seems like abusing a child isn't as serious as abusing a woman"
b'seems like a good way to end up single is liking long walks on the beach.'
b'seems like my body should have better things to do than make nipple hair.'
b'see? there ya go, threatening me with a good time, then ripping it away aggressively. this is why we can not have nice things'
b'literally just want you to notice me loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'btw you yourself dont use your voice in your own live show tbh sucker'
b'hey selena i understand your condition of lupus really i want you are right now good, i dont know you in person but you are special'
b'thank you... you just crashed my birthday present for my little sister.'
b"you're the most important person in my life. i love you"
b'self advocate only if you want to advance and be noticed.'
b'self -checkout lanes were invented by a guy who was sent out to buy tampons.'
b'heheh i am so smart face with tears of joy face with tears of joy nash will never notice me because i am a retard loudly crying face face with tears of joy'
b'semi is fun but a project on stds is totally funner!'
b'send me a consistent nigga that i can fall in love with, that will love me unconditionally and can call mine, i am just waiting on you'
b'send me a pic " is where a girl loses all respect for you.'
b'senior homecoming is going to be great... expressionless face'
b'senior year and i still do not understand high school. i never asked to be stressed 24/7. thank you teachers'
b"senior year : the time where you meet people two months before you graduate you wish you'd met two years ago"
b'oh mr centerfold you are now a foreign policy expert wow you are such a multitasker'
b"i've honestly never been happier. you guys make me smile, every day. sad thank you for taking the time to talk to me. smile"
b"really?! that's pretty funny. i think guys with dark hair look good in purple lol grinning face with smiling eyes"
b'seriously do not know what i would do without my license/car'
b'seriously hate school just feel like i am wasting time. time to drop out and start my music career right?'
b'seriously hate the hiccups unamused face i literally sound like im barking'
b'seriously how fun would it be to get your phd in synthetic chemistry and work with grant money to create new antibiotics?! loudly crying face'
b'seriously lloyd! always perfect timing train!'
b"seriously lol my life. currently thinking about all of the things that i've screwed up lately."
b'seriously my favorite thing is when people remember little things i told them... like seriously? you actually listened to me thank you'
b"seriously need a fag but it's fucking freezing"
b'seriously only shaved one leg in the shower... and the sad part is this happens to me too often'
b'seriously? snow? ask me how much i want to get out of bed now..'
b'seriously thank you everyone for everything you do and always helping me out'
b'seriously the one person i do not like you go and tell her everything...'
b"seriously though guys when jesus comes back i do not think he's going to be thrilled there's an exercise called crossfit"
b"seriously? what was that? i swear the divas ' segments are so bipolar - one week so great and the other so bad. nice buildup."
b'seriously, whenever i delete text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'btw thanks for making me feel guilty for enjoying a hot dog. thank you so very fing much.'
b'i love xmas so much i puke it'
b"said he smokes 4 joints on his day off & 5 if he's working! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat seth and are the most hilarious guests on"
b'set off the fire alarm in my apartment from burning my dinner... you could say i am a professional chef flushed face'
b'*sets off fire alarm trying to make toast in oven**toast still comes out perfect *'
b'settle down, people having fun. i am clearly trying to be miserable over here'
b'oh yeah fuck being sleepy i am gonna eat kush ass cheesies'
b'seven billion people on this planet and i have 2 friends'
b"sex, drugs and candy crush all have one thing in common. it's only an addiction if you start paying for it."
b'sex is like a gas station. sometimes you get full service. sometimes you gotta ask for service & sometimes you have to be happy w/ self service!'
b'sex is like comedy. most of the time i do not get it, but i act like i do.'
b"sex is like high school... you miss a period and you're in trouble."
b'sex never read so good! get your sheets wet with the chronicles of sin! -'
b'i want my kids n his to blend as blood n pure respect n hon i are n fun n working our rationally n peacefulness'
b"sex with an ex is like ramen noodles when you're drunk. it hits the spot but it's never your first choice."
b'sex with the right person can be addicting as fuck ok hand sign'
b'sexy and i know it. rough news today. prayers appreciated.'
b'\'sexy \' lexi thompson all grown up & one young recruit " mama, do not let your babies grow up to be golfers. "'
b'sexy singles in your area want to meet you, then ignore you while you both stare at your phones.'
b': i literally just about killed myself falling down stairs and it\'s just 9:30 am... grinning face with smiling eyes " \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3'
b'i will really enjoy those pics n not say anything'
b"you're very welcome. & good will you bring it to school tomorrow?"
b'shakespeare : " to be or not to be. " satre : " to do is to be. " socrates : " to be is to do. " scooby doo : " do be do be do. "'
b'no worries... we have a list of ways to help!'
b'you look great! and good luck on ur exam! 3'
b'shall i or shall i not? k'
b'shame city lost eh!?'
b'shame we can not have nice things without assholes ruining it'
b"is the man that shows me that it's ok to love the jerks."
b'same. its terrible. i am literally in the middle of lectures right now and am thinking about worry'
b'shanice sat at work with me for damn near my whole shift face throwing a kiss love my b! tch'
b'" you just went there to rekindle your love eh " lmao fuckin chad face with tears of joy'
b'god i wish we had as good sunsets in england but its just wet and foggy'
b"now that you're in the are you going to wrestle"
b'shaquel you need to get your license so you can pick us up and take us to gym " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'share your own pictures some more, maybe you will find a guy for your personality.'
b'wow that took me one whole minute to find'
b"shaved one leg, that's how i am feelin"
b'shaving your legs. more like yoga in the shower with razor blades.'
b'" of course, i would not want her to be upset or angry.. " she nodded, setting down her empty cup. " well, shall we head out? "'
b': happy birthday i have the perfect bday beverage for your cup... milk'
b'shawn gone be so upset, well ioonoo'
b'good luck and have fun on the last show'
b'how are your spanish classes going? lots of love from colombia'
b'i can not wait for the rest of the album i am so excited!!'
b"i'd like to participate in a long emotional hug with you."
b"i love mercy babe \xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97\xf0\x9f\x92\x97 proud of u! you wrote one of the best lyrics i've ever listened with 17 years old. explain me : how?!?!"
b'i love your new song i know what you did last summer! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f was it fun working with on that?'
b'do you remember me i yelled to you while you were walking acrossed the stage at the nh show? love you \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f 1'
b"the one thing i need in my life is a hug from you. i wish i could thank you for everything, but i know that'll never happen"
b'this is insane. i can not imagine sharing my heart with so many people who look up to me at once'
b'what! i am gone for a few minuets and you turn into elmo and starting talking in the third person?'
b"you love them because that's the only time you have privacy to jack off"
b'shawnmila working on the duet during the summer tour'
b'i got something similar not too long ago. the note said " i sent this just as i received it, thought you\'d enjoy it "'
b"she ain't want to get caught slipping face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'she got a big booty so i call her by her real name and i do not let her physical appearance define her as a human being.'
b"she got pissed, because i kept replying to her 'good morning ' on truecaller instead of messenger in sleep."
b'she has to live a life. like think about that. sleeping is a fucking chore for her'
b'she heard me call her a b*tch so now i have 100 problems.'
b'the good news is there are no members! so they can not get caught in scandal!'
b'she is a keeper.'
b'she just wanna drink all my leaan'
b'she knows just how much i love my birthday \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x95'
b'- " i am so over skinny chicks. " me - " what\'s the real problem? - " i am fat. " true'
b'she looks nothing like her'
b'she lost the first set, amazing'
b'she loves school'
b'she needs to change her mind... what you think.'
b"shenmue 3 kickstarter collector's edition - and still got probably another 3 years to wait for it"
b'she only love me when the sun goes down'
b'she picked one hell of a day to get married.'
b"she put on 100 pounds in two years. doctors couldn't find a reason."
b'back in the day a whipping fixed every thing'
b"she's a combination of sensitive and savage. has a smart mouth but gets upset when she isn't receiving the amount of attention she wants."
b'she said i could poop while she was in the shower, but apparently she meant in the toilet. why can not women just say what you really mean!'
b'shesgotwhatittakes : shesgotwhatittakes : while cleaning out my room i found a paper that my therapist'
b'she shaved one leg, and left the other one hairy for 3 weeks. why? because she says it feels like mine when they rub! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'she texted me : " youre adorable. " i replied : " no. you\'re adorable. " now she likes me. all i did was point out her typo.'
b'she think she hot'
b'she thinks the real is the best show in the world!'
b'she was a beautiful person but i heard her sound of chewing food.'
b'she weighed one pound at birth so doctors wrapped her in'
b'shhh if you keep quiet long enough you can hear nobody giving a fuck about what you have to say'
b'thanks man smiling face with smiling eyes much love heavy black heart'
b'shit can not be perfect overnight. good things are built over time. they do not just pop up out of no where'
b'shit goes down on damn it never fails and i love it'
b'shit happens, i mean look at you.'
b'shit happens when you trust the wrong people.'
b"networks reported bush 2006 low approval numbers 13 times more than obama's 2014 numbers"
b'shocking that ap is back already...'
b'" because i do not have, nor do i barely want any. and if i do decide to join your guild, i would love to be left alone. "'
b"shoot for the moon. even if you miss, you'll be really far away from me with your motivational nonsense."
b"shoot for the moon. even if you miss, you'll land in a field somewhere cause gravity you idiot."
b'shopping alone is the best.'
b'shopping for antiques wont make you gay, but it will make you buy curios.'
b"shopping rule if it's not black put it back on the rack"
b'short replies are a no-no unless its me giving them smile'
b'shorts and boots with the fuuuurrrr'
b'should be a great day on the slopes with my mom and her boyfriend and his son'
b'should be working on my paper buttttt not going to'
b'should have looked at myself more closely before i left the house this morning'
b"shouldn't we get paid to use the self-service checkouts in supermarkets? it's like we work there for a little while."
b"shouldn't you have to pass a drug test to get a welfare check since i have too pass one to earn it for you?"
b"should've seen nikita trying to rush me to the hospital. my body was covered in hives, i had a big allergic reaction and my face swelled up"
b'should we follow our president on insta? ha'
b'shout out to all the chemistry kids coming in and having fun with us today \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b'
b'shoutout to all the double texters, fast repliers, and people who understand the sarcastic " smiling face with smiling eyes " we are all truly grateful'
b'shout out to all the guys who hit on my best friend! face with tears of joy'
b'shout out to all the slow walkers in the hallways'
b'shout out to bees, willing to kill themselves just to inconvenience a hater.'
b'shout out to deborah brown and justin hylar who worked hard to get me home when 2 of my 3 flights were canceled. thanks! you rock!'
b"shoutout to huntsville's middle for breaking my jaw on a hard hit that i took to the face! you the real mvp"
b'shout out to my brother for always playing piano when i am trying to sleep'
b'shout out to my floor for respecting quiet hours'
b'shoutout to my haters " i am under the illusion that that people are jealous of me when in fact i have nothing going on.'
b'shoutout to my mom, you the real mvp for cleaning my room. keep up the good work sport'
b'shout out to my parents for paying the internet bill every month god bless you'
b'shoutout to my professor for starting the class early'
b'shout out to my sister for being so great'
b'shoutout to my suite mate for getting it in this morning while i was showering. i love to hear sex noises first thing in the morning unamused face'
b'shout out to sidewalks. thanks for keeping me off the streets.'
b"shoutout to that ex that you never actually dated but when y'all stopped talking it felt just like a break up"
b"shoutout to that one person that hears you when you're talking in a group and smiles or replies so you dont feel like an idiot"
b'shoutout to that vulgar face you make while trying to control your laughter in the crowd thinking about us.'
b'shout out to the chicks that say, " so what are we now? " after fucking on the first date... bitch we just fuckin!'
b'shoutout to the friends that actually hit you up to make plans with you, you are very much appreciated'
b'shout out to the government for emailing me to tell me how much i owe them! thanks.'
b'shoutout to the herd of elephants that moved in upstairs'
b'shout -out to the little boy that drove by my interview outside in pueblo west today and yelled " i love channel 5! " we love you too!'
b'shoutout to them niggas talking that i am working on my summer body now, the only exercise they working is the fork to mouth and drinks to gut'
b'shoutout to the osborne fam for supporting me at my game in osborne. face without mouth'
b'shout out to the people who have already asked the exact questions from my homework on yahoo answers'
b"shoutout to the people who text me first, hit me up with plans, or check up on me from time to time y'all a real one"
b'shoutout to the state of nebraska for making me get more shots... just a perfect end to my day...'
b'shoutout to the teachers who ask how you feelin when your head is down instead of bitching at you'
b'shout out to whomever came to see me at the baby expo tonight! what a great and busy night and thanks for'
b'showered like half hour ago and just realized i only shaved one leg loudly crying face unamused face'
b"showers are amazing. they make you feel nice and clean, make you sound like a professional singer, and help you make all of life's decisions"
b'shows how good of a friend you really are'
b'depends i guess just because it did not sell huge in the west, does not mean many do not still enjoy it'
b'show us your best rain dance to live music with at from 7pm tonight. great food, fully stocked bar'
b"i love the arguments different point of views isn't a bad thing"
b"i am a big auburn fan, so i was always hoping he'd go well, but some of the shit he does is out of this world"
b"shut up bitch. your legs are like taylor swift's song... they're never getting back together."
b'jumping off a bridge hoping to get hit by a bus'
b'i am hoping if i sat hello sunshine enough maybe she will repeat'
b'if it was great why talk? just sleep'
b'sick but always fabulous.'
b'sick of this fucking job hurry up 5pm'
b'sick sick sick good'
b'side joy of business travel : spur of the moment catching up with a high school classmate for dinner. have not seen her for years. good times!'
b'" wow that is fantastic, what in spanish class? "'
b"*sigh* was already stuck babysitting cousins & not playing but now the power is out so there's no water either."
b'sign of the times :600 doctors attend conference on plant -based nutrition the world is waking up. " watch them end'
b'sign said " wet paint " so i emptied my dasani water bottle on it. i am currently waiting on further instructions.'
b"silence is golden, unless you have kids then it's just suspicious."
b"and it's people like you that make the world turn"
b'lol first class problems, i have having to wait for baseball season to wrap up before clippers basketball'
b'simple " hi " can make us smile but simple " bye " can make us cry.'
b"my class is crazy everyone talks over each other worry but you right she's so woke i love her so much"
b'since is posts now i guess we should all pay to be social...'
b"since we do not have classes tomorrow (yas ) i'll just check the updates early in the morning good"
b'single and ready to get nervous around anyone i find attractive.'
b'single bells, single bells, single all the way, oh, what fun it is to ride nothing because i am single, and no one wants to love me.'
b'single bells single bells single all the way'
b'single is not a status. it is a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.'
b'single parenting i was built for this shit'
b'single september only me october no man november do not date december yeah, i got this.'
b'single ( ) taken ( ) who cares i am awesome (x )'
b'sinusitis & strep throat good \xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'sitting at the neurologist fun getting injections'
b'sitting at work and thinking about all of the studying i could be doing right now... so damn stressed...'
b'sitting by myself at lunch today yayy'
b'sitting by myself for lunch is cool... pensive face'
b"sitting in bumper to bumper traffic on a 6 lane road like it's a parking lot... just how i wanted to spend this beautiful afternoon."
b'sitting in cambridge for two hours is exactly what i wanted to do on my day off..'
b'sitting in class and a fucking spider crawls on my books, literally flipped the whole desk'
b'sitting in media lol smile'
b'sitting in my car hoping my napa homies will hit me up with plans.'
b'sitting next to the girl who " invented " snap chat...'
b'sitting on a golf cart in the rain is so much fun grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'sitting on bio class... excited!'
b'sitting on my bed eating a kit -kat taking a break from the hectic life i lead'
b'sitting outside because i have nowhere to be in between classes is fun...'
b'sitting while wearing shorts is a fun way to make your thighs look like they escaped sausage casing.'
b'six hours of sleep is perfect...'
b'six more weeks of complaining about winter until we start complaining about the heat'
b'skinny = anorexic thick = obese virgin = too good non-virgin = slut friendly = fake quiet = rude you can never please society.'
b'skipped class just so i could take a nap.. cause i am exhausted af with both jobs & all my classes. can not wait for school to be done.'
b"it's good to see the english commentators are applying their normal jingoism for an english team in the cl."
b"your username pikachu gives it away smiling face with smiling eyes yeah right now i only manan chemistry or ky2 to end. it's no fun anymore"
b"david cameron i am with him 100% i literally feel sick to my stomach & fear the thought off yes so it's from me"
b'doh!! brexit is from 2 words british & exit so brexit means british exit, the eu was stopping you from asking what you should have'
b'fair play to cumberbatch.he can stand by whatever he wants to & on the other side of the coin..so can others..what is your point?'
b'raining in manchester this morning no surprise there'
b'safe crime is out of control in thailand'
b'surely juventus are not big enough for the greatest footballer the world has ever seen'
b'slapping your best friend when you get excited about something.'
b"- trump has already won. he is so far into hillary's vacuous head that it will be a miracle if she does not pass out."
b'when one is jumpy and predisposed to see danger, he or she can make a lot of things look like guns.'
b'sleep deprived fuck off headache well snapchats and text are welcome'
b'sleep for dayz'
b'sleeping in my ballet shoes cos there new'
b'sleeping is good bc you forget about ur problems for a while'
b'sleeping is great cause you forget about everything for a lil while'
b"sleeping is nice because you're not actually dead and you're not awake so it's a win-win situation."
b'sleeping is nice. you forget about everything for a little while.'
b'sleeping is so difficult when you have a world awake in your phone.'
b'sleeping is so hard when you can not stop thinking.'
b'sleeping is such a chore sometimes'
b'that would be great. i wonder how many hours you sleep for?'
b'sleeping last night was such a chore persevering face sleeping face'
b"sleeping next to someone is honestly the nicest thing like when you're half awake at 4am and they move in closer to you"
b'sleeping through home renos is easy!'
b'sleeping with belle is the worst thing in the world ughhhh angry face unamused face angry face unamused face'
b'sleeping with the lights on is cool'
b'sleep is a freaking chore. i hate sleeping.'
b'sleep is for the people who has no access to internet.'
b'sleep is like sex, i do not get either one as much as i want'
b'sleep is like sex, you never get enough of it and sometimes it feels like it never happened at all.'
b'sleep is my drug. my bed is my dealer. my alarm is the cops. school is the jail.'
b'sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.'
b'sleep is so great. but also awful. like i could do so much in the time i sleep, but doing nothing and sleeping is glorious. damn you sleep'
b'sleepover fact : the later it becomes, the more truth comes out.'
b'sleep + social life = bad grades. good grades + sleep = no social life. good grades + social life = no sleep.'
b'*sleeps to avoid my problems* *wakes up and my problems are still there *'
b'sleep with me so i can put my freezing feet on you and probably take all of the covers and use you as a pillow'
b'slept all day now i am up at 130 with class all day tomorrow yassss so happi'
b'slept for a really long time. woke up to so many text messages'
b'in this unfamiliar place, i am greeted by a stranger, a man without a face - lyrical genius there from dream theater'
b'i am sure they will the woodvale community is a very tight group who look after there own. in my name'
b"slow replies make me feel like you're talking to someone better than me"
b'*sluts facebook status* " describe me with a commercial slogan! < ;3 " guy : so easy even a caveman could do it'
b'i love getting to hear one direction talk about the album one your show! even if it means getting up at 2am smile'
b'smart comment there david'
b'smart man + smart woman = romance smart man + dumb woman = affair dumb man + smart woman = marriage dumb man + dumb woman = a baby'
b'smart phones, smart cars, smart televisions... when are they going to start making smart people?'
b'ha i was confused!... and there was no peach fondling!... this is what happened'
b"smile. it might not make our problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with us."
b'smiling at bitches who hate me is my favorite thing to do smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"*smiling at someone who hates you because you're a sassy bitch *"
b'smiling cause i am so happy to be doing hw all night smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'smokemerazor : home smile we miss you sunflower ~ still... - or'
b'smoking a cigarette causes damage in minutes - not years.'
b'smoking can cause your nipples to fall off.'
b'smoking marijuana does not define you man. i do not understand why some people think you can not be your own person and enjoy smoking weed.'
b'smoking weed is illegal... but then again, so is most of the music on your ipod.'
b'smooooth ride'
b'snapchat is not meant to write your feelings on a black screen & put it on your story'
b'snapchat needs a option where you can save pics as a draft. i am tired of deleting really good selfies thinking i could do better'
b"snapchats from unexpected people make me so nervous to open because i wonder what on earth they've decided to send me"
b"lol retweet if you're feeling the"
b'sneaking in a " bathroom break " during clinical just to check your phone.'
b'sniffs love on tl. i need to sneeze'
b"if you're in organic chemistry you're definitely smart enough to know to follow the law & act responsibly. have fun & be safe."
b'snoop i do not know how to get a contact with you but i really want to make my way into the studio if you can help me'
b'just got a bag of white corn chip " less fat " and it was the most saltiest chip i ever ate. good health'
b'so 7. 1 million people signed up for obamacare. that still does not change the fact that how i met your mother was better under bush.'
b"so, a calmer version of this : i found out last night that before 8am on monday, i have to move all my furniture away from my apt's windows."
b'so am i the only one working on thanks giving face with tears of joy face with tears of joy got me fucked up'
b'so apparently everyone is calling one direction " the new beatles. " great! i can not wait to see who gets shot first!'
b"so apparently i've had a threesome with kirsten and a guy. i did not know this until someone just told me face with tears of joy but apparently it happened"
b'so apparently sunapee has a dress code consistent with other schools in the area face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so a small part of my childhood ended tonight. the hunger games was my favorite series for years and brought joy to my middle school days sad'
b'so awesome to watch your arch rival celebrate clinching the division on your home field...'
b'so awkward seeing how my other classmates that are more prettier than me sad feeling loved'
b"so awkward when you need to flick a fag and there's someone sweeping up fag butts."
b'so basically me and are hot... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"so bizarre when erin wakes up at half 6 and then falls back to sleep half hour later - it's too quiet for only half 8!"
b'so blessed. so moved. so grateful. cant believe this is my life. never going to take it for granted. always going to give back. thank you'
b'so bored. this is the first day where i do not have any homework to do between classes'
b'so cause you go to the wet that automatically mean you can fight? " : face with tears of joy face with tears of joy pussy ho you know what school i attend fight me "'
b'society : be yourself society : no not like that'
b'society is funny. they ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.'
b'sociologists say that social media is creating the laziest generation. i expressed my opinion in great detail by hitting the " like " button.'
b"so close we officially open nov 21st. only a day off so as a runner up prize we'd love to send you a few lift tickets smile"
b"so cold loudly crying face having a fire alarm go off at school when it's windy and raining was not fun \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xe2\x98\x83"
b"so cold i am gonna attempt to sleep in pjs! any screaming, do not panic it's just me waking up twisted in my clothes!"
b'so confused in my math class'
b'so danny welbeck played champions league last night and fired blanks... what a shocker!'
b"so disappointing when you defend someone for so long thinking they're different and they turn out to be just like what everyone said."
b'so do guys like screenshot messages and ask their friends what to text back to a girl or are girls the only ones that do that'
b'so, do not know if you know this, but sitting in traffic is dope.'
b'so dragon age just turned into game of thrones ; i get to sit on a threatening looking chair and decide what happens to criminals - nice'
b'so excited for dat math test tmr smile'
b"so excited for my family hike at 9 freaking o 'clock in the morning!? i love not sleeping in on my day off."
b'so excited for physical therapy tonight smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so excited for picture day'
b'so excited for school!'
b'so excited for school tomorrow and waking up at 6am and sitting in a desk for 8 hours surrounded by bitches and fuckboys woooo amazing'
b'so excited for thanksgiving break just because i will not have to wake up at 4am anymore'
b'so excited for thanksgiving. gonna love the political arguments with my family'
b'so excited for the final chapter in saga to hit the screens this weekend really hoping to win prize pack'
b"so excited for the weekend tomorrow. let's keep it up with a good work this year. i just can not wait for final elections before class."
b'so excited that i do not have to wake up at 4am for 3 days'
b'so excited that i do not have to wake up at 4 am tomorrow for work smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'so excited that my sister and her boyfriend are back today -. -'
b'so excited to be back home but the 60 out here hurting my feelings'
b'so excited to be the only one on campus during mid semester break!'
b'so excited to be working at roadrunner again \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83'
b'so excited to get my write up at work tomorrow loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'so excited to get up at 5 a. m. tomorrow! ughh is it thursday yet?'
b'so excited to get up to a face with skin of a teenager'
b'so excited to go home tuesday night so i can watch cheesy hallmark movies and cook for hours on end with grams.'
b'so excited too hear about project spirit for the next 2 fucking months'
b'so excited to see all the fakes tomorrow'
b'so excited to start all the homework i have after this 5 hour shift'
b'so excited to wake up 4 smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so excited to wake up and not get out of bed tomorrow'
b'so excited to wake up and watch the htgawm mid-season finale tomorrow'
b'so excited to wake up at 5 am :-)))))) love platinum :-)))))))'
b'so excited to wake up at 6 am and do everything in my power to wake the guy below me up'
b'so exhausted. it was tough only having one class today.'
b'so exhausting to have my life changed for the better every time someone posts a screenshot of a famous quote.'
b'so far i am 0 for 560 in going the right direction after getting off an elevator.'
b'so far im only taking one class on tuesdays and thursdays, which is fantastic'
b"so far i've spent most of 2014 flipping off the weather channel."
b'so far my day is turning out great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'so far my dui has cost me 750 and i have not even had my first court date.'
b"so far the only thing i've learned at this discovery museum is that i really like sitting down."
b's/o for the support if you have not already check it out and leave a comment or'
b'so fucking classy. face with tears of joy'
b'so fucking excited for tomorrow but can not stop coughing. my throats hurting so fucking badly.'
b'so glad 70 is backed up smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'so glad i am constantly invited to raves in az via facebook..'
b'so glad i can sleep for an extra half hour in the morning'
b'so glad i can not lift my arm up.'
b'so glad i do not have to stay at school til 1030. good cancellations. good thanksgiving break'
b'so glad i got food poisoning from applebees face with medical mask'
b'so glad i have a bio teacher that is gracious enough to teach me correctly face savouring delicious food'
b'so glad i have a new bag with y netbook'
b'so glad i have homework in every class, two tests tomorrow and i work 5 -9 unamused face'
b'so glad i have to get up at 6am tomorrow to work for two hours unamused face'
b'so glad i am being taught biochem by a teacher who thinks my major is a joke. pouting face'
b'so glad i am losing sleep over someone i barely know...'
b"so glad i am retaking physics. it's even more fun the second time around! asian accents are so easy to understand!"
b'so glad i slept so well for this 8 am...'
b'so glad i studied for that english test face with tears of joy'
b'so glad it randomly started raining!'
b'so glad josh gets up & turns every light in the house on!'
b'so glad my boyfriend thinks the only point of twitter is to tweet every dumb thing i say unamused face'
b'so glad my dogs home, but taking down these 500 posters is going to be a bitch'
b'so glad my orch-mates get to see me at the end of the day when i look like shit'
b"so glad sinclair is dead! couldn't stand the bitch... though she should have been offed long ago"
b'so glad smithson turned into a bitch.'
b'so glad someone pulled the fire alarm seven hours before my class while its freezing and raining'
b'so glad that i have a 66 in ap bio..'
b'so glad that lawyer bitch dies.'
b'so glad that me and the rest of the class are being productive in this tutorial.'
b'so glad we had an armed robbery happen right beside us in the building while we were out in the eno'
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xe2\x98\x81\xef\xb8\x8f so glad we're closer but you are so pretty and i love having classes with you!"
b'so, go away 4 a week & come back 2 find poch has gone to spuds, rl on way to liverpool and most of the rest of the squad want out! gr8 -'
b'so god invented christian mingle to hook you up with his pick for you? does not seem like the best use of his time.'
b'so good knowing i have to be up at 4am for work when i only just finished... flushed face weary face'
b'so happy i havent had a single day off and ive been working 8 hour plus shifts'
b'so happy i left my chem till the last minute'
b'so is starting out with the main characters making out. who are also brother & sister.. cool.'
b'so happy my horse tried to kill me tonight... pouting face'
b'so happy my kids high school prepared him for college!'
b'so happy that i have a psych review session until 8!'
b"so happy that i've been promoted to the position of office junior -"
b'so happy to be back in sunny england'
b'so happy to just find out uoit decided to reschedule all my lectures and tutorials for me to night classes at the exact same times!'
b'so happy to volunteer'
b'so happy we got the house! can not wait to start fixing it up and building a home with my favorite person \xf0\x9f\x92\x91\xf0\x9f\x8f\xa1'
b'so helpful'
b'so i am again the only girl in group, only this time with 4 guys, and our first official assignment is to get drunk in old riga. nice.'
b'so i asked her... do you work at subway? because you just gave me a footlong.'
b'so i come home from two intense workouts back to back to no food. i am starving.'
b'so... i did not feel like a nuisance at all today...'
b"so, if i lie to the government, it's a felony. but if they lie to me its politics?"
b"so, if mitt romney finds a woman in one of his 'binders full of women ' that he likes, does he have to put three rings on it?"
b'so if professor x can move objects with his mind, why can not he make his legs move?'
b"so, if we lie to the government, it's a felony. but if they lie to us its politics."
b'so i got up and made this chick breakfast this morning and instead of thanking me she ask me " how did you get in my house "'
b'so i guess this is another repeat of last night? cool. so glad that people listen to me when i talk.'
b'so i had a few relatives from kosovo say this too me over the summer " is it time too find you a bf " -. - not after last time'
b'so i had some weird allergic reaction to something and i am covered in hives.'
b'so i have a crush on someone but i also like someone. but yet i am still single.. my life! lol it couldnt be better!'
b'so i have cool work dreams weary face'
b'so i have just been served a pizza at the manor hotel that was literally cheese on raw dough unamused face'
b'so i have the flu. great timing.'
b'so had her first beignet from and we had to wait 45 mins for it'
b'so i let cori give me a facial yesterday at school & turns out i am allergic to one of the cleanses they use... my face is covered in hives face screaming in fear'
b'so ima have 8 am classes next semester... good -. -'
b'so i am putting an alarm on at 12 am just so i can watch hdweuh and then go back to bed. then i have to wake up and go to school good'
b'so i am stuck babysitting smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'so im up to 30 of these. it really is alot of fun. im enjoying being annoyed.'
b'so in love i could puke'
b'so inlove with school smirking face'
b"so insanely tired but i need to study all night. screw wanting to be in the honors program. c's get degrees. face with tears of joy"
b'so i officially have no music player at all... school should be fun'
b'so i took the straight outta compton stand up from work. yeah. kinda in love with it.'
b"so, i've never watched rick & morty, but i am fixing that mistake. favorite thing, this awesome mouth shape :"
b"so i've stayed up all night hoping this shit would be resolved, and it has not"
b'so i was at a concert last night and this girl tried to move me out of her way like i was a piece of furniture.'
b'so, i went home today. just my luck. the week of my anniversary i get sick.'
b'so i will not be doing nothing cause my birthday on thanksgiving eve put litter in its place symbol'
b"so jealous of everyone at the mocking jay tonight hope you're having an awesome time while i suffer through my homework crying face loudly crying face"
b'so just checked my bank statement to figure out what bar i left my debit card at... see you on my lunch break city bar'
b"so, katie price has called her new baby bunny! classy let's hope she never has buck teeth."
b'so lazy that i reply " i wanna dream about you " when she asks me to " remain awake ".'
b'solid half of football, looking quality defensively. up the arsenal'
b'so like im so happy bc im done with the pictures for le school paper and omg osnfkskemdks good'
b'so literally the ep after samantha has to give up her pursuit of a black man, she lets a white gunman in to her building?!?'
b'so lookin forward to this 9 hour shift tonight'
b'so looking forward to 8am tomorrow'
b'so, looks like i passed the last test, or so says the email i just got now to wait to hear back from the job people'
b"so lovely when your tutee cancels the appointment 25 minutes before it's supposed to happen... \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1"
b'so lucky to have such an awesome professor. he knew i have had a lot going on and extended extra time for my homework. finally done!'
b'so many confidence boosters already this semester'
b'so many friends in english today'
b'so many people i graduated high school with are pregnant once your friends start having kids it all goes down hill from there'
b'so many people put others before themselves & are left screwed over. do not allow yourself to care more for others than you care for yourself'
b'so many people to talk to face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'so many things annoy me like its not even funny and i think its becoming an issue face with tears of joy'
b"so many years of education yet nobody ever taught us how to love ourselves and why it's so important"
b's/o for being the best college algebra teacher ever smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'some adults seriously piss me off. stop worrying about my pictures and worry about yourself. thanks.'
b'some bitch : omg you wore that shirt the other day me : yeah well in my house we have this amazing thing called a washing machine'
b'some black chicks stay saying a white chick is " trying to act black. " meanwhile, they have blonde weave and sky blue contacts.'
b"somebody gon come home to no food and a deleted myplayer file and it's all your fault"
b'somebody want to explain to me? so far i have literally only seen it used by egregious sock-puppets'
b'some call me the greatest some call me the shittiest but i think i am a football god'
b"some chicks now and days think they're so cool."
b'some company calls my house every single day & if you answer the phone they just hang up on you. so my question is, how do i get that job?'
b'some cunt in a nightclub came up to me and said, " i get 20 times more girls than you do, haha. " me :20 x 0 = 0.'
b"someday i'll get in line at the grocery store and the person ahead of me will not be insane. today is not that day."
b'some days i just have to repeatedly tell myself, " if britney spears can make it through 2007, i can make it through today. "'
b'some days i just wish i was an octopus, so i could slap eight people at once.'
b'some days, i practice positive thinking. other days, i am not positive i am thinking.'
b"somedays it's like :face : *smiling* hair : fuck youand other days it's like hair : awesome ;)face : fuck you"
b"some days you dress nice, other days you wear pajamas for 3 weeks straight. it's called balance."
b'some days you just have to fill the tub with skittles and pretend to be godzilla in a ball pit.'
b"some days you're the titanic, some days you're the iceberg, and some days you're the guy who jumped off and hit a propeller on the way down."
b"someday when scientists discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be unhappy to find out it's not them."
b"some day when scientists discover the center of the universe many people are going to be disappointed to find out it isn't them."
b"someday you'll miss her like she missed you. someday you'll need her like she needed you. someday you'll love her and she will not love you."
b'some drunken d bag woke me up at 5am this am for no reason and has not apologized for disturbing my slumber.'
b"some girls be like 'am sure you told every girl the same story '.. idiot : do you use different cvs when applying for a job?"
b"some girls claim that they're independent, but depend on a guy for their happiness."
b'some girls our age make me wanna go hug my mom and thank her for the way she raised me'
b"some girls think they're not attractive because they do not look like the girls that get worshipped on social media and that's unfortunate."
b'some guests really know how to touch my heart with poetic words'
b"some guy just blindfolded me and dragged me into a warehouse. i am still waiting for him to say it's a febreze commercial."
b'somehow i got the squeakiest bed possible at conco. thanks a lot'
b'somehow i am sitting here thinking, hoping the 3 dots for the reply shit pops up slightly frowning face'
b'*somehow* we managed to " use up all the water in the school. " yay?'
b'some kid brought his long board to class so that he could ride it to and from his truck parked 20 feet away from the door'
b'some light snow and flurries in lab west and north tonight and tomorrow. not as cold too!'
b'some mornings i wake up feeling excited about the day and realise i have nothing to be exited over so then i feel sad :((('
b'some nights i wish i could go back in life. not to change shit, just to feel a couple things twice'
b'some of you dont need the face swap on snapchat because ur already two faced lol'
b"someone bring me some hot chocolate pls my house is freezing & i am stuck babysitting :')))"
b'someone broke into my car, a pen exploded all over my stuff, failed a test, and ran out of kit kats... what a great day'
b"someone : can i use your phone for a second me : what do you need i'll look it up for you. call someone? i'll dial"
b"someone from uni flat has just message me and i've been drinking worry great time for first introductions"
b'someone i dont like : where did you buy that shirt? me : someone bought it for me.'
b'someone is in a great mood again today'
b'someone just came down the street blasting yeah by usher, what kind of world are we living in'
b'someone keeps putting soap where my beer holder is in the shower.'
b'someone needs to go wake that guy up from green day... september has ended.'
b'someone needs to open a low-carb chinese food restaurant and call it " no more mr. rice guy. "'
b'someone once said that i should always treat other people how i would like to be treated. now i am facing sexual harassment charges.'
b"someone please gift me the 5sos movie because my credit card it's not working weary face 5 seconds of summer"
b'someone, somewhere, is getting a puppy at this exact moment and i can not help but imagine how happy they must be.'
b"someone's outside my house blasting new album... yeah i am having a good day smirking face"
b"someone's working hard"
b'someone telling me to calm down when i was already calm unleashes a fury that not even hell can contain'
b'someone threatening to kill all blacks on keans campus. this is the reason we can not have nice things'
b'someone told me i looked good in white today. i laughed to myself and thought " i wear white to cover up my dark soul "'
b'someone told me once that shooting stars are really just angels throwing away their cigarettes before god could catch them smoking.'
b"someone you know for a short period of time might have better intentions for you than people you've known for years"
b'someone was literally complaining to me before 7am this morning. really?! your negativity is exhausting me'
b"someone : what are your plans for the weekend me : who knows me : (i know ) me : (i'm not leaving the house )"
b'someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants you in their life.'
b"someone would set off the fire alarm when it's raining outside."
b"some people are a lot like clouds, once they fuck off it's a great day."
b'some people are just like trees, they take forever to grow up'
b'some people are just so cute i just wow congratulations on your dna'
b'some people are like polaroids. you have to shake them violently before they make any sense.'
b'some people are like slinkies not really good for anything, but you can not help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.'
b'some people are real. some people are good. some people are fake. and some people are real good at being fake.'
b'some people are scared to double text while i literally send quadruple paragraph texts without any shame'
b'some people are so emotionally and mentally drained that even sleep does not do anything you still wake up tired. and it just does not go away'
b'some people are so fucking childish like grow the fuck up already'
b'some people are so shady and annoying but bitch i can be exactly the same but worse so dont start kissing face with closed eyes'
b'some people call me the space cow boy, some people call me the gangsta of loveeee'
b'some people come into your life for a reason, a season or a lifetime. others come into your life just in case you need a human shield.'
b'some people had their pretend shares taken away and have an axe to grind.'
b'some people hate me and i dont even know who the fuck they are, but keeping doing you boo \xf0\x9f\x91\xb8\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd'
b'people is just so ungraceful going to let you ruin my day again in progress'
b'some people just need a hug... around their neck... with a rope.'
b'some people just need a pat. on the head. with a hammer.'
b'some people just normally look like they have not slept in weeks. i am one of those people.'
b'some people just piss me off so much like can you just shut your mouth for 5 minutes? thanks. face with tears of joy'
b'some people look for a perfect relationship, i just want little extra chutney with samosa in college canteen.'
b'some people make promises just to buy more time, so do not believe it until you see it.'
b'some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.'
b'some people never believe in god because they have not seen him yet they believe in john cena.'
b'some people really piss me off non binary genders are not invalid k thanks'
b"some people think being called baby affectionately is gross but i love it. babies are so cute. heck yea i'll be ur baby."
b'some people turn out to be everything they said they would not be'
b'some people : wow what a perfect morning for a run me : wow what a perfect morning to go the fuck back to sleep'
b'some ppl get so caught up in the thought of a perfect relationship they forget about the real shit you gotta go through to maintain it'
b'some ppl piss me off, like hey, i dont need your damn option, thanks smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"some punk ass kid pulled the fire alarm at work. now we're all wet b/c it is raining outside."
b'some rain on the radar, but it should clear for a great night of racing -first race at 6. 15pm'
b"some say global warming is caused by an increase in greenhouse gases, but i know that's a cover up for the truth : too many hot local singles"
b'some shit we all just are not built for'
b'some " smart phone. " can not even tell the difference between a " missed call " and a " purposely ignored and sent straight to voice mail " one.'
b'something about cleaning my room helps me clear my head of everything'
b"something i learned about people... if they do it once, they'll do it again"
b'some things are better left unsaid. which i generally realize immediately after i have said them.'
b"some things just can not be helped. that sneeze when your mouth's full for instance... face with stuck out tongue and winking eye"
b'something video games teach us : " if you meet your enemies, it means that you are going in the right direction. do not back down now! "'
b'something you never want to hear during surgery : " who wants to try something new? "'
b'sometime later because the wii version of this game, as fun as it is, is not really worth the retail price. especially in canada.'
b'sometimes all you can say is " yikes " and just move tf on lol'
b'sometimes a person is completely out of the picture but you just can not let go of the frame.'
b'sometimes as i am getting off a crowded elevator i like to turn & look at someone who\'s staying on and say " you\'re in charge while i am gone. "'
b'sometimes a special someone walks right into your life and helps you realize how much better your life was before they walked into it.'
b'sometimes, entire relationships can be chalked up to, " that weird thing i did for a while. "'
b'sometimes google should just come back with a message that says " trust me, you do not want to know. "'
b"sometimes having a big heart sucks, you expect everyone to care as much as you do, and that's just not the case."
b'sometimes i check my messages to make sure i still have none'
b'sometimes i do not want to be with anyone, i do not want to love anyone i just want to be left alone unamused face'
b'sometimes i feel completely useless then i remember i breathe out carbon dioxide for plants so i guess i am not that useless after all winking face'
b'sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds'
b'sometimes i feel like i am just one mood swing away from getting my own padded room with a hug-yourself jacket.'
b'sometimes i feel moderately intelligent. other times i have to sing the " abcs " in my head to remember which letter comes next.'
b'sometimes i feel useless but then i remember i breathe out carbon dioxide for plants.'
b"sometimes i get frustrated because you cant put numbers in caps 12 am i screaming? you'll never know"
b"sometimes i get too excited about things and i end up accidentally hurting myself. it happens more often than you'd think."
b'sometimes i get up really early, drink some coffee and read some awesome motivational quotes. then i go back to bed.'
b'sometimes i go on google earth and just spin the shit out of the world & pretend i am making everyone really dizzy.'
b'sometimes i have the feeling i should get out of bed, but then i think, mmm... better not.'
b"sometimes i just get really sad because i'll never know what a krabby patty tastes like"
b"sometimes i just think about how awesome it'd be to not be swamped with homework"
b'sometimes i just wanna f *ck n sometimes i wanna be in love n sometimes i just wanna be left alone'
b'sometimes i like to go to the hardware store and run around with a screwdriver shouting, " ladies and gentlemen, this is not a drill! "'
b'sometimes i like to use my left hand when playing with my phone so it feels like someone else is wasting their life away.'
b'sometimes i look at my friends and think to myself, " where did i meet these crazy people? " but then i think, " what would i do without them? "'
b'sometimes i lose my phone in my blankets and then sometimes i shake my blanket to find it and sometimes it flies and hits the wall its great'
b'sometimes i love being dramatic when i sneeze idc lol'
b'sometimes i love cheer and other times i do not i mean i am still not even half way done with my homework at it is 11pm smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'sometimes in life you have to leave people behind to move on.'
b'sometimes i randomly burst out laughing when i remember something funny.'
b'sometimes i spend whole meetings wondering how they got the big meeting table through the door.'
b'sometimes i think i miss certain people for like three minutes, remember what they did, and then i am like oh wait.. fuck that smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'sometimes it just feels like only in movies that your crush will fall in love with you too'
b'sometimes it physically pains me to hold back my sarcastic comments'
b"sometimes it's better to lose an argument than lose someone you love"
b"sometimes it's easy to forget we would all violently murder each other if we couldn't obtain basic food or water. have a great day guys."
b"sometimes it's the little victories, like depositing a dollar to avoid overdraw fees that make me feel like a responsible adult"
b'sometimes i wake up grumpy, and other times i just let her sleep.'
b'sometimes i wish i had never met you. because then i could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there.'
b'sometimes i wish i was an octopus so i could slap 8 motherfuckers at once'
b'sometimes i wish i were a nicer person but then i laugh and continue my day'
b"sometimes i wonder how many miles i've scrolled my mouse wheel"
b'sometimes i wonder if that kid in the dreamworks logo has caught the fish yet.'
b'sometimes i wonder if these old men sitting on the benches in the mall waiting on their wives to finish shopping were old when they sat down'
b'sometimes my housewife mode comes on and i cook for hours'
b'sometimes my neighbors love my music so much that they invite the police to listen.'
b"sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. that's why you have tow!"
b'sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.'
b'sometimes, when i close my eyes i can not see'
b'sometimes when my internet is down i forget the rest of my computer still works.'
b'sometimes you have to take a deep breath & remind yourself that you would not look good in prison clothes & smile at the asshole & walk away.'
b'somewhere stuck between " i hate school " and " i need a degree "'
b'somewhere the inventor of yoga pants is near death from all the high fives and non-stop free tequila shots he gets.'
b'so much football today, can not wait for more of the same tomorrow'
b'so much for studying!'
b"so much homework so instead i am gonna go cuddle in my bed and watch netflix trying to tell myself it's okay to do it in the morning"
b'so much love for the guys of digital permaculture and this beautiful structure of geometry. 3 they worked tooth'
b"so my arms are covered in hives and they're itchy and gross. also, they've spread to my stomach and my back now. fun"
b'so nerveous! love a good bidding war grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'so nice & i get treated like shit'
b'so nice to come home to a full fridge after being used to no food at uni smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'so nice to come home to my parents house to have them buy no food just because they know how fat i am'
b'so nice waking up to this.. more like my dig gus clawing my face at 6am happy'
b'awww cute c : i love your sneeze. but not as much as your pretty singing'
b'so a productive member of society today. ate a and now just playing left for dead 2 & listening to pandora.'
b'so now guess whos covered in hives and rashes and welts from itching face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"so now i can not sleep apparently. it's going to be a good day \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3 unamused face"
b'so now my star wars tervis is sitting under my car bc i did not want to waste time trying to get it before class.'
b"so now there's a very good chance i'll have to deal with my gma constantly bugging that weekend about how much i suck as a gf & if i did not"
b'soo excited to try to sleep with my back hurting'
b'soo i am entering my 4 hour lecture on a 15% battery life on my phone... this is going to be so fuuun.'
b'so older black women who like younger men are panthers, right?'
b"sooner or later you get over shit you swore you'd never get over and it's the best feeling in the world"
b'soons as i hear that alarm clock & my mama voice in the morning i say thank you god for letting me and my family see another day'
b'sooo good seeing live tonight splashing sweat symbol'
b'soooo glad that all we do is fight.'
b'soooo if this whole college thing does work out 4 me, expressions it is winking face'
b'soooo inlove with school works smirking face'
b'sooooo glad i fucking waited up all night'
b'sooooo = i do not know what to say, but i do not wanna stop talking to you.'
b'sooooo, im stuck babysitting while my parents go see banda roja'
b'sooo what a great start to my day! being on the 88 children i have to deal with on top of it.'
b'so out of shape, internet explorer could probably run faster than me.'
b'soo you know... i might be mentally ill because i seem to fit the criteria for a narcissist. dsm -v is always on point.'
b's singing voice is heaven to my ears'
b'i am glad your parents will not let you leave school early, it brings me joy'
b'so proud of how well i straightened my hair today...'
b'so proud of my boy for graduating puppy class 1! he did fantastic! onto the next stage!'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8c\xbb\xe2\x9c\xa8 so proud so in love so grateful so pleased so blessed.'
b'so pumped for weight room today i wanna okay games'
b'so ready for school (:(:'
b'so ready for school tomorrow!'
b'so ready for this chem test!'
b'so ready to do all my homework tonight'
b'so ready to enter the gates of hell with coach d tomorrow'
b'sore throat and a blocked nose, just what i need before work tonight sad sad sad'
b'ok wait but literally same like thats all my report cards idk how cause i do all the work in the class before its due'
b'sorry boo, yeah i lie to you, but do not you lie to me.'
b"sorry boys, but i already got my eyes on a guy who's not interested"
b"sorry but if your dog is small enough to be carried away by a falcon then it shouldn't be called a dog."
b'sorry, but i am not tall enough to ride your emotional roller-coaster.'
b'sorry dad, i heard the internet will not be working at school again tomorrow. one more day off will not hurt nobody'
b'sorry for calling you a bitch. i really thought you knew.'
b"sorry for threatening to hit you face with tears of joy i was told that it wasn't nice to say that to paying customers"
b'sorry hater, i do not speak bullshit. but i do speak sign language. now read my middle finger, bitch.'
b'sorry, i did not get your message because i deleted it without listening.'
b'sorry, i did not get your text. just kidding i ignored that shit'
b'sorry if this sounds arrogant, but i can have any guy i do not want.'
b'sorry i am late. there was traffic and i left 20 minutes after i said i did.'
b'sorry, i am not rihanna. i do not love the way you lie.'
b"sorry, maya dirado : you'll still have to pay taxes on that olympic medal"
b'sorry my friend. " : so this is how it ends. this is where it all goes down. this is what " i do not love you " feels like... "'
b'sorry my tits steal the show'
b': being a mess is going great'
b'sorry sweetie, but no. alcohol is not an excuse for being a dirty slut. nice try though.'
b"sorry that offended you, i really did not think you'd get it."
b'so sad my last day of pediatric clinicals is tomorrow sad i love all my little babies'
b'so sad when people just stop talking to you for no reason'
b"so sick of hearing how sexy guys with accents are. i've had my hyundai accent since '04 & not one girl has complimented it yet."
b'so some lady at work just asked me when my baby was due!'
b'so someone stole my card and my screen is cracked.'
b'so so so pumped to see tonight. happy early anniversary can not wait to dance to cough syrup with you'
b"s/o student council having all it's meetings during calc 1 last year and then changing it to calc 2 this year. i love missing math grinning face"
b'so sweet of you revolving hearts'
b'so tell me, does it hurt to be so full of sh*t?'
b"so tempting to i am certain he's missing our love. poor bastard ; had it all and lost it."
b'so thankful for the bville police who are standing at the dead stoplight doing nada or sitting in their car on the phone.'
b"so thankful that always keeps me updated on what's happening on campus!"
b"so is saying ryder is there to meet lions. robbo is saying he's there to get married..."
b'so the bus was late in 30 minutes so what?'
b'so the fact that my transmission is shot in my car is pretty sweet.'
b'so the last part of the ldn session was sad bc history but beautiful as well can not wait till they come back from their well deserved break'
b'so, they charge us to park our cars in their area so that we pay and repay and repay for carry bag too. nice!'
b'so this english essay is definitely about to be 3 paragraphs'
b'so this is cool.'
b'so this is how it ends, this is how it all goes down, this is what i do not love you feels like. loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'so this week my brother has washed an elephant and fed a tiger in thailand and i have gone to work. i bet he is well jel'
b"so tired. and it's only 9. good"
b'so tired at 10. 30pm. should be the one and a half hour sleep last night lol so horse rice face with tears of joy'
b'so tired i only shaved one leg. did not even notice until i got dressed and wondered why i was only wearing one half of a woolen stocking.'
b"so tired of girls complaining that there are no good guys left. hello? they're where you left them, in the friend zone!"
b'so tired of nothing ever working out.'
b's/o to all my teachers who giving a quiz or test today'
b's/o to for snapping every beautiful picture possible of me expressionless face'
b's/o to dad for getting loaded on a tuesday'
b'so, today was my first day of school.. let the fun begin!'
b's/o to every single one of my teachers for giving me homework! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b's/o to for text me back yesterday...'
b's/o to my bestfriends mom, thank you for blessing me with your child'
b"s/o to my chem professor for not explaining smartwork so i've missed 3 assignments!"
b's/o to my parents for helping me pay for college'
b'so tonight was productive...'
b's/o to the blue mountain kid that poked me in the eye'
b's/o to the city of green for warning us about lauby road being closed'
b's/o to the person who gave me walking pneumonia... you da real mvp \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\xb7'
b's/o to the ppl who have stuck around long enough to see my transition from a sensitive little shit to a ruthless bitch'
b's/o to this big ass storm! unamused face'
b's/o to for telling us beforehand that the lobo v shuttle was picking up at the pit'
b's/o to whoever stole my note book for medical procedure class! much love for you'
b'so ummm every one of my classes is full and i do not even enroll for another half hour'
b'so um yea about that take off. sitting on the runway in charlotte watching the light show.'
b'sounds like adrian peterson had a wonderful childhood'
b"sounds like an interesting presentation on children's coming up"
b"sound so good it'll make you want to slap your mum with a wet fish... wait what lol"
b"i am so beyond happy for you tay! you're going to be the best mommy ever and i can not wait to babysit face with stuck out tongue"
b'so we trend and they trend what a lovely fanbase they have there.'
b'so when do i become a millionaire that is the real question'
b'so when ur famous do you just magically have great skin or'
b"so who's the asshole that decided to cut out nap time after kindergarten?"
b"so who wants to be my partner in the constitution bowl quiz tomorrow? lol, i'll carry"
b'so why are lads popping up to me that have just had a baby interested'
b"so claims that he knows where these ' sites ' are, he would not know where his car keys are most nights!"
b'so yeah, i am sitting here with my music blasting and i hear the faint sound of the mlp theme.. turns out my dad was watching it.. hmm'
b'so, you are planning to wait for her to text first. good luck, she really would be dying to text you out of her 200 contacts.'
b"so you'd think having a smaller house would make putting all this up easier."
b"so you're gonna teach us math by writing sentences on the board? oh."
b"so you're telling me this? is a high five emoji? my whole life is a lie"
b'so you will suck a dick but will not drink tap water?'
b'good that is for sure!'
b'spanish class is the best part of school'
b'spanish word of the day : " tissue " example - " oye mamawevo you\'re doing it wrong, lemme tissue how to dougie! "'
b'speaking of old articles that were good : my porsche is awesome.'
b'special thanks to the cackling hens that live next door for going out of your way to talk very loud outside the door'
b'but they do love each other. they peppered their argument with those scenes of them loving each other'
b'thank you for such a fantastic ballet class! i am gonna feel it tomorrow... smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b"i'd give my right arm for a new chair thank you so much x"
b"speed remake idea : in this version you can not exceed 30mph, keanu is an old asian lady, the bus is the car ahead of me, and it's not a movie."
b'spelling mistakes can ruin your life. one man sent this text to his wife, " i am having a great time, wish you were her. "'
b'spending 35 minutes on the bus is the perfect way to end 7 and a half hours of school'
b'spending 45 minutes on the phone to british gas was just what i had planned for my lunch hour flushed face pensive face'
b'spending money on shit you do not need & later regretting it'
b'spending my day cleaning and going through my room'
b'spending my lunch break arguing with my bank on the phone. adulting pretty hard.'
b'spending my lunch break at the bank'
b'spending the rest of my life trying to find someone i love as much as my bed'
b'spent my first day home doing homework for 8 hours xd'
b'spent my last quid on a scratch card was hoping to hit the jackpot... got nothing'
b'spent the entire night trying to create a website for women drivers, but it kept crashing.'
b'spent the last half hour chasing an itch around my back. fuck u, i want to sleep you bastard.'
b'spent the last half hour watching miuccio brothers vives \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f i will sleep well tonight!'
b'spinners games are not fun when theyr with my fam... quality start to the long weekend'
b'spins in woke excellence poc. i fucking love yall weary face fine asses smirking face face throwing a kiss'
b'spoke to a state pageant director today who is highly respected & supports me & whos known me for years going to work shanna moakler'
b'spongebob : " can you hear me? ". patrick : " no, it\'s too dark. "'
b'spongebob : " patrick, you\'re a genius. " patrick : " yeah, i get called that a lot. " spongebob : " what, a genius? " patrick : " no, patrick "'
b'btw love it and hope the jerks in arkansas see it'
b"a whole half! wow that's a lot of time!"
b': being part of selection process not a problem : zico -'
b'spread love not hate you jerks'
b'wraps up another school visit, a little wet but happy to have learned lots from the panthers!'
b"i'd love to but i am supposed to be getting up at 6am for a run before work!"
b'new school does not require it face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'srsly if you do not want to talk to me say... do not ignore me. thanks id really appreciate it'
b'srsly though, the " college interactive " app is so helpful to anyone who plans on going to college'
b'you mean like real madrid is the best team ever'
b'i am getting up now lol. i love my bed'
b'took that position very seriously smirking face'
b'stalking " is a strong word, i like to look at it as " intense research on an individual'
b'stalking my tweets will not tell you anything. i could tweet " i am so mad " and be talking about how someone ate the last of the mac n cheese'
b'standard algebra 2 with my best friends'
b"standing in the middle of a store with no shoes on.. you're such a lovely mother..."
b'*standing on a high balcony* normal person : what a breathtaking view! me : i could totally snipe that guy from here.'
b'star student award goes to me'
b'started cleaning my room 5 mins ago. also stopped cleaning it 5 mins ago'
b'started doing injections today. fun stuff smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'started from the bottom and i am currently still at the bottom'
b'started from the bottom and i was somehow able to get lower'
b'started from the bottom now we a little bit above the bottom'
b'started fucking hoes now i am queer. - ricky martin'
b'started this day off right'
b'started watching vines with my sister when i know she has homework to do. " my book isn\'t reading itself, unfortunately. " i love her, lol.'
b"started writing up a lab report that's due tomorrow. good procrastination!"
b"starting off the new year single again it's sort of a tradition i have upheld for many years i see no signs of this tradition breaking"
b'starting to fall in love w this whole being up early shit.'
b'start : jason relaxed upon a ledge in front of the school as he began meditating +'
b'start trade school in february! by next time this year im tryna have a career job. fucc that'
b'start working out now if you want that summer body not 2 weeks before before it his 60 degrees next spring'
b'state capitalism but they still had wellfare the real name of nazi is national socialism'
b'staticy hair season is back which means i am lovin my long hair lol'
b"stay down get ya own do not depend on nobody for shit that's how i was built"
b'staying patient, waiting for love to find me'
b'staying up all night because i love homework'
b'staying up all night for exosphere test tomorrow'
b'stay positive and good things will happen.'
b'stay up til 2 to talk to you for 30 seconds how sweet of you!'
b"i'd love to puke all over obama. that is how sick this idiot president makes me with his i am not going to deploy us troops."
b"it looks like it might give good head, but you'd have to be pretty small. wait that's it's face, right?"
b"too many mp's and others are happy to highlight the problems but nothing ever gets done"
b'oh bless you steph! i have been known to point the car key fob thingy at my front door in an attempt to unlock it. sleep well'
b'stepped outside school for abt 2 mins before a decided to get a taxi home n my hairs still wet wtf how'
b"getting concerned, i am out in the theatre and you're not even here. i'll sit and wait i guess."
b'you that old? no wonder ur hair is'
b'yeah no problem. im blasting this loud as hell right now lol'
b'yh im knackered ha... i know its only half hour but i like my sleep due to my colotis.'
b'stg we needa start our own school face with tears of joy'
b'get some sleep chica and we can attempt to study 1st period'
b'still at work for another hour but i literally just gave up and put sweat pants on. lol. my day is going great. unamused face'
b'still a work-in -progress. some days i feel like i have it together, other days i feel like i have a ways to go. either way, im trying tho'
b'still can not tell if this day is gonna be diarrhea or just a fart. i do know its gonna stink.'
b'still dealing with fog across the region tonight so keep it slow on those roads. fog and wet roads, not a good combo. see you at 11!'
b'still feel bad for not considering that dr. pepper might be a woman.'
b'still got a couple years to wait for that one'
b'still have 3 years to wait and the boys were trying to recruit me for dart league last night face with tears of joy'
b'still have to type a whole lab report tonight. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"still hoping you'll pop back up in my life so i can tell you to get fucking lost and remind you that you're a piece of shit face with tears of joy smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"still hurting from rondas lost but it's okay mcgregor going to win the belt so i am excited."
b'still losing sleep at night over why they changed the iu credit union jingle. we had such a good thing going'
b'still on the same shit still tryna find a trap to turn up in and some dick to suck every weekend that shit do not get boring? sleeping face'
b'still stuck babysitting what is wrong with my life crying face loudly crying face'
b'still thinking about the doorway argument in love & the sex club scene that uses the assault on precinct 13 theme. music is everything'
b"fuckin pisses me off should be sam there cas no isn't about wincest so before ppl jump down my throat about that"
b'still trying to decide if " you look nice today " is a compliment, or just a way of saying that i usually look like shit.'
b'still up doing homework. awesome awesome'
b'still waiting for a discovery channel " how it\'s made " episode on babies.'
b"still waiting for bigflo and speed interactions, i know they'd love each other!"
b'still waiting for the day a rapper makes it cool to have a girlfriend and love her'
b"stood outside waiting for my hotel fire alarm to be stopped. least it's not raining and not too cold."
b'stop accepting being treated like shit hoping people will change'
b'stop asking about college! stop asking about jobs and my career! stop asking about my future! i do not know okay i do not know!'
b'stop bitchin about the frigid winter snow. there are kids in africa who do not even have weather!'
b'stop hanging onto people who treat you like pure shit.. hoping they will change'
b'stop letting " love " be your excuse for settling all love is good for the heart'
b"stop letting people bring you down you do you like why does it matter what anyone else thinks if it's not affecting them whatsoever?!?\xc2\xbf?!"
b"stop making life harder than it is enjoy it or you're going to regret not doing so later in life"
b'stop making outfits with pajamas ppl cute'
b"stop posting song lyrics as passive-aggressive messages to someone. you're embarrassing yourself."
b'stop putting " teamsingle " after every tweet. single is not a team. you are alone!'
b'*stops a sneeze with my shirt sleeve* the teens love to do this'
b'stop twerking and let the dogs out. " actual sentence i just yelled at my not quite 9 year old. oh i so love her little friends.'
b'stop waiting for them to text you, if they do not appreciate you, find someone who does. reply'
b'stop worrying about shit that doesnt have anything to do with you'
b"stop worrying about someone that isn't worried about you. never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket."
b"looks amazin i am hungry at 10pm lol away to raid what's in kitchen - no food to come home to"
b'story of my life... pouting face'
b'story of my life : i do not know what to wear because i look ugly in everything'
b'story of my life : i knew better but i did it anyway smh'
b'story of my life : was born ugly as a child ugly as teenager ugly as an adult ugly im dead still ugly bye'
b'straightened my hair and its already curling and i have not even went outside yet...'
b'straightened my hair this morning and my roots are already curling tf up! great!'
b"*straightens hair even though it'll most likely be ruined by the rain tomorrow *"
b"straight up not even caring that i am working over 30 hours because it's almost the fucking weekend. suck my dick world"
b"stream in half an hour? stream in half an hour. let's get sweaty guys! trials prep! can not wait to see your lovely faces. 3"
b'stressed and school hasnt even started'
b"stressing out about school is so fun... i literally only think about all the homework i have and should be doing. it's great."
b"string cheese is the sexiest of the cheeses. it's like you get to undress it."
b"strippers get my respect because it's super difficult to not look like an idiot when dancing alone."
b'strongest moment of 2015 was spending a weekend in hospital and going to reading with a kidney infection a day later, suck it blud'
b'strong people do not put others down. they lift them up and slam them to the ground for maximum damage.'
b'strong people do not put others down. they lift them up. and throw them.'
b': my friends are rich as hell and i am just like..'
b'stucco is awesome maybe at the jersey shore circa 8 years ago'
b'stuck babysitting 5 kids unamused face expressionless face'
b'stuck babysitting again today \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'stuck babysitting and i am starving, someone bring me food loudly crying face'
b'stuck babysitting my 16 year old cousin'
b'stuck babysitting on a saturday night, what is life.'
b'stuck babysitting tonight since my parents are in vegas. movie night at my house, friends'
b'stuck babysitting while everyone goes shopping disappointed face'
b'studentsfirst says it will not play politics with columbus schools parent trigger'
b'studied from 10 -330... taking a break to watch the pats game then right back to studying loudly crying face'
b'studies have shown that 231,823,764 people are too lazy to read this number.'
b'studies have shown that people who have more birthdays live longer.'
b'study date with'
b'study group was a huge sucess! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'study halls nowadays are so productive! smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'studying ncm 102 so i can learn about maternal and child nursing. i want to graduate soon'
b'study tip : \xe2\x80\xa2 stand up \xe2\x80\xa2 stretch \xe2\x80\xa2 take a walk \xe2\x80\xa2 go to the airport \xe2\x80\xa2 get on a plane \xe2\x80\xa2 never return'
b's t you p i d = smart talented unique person in demand.'
b'stye in my right eye, pink eye in my right eye, pink eye in my left eye & now a stye in my right eye! these past 2 weeks have been fun'
b'subconsciously, women easily fall in love with a man whom they\'ve met while experiencing a dangerous event or situation. "'
b"not to mention that i personally know these people and they are jerks and they love talking behind other people's backs"
b'success and maturity can often be measured by how far off the floor your mattress is.'
b'successful facetime date w/ face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'success is like pregnancy, everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.'
b'such a beautiful day at have to work... disappointed face'
b'such a beautiful day..'
b'such a fun monday night'
b'such a good friend me'
b'such a good thing to have on ur phone. push the button when you feel unsafe and when you let it go if you dont enter ur pin they call the cops!'
b'such a great day \xe2\x80\xbc\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'such a great morning...'
b'such a great night at watching the live mice and men. will defiantly help towards my exam smile'
b'such a had district bruh!'
b'such a model student.'
b'such an awesome feeling'
b'such a productive day'
b'such a sad moment when you order clothes online and they do not look nothing like they did in the picture crying face'
b'such upstanding citizens we have in the nfl these days... unamused face pouting face'
b"sucks when you've been defending someone for so long and they turn out to be exactly what everyone said they were"
b'suffering the hot side of the pillow while the cold side charges.'
b'omgomg i am so excited for it! will be the best thing to wake up to *o *'
b'hello, i am sorry you are having issues with your service. please dm me so i can check your signals ^ne'
b"but yeah you're right lets lie, throw the actors under the bus but raise 'awareness ' while i make my money! woohooooo! loving it!"
b'summer for college kids is basically seeing how much money you can rack up and trying to get back in shape all within 3 months'
b'summer holiday at pelion starts today. great weather'
b'summer kind of stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else im wasting summer'
b'choked in front of everyone in the lounge today and thought i was gonna die. highlight of my day unamused face " glad your alive'
b'sunday nights are the worst you go to bed with that horrifying feeling of impending doom like " i\'ve got a whole fucking week ahead "'
b'sunday nights suck ass because tomorrow is monday and no body likes mondays t -. -'
b'sunday nights suck when the weekend was wide open'
b'i pulled on the bank doors like crazy till i realized that it was closed. first thought that everyone was on lunch break.'
b'sunglasses allow an individual to stare at people without them knowing. it is facebook in real life.'
b'suns out and i am working?'
b'super excited i do not have to wake up for class in the morning'
b'super glue just exploded all over my fingers. so i hope everyone else is having a great day.'
b'" well ya know... i know it sucks to be upset and have to hide it all in, so honestly if you gotta vent or whatever, (1/2)'
b'support the steadfastness of the people of gaza - he'
b'why are ppl i block, staying blocked ex'
b'sure. go ahead. chew with your fucking mouth open. i love the sound of that smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'sure just hurt my feelings its not like im human or anything'
b"sure looked like the puck flew out of play when bieksa's stick exploded. a replay of that in slow-mo would be great"
b"surely this is perfectly normal behaviour for a prudent reader who does not want to get 'caught short '?"
b'sure stranger i do not know, i will happily use my strap-on on your sub, just because you say so. *grumbles *'
b"surprise : it's raining in vancouver"
b"surprise sex in the morning is the best... unless you're in prison."
b"surprise surprise it's raining again"
b'surprise! they raised the cost of bus fair by 2 dollars starting today for no reason.'
b'surround yourself with people who try to better you, not people who try to be better than you.'
b'what a fantastic class, a real credit to the school and their teacher. honoured to be invited.'
b'swear every time i attempt to start my assignment i just end up shutting my laptop and deciding my bed needs me and sleep is more important'
b'swearing is unattractive " i am not trying to look attractive anyway so fuck off.'
b'swear to god why did my algebra teacher give me like the best advice'
b"swiftsecrecy : the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could"
b'swimming in pe tomorrow is going to be great unamused face'
b'switching to bud light because i feel bad about how hard those two mountain climbers have to work every time someone orders a coors light.'
b'is getting the most attractive pictures of me ever right now. weary cat face'
b"syllabus : cramming will not work for this class. me : well it's gonna have to."
b'synonym : a word used in place of the word you can not spell.'
b"you requested that dumb location? you'll see lot of clubbin over there"
b'bought but rented just a student at queens need all the help we can get'
b"it's ok, i am away a lot this weekend and installed battlefront earlier, so i still have something shiny and new to suck at!"
b'been really busy an even busyer after brake smh but ok bro still ur doing great keep it up face with stuck out tongue and tightly closed eyes'
b': it makes me feel good when someone reads my text and not reply smiling face with heart shaped eyes " it\'s the best smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes unamused face'
b'well that makes sense'
b'take a fantastic nap before going to class'
b'*takes 50 selfies **deletes 49 **stares at that one selfie till it turns ugly **deletes that too *'
b'*takes a second to verify my argument with google because i am pretty sure i know what i am talking about but i do not wanna get dragged *'
b'*takes difficult af test* professor : we are doing lab tonight, so turn in your tests and prepare. " me :'
b'*takes homework out* *rewards self with 4 hours of internet *'
b'take some hip-hop, add in a mental illness or two, season to taste, cook for hours and you get'
b"take the high road. i have no idea why ; it's rarely as satisfying. so, forget what i said."
b'take time to listen and enjoy grinning face with smiling eyes grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"take your age and add 5 to it. that's your age in 5 years. mind = blown"
b'taking 30 minutes to shower, because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life.'
b"taking a break from studying. blasting 80's music videos while i get some stuff done around the apartment. yeah! sat night!"
b'taking a break from the dranks tbh im buzzed maybe even drunk face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i guess its funny since im driving'
b'taking a nap in algebra class is the best \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f face with tears of joy'
b'taking a nap is always so risky like when will i wake up? in thirty minutes? in 2 hours? in 7 years? no one can be sure'
b'taking a real good selfie and staring at it for too long and realizing it is actually the worst photo ever'
b"taking cute selfies is really hard when you're not cute"
b'taking kill it with fire a bit too literally'
b'taking my dog out never gets old. getting sick is just amazing...'
b'taking " naps " sounds so childish... i prefer to call them \'horizontal life pauses \''
b'taking off from work is a great idea till ur home doing nothing, bored af'
b'taking one last sip of your drink to prepare for leaving the restaurant.'
b'taking out a pack of gum at school is like taking out cocaine at a rehab meeting.'
b'taking your bra off &gt ; washing your makeup off &gt ; shaved legs &gt ; fresh set of nails &gt ; natural hair &gt ; sweatpants &gt ; sleeping in &gt ;'
b'takin some swigs of nyquil so it does not take as long to cry myself to sleep'
b'talent : blocking out people in my life and acting like they dont exist'
b'talent : having the urge to drop out of college every 5 seconds'
b'talent : pretending i can sing when i sound like a trashcan'
b'talents : being the ugly friend'
b'talking about boy meets world and the kids i babysit for said " what\'s that? " and " wait people really watched that? " like what at'
b'talking about how crazy your night is going to get tonight in class makes you sound sooo cool.'
b"talking bout ' how my sister & i never fist fought. i know a lot of siblings who have, but we just love each other that much."
b'talking is working well for me today'
b'talking shit about our school but yall school never made it to montgomery sleeping face ill continue to wait face with tears of joy white up pointing index'
b'talking to a hot boy\'s parents like, " i am a big fan of your work "'
b'how good was your man wiltshire tonight aide? shit just like the rest of the team as good as you think!'
b'tall boys with dark hair and shy smiles who smell good and have a great taste in music are very very very important'
b"ive been awake since 7. 15 it's even a long day and thanks it makes me happy you're delighted"
b'thanks you for everything. now i am listening " sun goes down. " i love so much that song smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes heavy black heart'
b': new blog post : london fashion week round up! " literally freaked out'
b"how does one fall asleep standing up soaking wet butt ass naked what's good w you"
b"oh good! we just started with the 100 & it's so dark. we could use something fun. smile"
b'i love waiting while the lady at the service desk is taking a personal phone call!'
b'wine is better for you than beer if you are pregnant, trying to preach'
b'dont get caught out - they just want your debit card details'
b"that's what i love about ma and ct you can register and insure a car without a license and that's what i did ha"
b'this was me like 3 weeks ago after driving without a license for 3 years lol'
b'i wanna be talking 2 sober girls not some drunk bitch who cant even walk straight plus the sky is the limit get what i mean?'
b'like seriously i got no licence a broken leg an im gunna lose my house. ill be your bodyguard as repayment. 1 of 2'
b"makes it on to the billboard hot 100 for the first time with 'never '"
b"so i have insomnia and for some reason you're music can make me fa asleep... it's magic!"
b'the queeen is never late unless you are actually late because i have been waiting like 100000 months'
b'why bitch about a naked wax model of yourself? kanye west is literally promoting your fame in retrospect.'
b'taylor swift seems like the type of chick that would poke a hole in a condom.'
b'taylor swift waved at a boy yesterday and he did not wave back... so she will have a new album coming out tomorrow.'
b'tay said he wants it to show off my ass so i have to figure out a way to get it to without looking mermaid'
b"do not worry figuring out what you're gonna do with your life only gets easier"
b"tbh as a gf/bf, you see a whole different side of your gf/bf than others see... that's why nobody could truly understand the relationship."
b'tbh : i hand out stickers in my ap class to people when they do their homework and it makes me so happy to do it like i love it'
b'tbh my colg algebra class being cancelled is the best part of my bday so far lol'
b"tbh my music taste is so hard to describe like it's literally everything except for the songs i dont like"
b'tbh there are literally like three people in the world who i can hang out with for more than 4 or 5 hours without wanting to strangle them'
b'\xf0\x9f\x90\xb1tbh we (you ) are going to do great on that vocab test tomorrow'
b'to fun times in ap chemistry!'
b'tbt to the night i fell in love with night photography. do not stop shooting just because the sun goes down!'
b'tbt to working at belts this summer because my favorite customers have paws \xf0\x9f\x8d\xa6\xf0\x9f\x90\xbe'
b'when i played love live for so long i passed out in the middle of a song and i woke up 30 mins later and the song was complete'
b'well that was a fun old day'
b'man you get in tv and talk like you were an all pro..'
b"teacher : 24 + x + 30 = 90. find x. student : it's between 24 and 30."
b'teacher : come on guys! you did this in 6th grade! me : i do not even remember what i had for dinner last night.'
b'teacher : do you understand now? me : yeah, totally teacher : walks away me : the fuck did she just say'
b"teacher : from all this talking, i assume you're done me : from all this complaining, i assume you're single"
b'teacher : " here\'s a worksheet... oh and it\'s double sided. " me : " i hope you die a painful death. "'
b'teacher : " how old is your father? " boy : " as old as me. " teacher : " how can that be? " boy : " he became a father only when i was born? "'
b"teacher : it's obvious some ppl did not study for this test me : me next time, sweetie"
b'teacher let us sleep in extra half hour and then class only lasted 15 mins'
b'teacher : please put your phone away me : please shut up'
b'teacher said i can not eat in class... i think not.'
b'teachers be like " you had all weekend to do your hw " but they had all week & still did not put a single grade in the grade book. \xf0\x9f\x90\xb8\xe2\x98\x95'
b'teachers call it " going to the bathroom " we call it " i am bored. i am leaving. "'
b'teacher : " sit up front. " me : " lol no, i sit in the back for a reason. i do not want to see your ugly face in hd. "'
b'teachers should give extra credit to kids who show a weeks worth of text messaging with zero grammatical and spelling error kidding'
b'teachers who say that most of the work will be done during class..'
b'teacher : " tell me the name of 3 great kings? " me : " smoking, drinking and f *cking. "'
b'teacher : " the test is easy. " me : " sure it is, you already know the answers. "'
b"teacher : we are watching a movie today. me : oh hell yes! teacher : i'll be giving you a worksheet to fill out. me : the fuck you just say"
b'teacher : " what comes after 69? " me : " mouthwash. " teacher : " get out. "'
b"teacher : where is your homework?, student : i lost it fighting this kid who said you weren't the best teacher in school."
b'teacher : where the is your math homework? me : it committed suicide, had too many problems.'
b'teacher : why are you at school so early? kid : my mom told me to go to hell.'
b'teacher : " why are you late? student : " i am late? " teacher : " you just missed an entire period " student : " are you telling me i am pregnant? "'
b'teacher : you failed the test. me : you failed to educate me.'
b'teacher : you failed this class me : yeah but you ugly tho'
b'teacher : you had all weekend to do you homework! me : uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life'
b'teacher : " you\'re here to learn. " student : " no, we\'re here because it\'s the law. "'
b'teach your kids about taxes and social security by taking 30% of their halloween candy and promising to give part of it back in 70 years.'
b'tears of joy gone be pouring down my face when i leave school loudly crying face smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'technically i agree. they usually do not get caught. criminals find people who want their money - plenty of inventory.'
b'technology is outpacing my ability to come up with convincing lies that i did not get your message.'
b'said he would not give it said he would not take it nice to find matched pair of clown shoes'
b'teenagers have time + energy but no money. middle age people have money + energy but no time. old people have time + money but no energy.'
b'teenagers : i lost my virginity at a party. me : i lost a follower while i was sleeping.'
b'teenagers : the most misunderstood people on earth. treated like children and expected to act like adults.'
b'teenage years are the best years of your life "... i sure as fuck hope not.'
b'continue hoping for yalls struggle to end. keep faith cuz that shit never gonna happen it seems neutral face'
b"teen pregnancy is more acceptable than being gay and that's really sad"
b'teen pregnancy will be at a all time low due to the releasing of black ops 2 & halo 4.'
b"teens : i like to smoke weed and get high. me : sometimes when it's cold, i like to breathe really heavy and pretend i am a dragon."
b'wow a convicted scamsters frustration is coming out'
b"sure. feels that it's normal talk for men to talk about molesting women. with his finger on the pulse he'll fit in nicely."
b'tell a girl she has an attitude & watch her catch an attitude about how she does not have one'
b'tell a man there are 400 billion stars and hell believe you. tell him a bench has wet paint and he needs to touch it.'
b'telling a girl to calm down is like trying to baptize a fucking cat.'
b'telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.'
b"telling people to follow me while threatening them. that's a nice approach."
b'telling someone not to be sad because others have it worse, is like telling people they can not be happy because others have it better.'
b'telling the cop that you thought the voice in your gps counted as a designated driver does not help your case.'
b'tell me i am cute or something so i can like roll my eyes at you but then blush when i think about it later'
b'ten years to wait oh boy! well nine as this year draws to a close!'
b'tequila is spanish for " forget how much you hate your ex. "'
b'ok i am not even gonna lie i was totally just stalking your page and liked something from forever ago so yeah sorry face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'terrible local council loss tonight for lab in ashford kent. down from 1st to 3rd. bad omen for oldham in 2 weeks'
b'texas love the way it goes down'
b'text a girl something stupid and it takes 42 seconds for three of her friends to get the screenshot'
b'textaphrenia. a disease found in teens, in which they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.'
b"*texting a new person *them : send me a picture me : bitch this ain't snapchat!"
b'texting is cool. you sound polite to the receiver but nobody knows that you are typing with your middle finger.'
b'texting one person consistently 24/7 is so much better than having multiple people in your phone'
b'texting someone who does not use emoticons is like being locked in a room alone with kristen stewart.'
b"texting wasn't always easy. in my day, you had to work for it. you had to want it. you need an s? you better click that 7 button four times"
b'text me first + fast replies = perfect person to text.'
b"text me when you're bored and i'll ignore it like i am busy."
b'wait, i thought you did not like lighties cough cough cough'
b'are you pleased with the performance of the london underground so far this week?'
b"tfw your family said they'd save you dinner and you come home to no food."
b'thank fucking god i close tomorrow instead of working morning shift. i really need to sleep in crying face weary face only had one day off this week face with cold sweat'
b'thankful 3: lunch with great ladies, cheap good shampoo, do not think i failed my test!'
b'thankful i do not have classes on fridays'
b'thank god for no school on fridays good'
b'thank god for the 2 -3 friends that actually care about me & check on me, you guys know who you are. ur a blessing i swear'
b'thank god i still have 5 days to achieve my goal of " going to the gym in 2013. "'
b"thank god it's an allergy and it will be a quick fix. i love that little baby"
b"thank god it's monday!"
b"thank god it's raining so now my hair will look fabulous for my senior pictures"
b'thank god! rt : i took those long nails off. they were press on for my shoot. omg i can text & tweet again.'
b'thank god the romney campaign is really specific on their policies and do not lie to americans straight to their face.'
b'thank god we do not send messages with pigeons anymore. where would i find 200 pigeons every day?'
b"thanks, all cc have been canceled & at least she's not responsible for any of the charges. will have to pay to fix window"
b'thanks all you beautiful people who stopped by during our trip into the amazingly fucked up world of finale tomorrow 7pm est!'
b'thanks a lot for supporting me and having faith in me.'
b'thanks a lot snow! now works canceled which means less hours and less money!'
b'thanks a lot for reminding me to do the reading notes?'
b'thanks a lot whoever fucked up the last 10 minutes of on charter. now i have to worry about spoilers like a late asshole!'
b'thanks assholes for not informing me that you. have. canceled our plans. i literally hate my lifr'
b"thanks for completely wasting my lunch break. after 22 years with you think i'll find another bank."
b'thanks boxing for another week of fucked up sleeping patterns and tiredness'
b'thanks bro and i actually used my brain you know it works pretty well and you guys are just trying to piss me off at this point'
b'thanks but our class got canceled'
b'thanks you fucked up the only show i watch on tv. you have to be the absolute worst cable provider out there.'
b'thanks dear, she\'s in hospital already though heavy black heart " : try giving her solid foods. or water. so it goes down. "'
b'thanks for pushing me into my middle splits and breaking my legs'
b'thanks dude...'
b"thanks eagles smhhhh... y'all let the fuckin bucs put up 35... i needed this game to stay under 45 smh fucked up 4k"
b'thanks for a fantastic class tonight carla... fusion was taken to a new level...'
b'thanks for all you do \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f but you do piss me off entirely to much unamused face'
b'thanks for always keeping me happy even tho you piss me off most of the time.. you the dude \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'thanks for asking about me unamused face'
b'thanks for being such a good friend'
b'thanks for being there'
b'thanks for being there when i need you unamused face'
b'thanks for caring. face throwing a kiss'
b'thanks for coming to my game tonight unamused face'
b'thanks for ditching me today, proper good friends you are, glad to have you'
b'thanks for entering just do not hate me but remember this giveaway might be canceled and besides i need more people'
b'thanks for favoriting my tweet. was your retweet button not working or what?'
b'thanks for getting breakfast with me this morning'
b'thanks for getting me re booked thru dallas yesterday after my flight thru chicago was canceled.'
b'thanks for hitting me today'
b'thanks for holding the elevator'
b'thanks for keeping me up.'
b'thanks for listening...'
b'thanks for making me feel better!'
b'thanks for making me feel soooo much better'
b'thanks for making my decisions about what to put in my luggage so much easier'
b'thanks for picking me up and not letting me walk home alone in this heat mom'
b'thanks for preparing me for chemistry, you were the best teacher! i know exactly what i am doing! smile'
b'thanks for replying.'
b'thanks for sticking up for me, it really means a lot face throwing a kiss unamused face'
b'thanks for sticking up for me!'
b'thanks for telling us the class catalogue was finally up for dl four days before school starts.'
b'thanks for texting back raised hand'
b'thanks for texting me first and then ignoring my reply smile'
b'thanks for the 5 am fire drill pouting face'
b'thanks for the love and support (jerks )'
b"thanks for the lovely stream tonight. y'all are killing me with all the love and such. will work more on this sat."
b'thanks for the most fucked up best weekend of my life you bunch of cunts'
b'thanks for these updates! if any service is going to be canceled, how much of an advanced notice will you give?'
b'thanks for the support, family'
b'thanks for the vote of confidence.'
b'thanks for welcoming with your bullshit'
b'thanks for your message, but i just canceled my account and all my reservations. i sent you an email two days ago, too late sad'
b"holiday break can not come quick enough. some work folks be gettin ' on my last nerve! for real. for real."
b'thanks! here is other guy that refused unless we paid 150k extra cash, canceled when we said no.'
b'thanks! he will email you and add me and ask for our cable to be canceled'
b'thanks. hope it helps, than as germanfreemanfan i am still mad at again canceled at short notice unamused face pouting face'
b'thanks i got an email from support (shout out to rena ) & she canceled tote & will let me select another. thank you!'
b'thanks for making our first pep rally and home football game get cancelled!'
b"thanks kaili smiling face with smiling eyes and the tournament today was canceled persevering face but i'll have a great day at home face with tears of joy"
b'thanks lol n you piss me off to'
b'thanks matt! great way to piss me off first thing in the morning!'
b"thanks! face screaming in fear maybe they do not wanna say it's canceled because they think the situation might change. fingers crossed"
b'thanks rain for ruining my hair earlier'
b'thanks being late is so much fun!'
b'thanks for the confidence boost!'
b'thanks sleeping pattern you fucking dick! love being wide awake at this time, cheers for that. i can not get no sleep pensive face'
b'thanks so much for all your help tonight on'
b'thanks! they piss me off so much. i do not know why i even bother most of the time.'
b"thanks to facebook. now i know what everyone's bathroom looks like."
b'thanks to kira house my sinuses are fucked up'
b'thanks to our walmart change management instructor team for a fantastic two day class here at corporate!'
b'thanks to some great students who helped serve food at inner city ministries this morning!'
b'thanks to stop-gap rain this weekend, had to dry my clothes under fan.. now they stink.. sad'
b"thanks to the assholes who couldn't control their liquor & fucked up the 5th quarter last night. dumbasses."
b'thanks to the bae from tacobell that fucked up our order & gave us a bunch of free food smiling face with halo'
b'thanks to the bitch who fucked up with you cause now i get to show what real love is like. victory hand'
b'thanks to whoever fucked up my sisters car, now i cant see her! you happy?'
b'thanks to whoever put the note on my windshield that was very kind of you! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f cactus'
b'thanks to your newest update, i have not been able to use on my phone for two weeks! thanks a bunch,'
b'thanks volleyball girls for making me lose my voice..'
b"thank the stars it's friday, i am burning like a fire gone wild on saturday. guess i will not be coming to church on sunday i'll be waiting love"
b'thank you for taking a picture together now my class is canceled all thanks to ur power'
b'thank you for the good care'
b'thank you alarm clock for failing on me now rather than when i have exams'
b'thank you alarm clock for interrupting the very nice dream i was having about a goofy movie'
b'thank you alarm clock for never going off.'
b'thank you alarm clock, for not fucking working.'
b'thank you alarm clock for waking me up before nightmare begins fearful face'
b'thank you alarm clock for waking me up on time... neutral face'
b'thank you, alarm clock we were not sleeping.'
b'thank you alarm for not being on and making me miss practice'
b"thank you and ily 25ever you actual musical unicorn. you really did it again. so worth the wait, i'll never forget this day xx"
b'thank you apple'
b'thank you bladder for my alarm clock this morning'
b'thank you brother for scaring the crap out of me...'
b'thank you for ignoring us. really makes me wanna vote for you.'
b'thank you business building for bring 50 degrees pouting face'
b'thank you, but i think i rather wake up to an annoying sound instead.'
b'thank you chill alarm clock, thank you thank you'
b'thank you, cramps, for waking me up at 1 a. m... i just can not get enough of you.'
b'thank you for making me feel better'
b'thank you for making my life easier now.'
b'thank you for taking an hour and 40 minutes to read everything directly off the slides'
b'thank you. for taking what meant absolutely everything to me and basically throwing it away for me. you wonder why i never liked you.'
b"thank you for the input, i'll take it to heart!?"
b'thank you internal alarm clock for the early wake up on my day off.. zzzz'
b'thank you ios 8 for not letting me text anyone and not letting me get on twitter or any social network. you da bomb'
b'thank you itunes for the u2 album.'
b'thank you jesus for elp 6 because i am going to be dead after waking up at the butt crack of dawn for the alarm clock pep rally'
b'thank you lord for letting the alarm clock go off!'
b'thank you love! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f i can not wait! but look at you, working so hard to see talented people rise to the top! amazing smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thankyou matt for having a doctors appointment, gonna love this lie in smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'thank you michelle jamie and ty for being my alarm clock'
b'thank you mtv for opening this door many years ago...'
b'thank you, never fun when they need to do an injection but i survived smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'thank you nyc police and fire trucks for being a personal alarm clock every single day waking me up at 5am or before \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90'
b'thank you obama! i am really over weight and this is helping!'
b'thank you for being the alarm clock for my child this morning.'
b'thank you refs for making fantastic calls tonight'
b'thank you sa bestfriend ko na morning alarm clock ko. unexpected.'
b'thank you school for great internet connection'
b'thank you so much for coming to winnipeg! never experienced so much laughter!'
b"thank you so much lord for always knowing what's best for me. i have never been more grateful"
b'thank you that great alarm clock!'
b"thank you. there's no way yall possibly believe that everything he ever wrote was never his"
b"thank you for having a site that's always glitching when tickets release."
b'thank you to everyone who has an inspirational quote in their bio my life has been changed'
b'thank you to whoever set the fire alarm off this morning what a perfect way to start my day! i do not even have my backpack now'
b'thank you twitter for telling me that one of my followers followed like 3 porn accounts. really wanted to know that.'
b'that 100 degree heat index made that one of my most enjoyable runs to date!'
b"that ad was literally the longest thing i've ever seen."
b'that annoying moment when a package says " easy open " and you need scissors, a knife, a gun, and a lightsaber just to open it.'
b'that awesome feeling when a question on your exam is taken from the homework set which you did. so prime.'
b'that awkward laugh you do when you have no idea what the fuck someone just said'
b'that awkward moment between birth and death'
b"that awkward moment when a song starts playing & everyone around you says 'eww this song stupid af ' & you think in ur mind 'i like this song '"
b'that awkward moment when everyone in your house has been sick & you think you beat it but it hits you like a ton of bricks \xc2\xaf\\_ (\xe3\x83\x84 )_/\xc2\xaf'
b'that awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on tv but the can not get it because their parents must be 18 or older.'
b'that awkward moment when my doctor is checking my balls for a physical and i run my fingers through her hair... like a boss'
b'that awkward moment when no one else is laughing, except for you and you can not stop.'
b'that awkward moment when people are like, \'are you ok?\' \'you look tired \' \'are you mad at me?\' and you\'re just like, " this is my face... "'
b'that awkward moment when santa has exactly the same wrapping paper as your parents... ha'
b'that awkward moment when she dose not look like 200 likes in person'
b'that awkward moment when somebody is doing dishes and you slowly put another dish in the sink.'
b'that awkward moment when someone asks " what\'s wrong " and they\'re the problem.'
b'that awkward moment when someone asks you how old are you, and you have to think about it for a second.'
b'that awkward moment when someone comments on a really old picture and you realize they were probably stalking your page.'
b'that awkward moment when someone is crying and you\'re trying your hardest not to laugh. "'
b'that awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.'
b'that awkward moment when someone knows you, but you do not know them.'
b'that awkward moment when someone skinnier than you says " i am so fat. " and you stand there like (-_-)'
b"that awkward moment when someone's sad and you do not know what to say or do to cheer them up."
b'that awkward moment when someones voice does not match with their body.'
b'that awkward moment when the most annoying person is complaining about someone being annoying'
b'that awkward moment when ur uncle comes visiting and realizes you call ur elder brother by name'
b"that awkward moment when you are running and your boobs are bouncing... and you're a guy"
b'that awkward moment when you bend over in front of pinnochio and he lies.'
b'that awkward moment when you can remove 95% of her beauty with a wet towel.'
b'that awkward moment when you can not read your own handwriting.'
b"that awkward moment when you catch yourself singing a song that you're supposed to hate."
b'that awkward moment when you do not understand a joke but laugh anyway, and then someone asks you to explain the joke.'
b"that awkward moment when you finish a math problem and your answer isn't even one of the choices."
b'that awkward moment when you finish watching a tv series and you do not know what to do with your life any more.'
b'that awkward moment when you forget how to spell a really easy word'
b'that awkward moment when you get a nightmare that someone died, and you wake up the next day loving that person more than anything'
b'that awkward moment when you get out of the shower & realize that you only shaved one leg'
b'that awkward moment when you have 5 minutes left for your exam, and suddenly you remember everything.'
b"that awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse not to hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home."
b'that awkward moment when you keep talking and you do not realize your friend walked away.'
b'that awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is " act natural, you\'re innocent ".'
b'that awkward moment when you make eye contact while eating a banana.'
b'that awkward moment when your bro actually tells a cool story'
b"that awkward moment when you're actually sick and your dad does not believe you. good i hope everyone school gets sick now"
b"that awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth but you laugh during it, and everybody thinks you're lying."
b"that awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth, but you're laughing so everyone thinks you're lying."
b"that awkward moment when you realize you're walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending you forgot something."
b"that awkward moment when you're checking yourself out in the window of another car and realize there's someone inside."
b"that awkward moment when you're eating alphabet soup and then choke on the d."
b"that awkward moment when you're kicking ass at mario kart, then you realize you've been watching the wrong screen."
b'that awkward moment when you remember something funny, and can not stop smiling like an idiot.'
b"that awkward moment when you remember something funny, start smiling like an idiot, everyone stares at you wondering why you're smiling."
b"that awkward moment when you're reading a book & have to reread the same paragraph over & over cause your thoughts are too distracting."
b"that awkward moment when you're scuba diving and you see adele rolling in the deep."
b"that awkward moment when you're super excited for something and everything goes wrong."
b"that awkward moment when you're supposed to be cleaning your room and you put on music and it turns into a dance party for one."
b"that awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you."
b"that awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone you never even dated."
b"that awkward moment when you're yelling at someone and you mess up a word."
b'that awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents, so you just sit there and look at your phone in silence.'
b'that awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you, and the plans do not include you.'
b'that awkward moment when your in super deep thought. then 3 minutes later you realize you are staring directly at someone.'
b"that awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced, people actually think you're stupid."
b"that awkward moment when you say you're not hungry, and then your belly rumbles"
b"that awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, and you scream their name, and it's not them."
b"that awkward moment when you show someone something really funny &amp ; they do not think it's funny at all."
b'that awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence.'
b'that awkward moment when you spell a word correctly, but it looks so wrong so you stare at it forever questioning its existence.'
b"that awkward moment when you spell a word so wrong that even auto-correct is like 'i got nothing, man. '"
b'that awkward moment when you take a bath in the middle of the day and do not know whether to wear normal clothes or pajamas.'
b"that awkward moment when you talk to yourself and you start smiling like an idiot because you're just so hilarious."
b'that awkward moment when you think someone is ignoring you when in reality you just did not press send.'
b'that awkward moment when you try to sing a duet with yourself.'
b'that awkward moment when you\'ve already said " what? " three times and still have no idea what the person said, so you just nod and smile.'
b'that awkward moment when you want to laugh in a serious situation.'
b"that awkward moment when you yawn and your eyes get teary, then people ask you why you're crying."
b'that awkward moment, where theres an awkward moment, and everyone knows it\'s an awkward moment, then somebody says, " awwwkkkkwaaarrdd! "'
b"that boy soundin dumb cute when he sleepin cuz he finally ain't talking lmaoooo jk jk (he's gonna kill me )"
b'that " but how is that possible? " face medical store guy makes whenever i ask for a condom.'
b'that clip made my night because this whole weekend has been a dull suck. thank you'
b'that coochie is like wi -fi without a password because everybody is using it'
b'that crazy 5 seconds, when you stand up too fast, and you either go blind or extremely dizzy.'
b'that depressing moment when you check the price tag & walk away in shame.'
b'that depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long, it breaks off, and you wonder why bad things happen to good people.'
b'that depressing moment when you pull up to work and the building is not engulfed in flames.'
b'that depressing moment when you wake up during the best part of your dream.'
b'that empty feeling you get after you fail an exam, super great'
b'that exact moment when your mood changes from happy to sad in a matter of seconds is annoying things can only get better'
b'that extra half hour of sleep felt like 5 minutes'
b'that eyeroll when he does not text you back & then that double eyeroll when he does & you read the dumbass shit he came up with.'
b'that fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.'
b'that fake laugh you have to pull when your boss tells a lame joke'
b'that feeling after cleaning your room is satisfying lol'
b"that feeling of relief you get when it's the right side of note book to write on."
b'that feeling when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from hearing something or seeing something that really breaks your heart'
b"that feeling when you're so sick that sleeping feels like a chore"
b'that feeling you get when you get done cleaning the fuck out of your room'
b'that few seconds after you wake up before you realize everything still sucks'
b'that fire alarm tho, perfect way to end sixth block'
b"that first kiss with the person you've been dying to kiss is probably the best feeling in the world"
b"that follow was a complete surprise! ha '"
b"that funny moment when your ex tries to talk to you again & you're like... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha fuck you!"
b'that gangster feeling when you rap a song without messing up.'
b'that girl did not open her mouth all day today. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i was trying to see her missing teeth spaces.'
b'that goal was completely against the run of play'
b'that grass that you think is greener. they use bullshit for fertilizer. think about that before you jump the fence.'
b'that hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually do not give a fuck.'
b'that is great but i know companies bypass us laws & test on primates in f ***ing china who doesnt give a damn'
b'that is really great that you are in the studio keeping busy is a good way to keep your mind on a good track!'
b'that kid is on a cloud on his way to miami to be with a friend of his. you think he got time for your dumbass?'
b"that'll be right... home shitty telstra internet drops out while i am trying to help a friend over twitter. good stuff."
b'that looks like wet rolled up brown paper towels from a middle school bathroom'
b"yea. it's good! he looks better with dark hair tbh"
b'that love shit built bad confused face'
b"that minor heart attack you get when you read her 'right ' as 'night '"
b'that moment of disappointment when you can not pick your favorite toothpaste flavor at the dentist'
b'that moment of disappointment when you do not get the color gum ball you wanted in the gum ball machine.'
b'that moment of joy when you find money in your pocket.'
b'that moment of panic when you bite into a taco bell burrito hoping you do not hit the rice side'
b"that moment when either of you has to end the convo with 'good night ' but do not wanna stop talking."
b'that moment when the ugliest person you know is in a relationship and youre still single ;o'
b'you wake up on weekend at 6 am with fever, feeling like sh*t but excited anyways coz you got important meetings'
b'that moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you are thinking and both laugh.'
b'that moment when you are too dumb and can not even closely spell something to have autocorrect fix it for you.'
b'that moment when you can not keep yourself from laughing in an awkward situation.'
b'that moment when you get a text from someone you have not spoke to in a long time & all you can do is face with tears of joy laugh, read it & laugh again face with tears of joy'
b'that moment when you have so many things to do, so you decide to take a nap instead.'
b'that moment when you laugh so hard that no sound comes out and you sit there clapping your hands like a retarded seal.'
b"that moment when you miss one step on the stairs, and you think you're about to die."
b"that moment when you out of groceries but it's black friday and you'd rather starve than deal with all these bitches"
b"that moment when you pour a bowl of cereal and realize there's no milk so you sit there, wondering why bad things happen to good people."
b'that moment when you snag the last parking spot in the lot closest to campus. sorry for whoever got screwed'
b"that moment when you've fallen down on a trampoline, and bitches will not stop jumping so you can not get up."
b'that mood where every little thing pisses you off.'
b'that one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on facebook.'
b'that one best friend that turned into a stranger.'
b'that one ex you do not want the world to know you dated.'
b'that one friend that always gives relationship advice, but is still single.'
b'that one kid in your english class that will not stfu'
b'that one password you use for everything and if anyone ever figured it out they could single-handedly ruin your entire life.'
b'that one person everyone likes and you dont cause you know how evil they are and you get so mad cause no1 else can see it'
b'that one person in your class that you just want to smack in the face with a brick.'
b'that one person you wish you had never gave your phone number to.'
b'that one restaurant where you always order the exact same thing.'
b'that plan to go to bed earlier in preparation for school went well.'
b'that psychic was terrible. she did not even know i was going to run out without paying!'
b'that\'s a disgusting example of the downfall of society, let\'s make a reality show about it! " - america'
b'that sad moment when you feel yourself drifting apart from one of your friends'
b"that's algebra test got the best out of me"
b"that's an awesome idea"
b"that's a true best friend right there"
b'that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and can not take it off.'
b'that school lunch was on point!'
b"that's cool act like i do not exist cuz i am not popular enough for you but when you need help go ahead and give me a call. pouting face"
b"that's cool, dangelos, take your time making my food... it's not like i have a time limit for my break or anything..."
b"that's cool i really needed to know that! i am serious thank you for telling me!?"
b"that's cool mom, you knew i was going to be home for dinner yet you still did not get me anything to eat"
b"that's cool"
b'thats cool web browser take 10 mins to try and load something, then i click something else it loads instantly.'
b"that's exactly what i wanted to wake up from a nap to."
b"face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy that's funny"
b'that\'s how he got in her class off that " wait -list ". annalise knew the first day of class.'
b"that's how he got in the class. ain't no wait list. yo i am thrown loudly crying face"
b'thats how kevin love hurt his shoulder the first time... tryna jerk his arm away from niggas... chill fam we know you got the rebound'
b'that sleep lasted long'
b'that smile that makes you forget about everything for a few seconds.'
b'that\'s my girl " might be the cutest thing a boy could say'
b"that's ok, it's not like i wanted any more of the bacon i bought yesterday that i've only had two slices of!"
b'that song on your ipod you always skip but never delete.'
b'you know jackie and luis love me! they fixing to hit up the mall for their favorite daughter keirstyn! \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"that's real fucking cute"
b"that's really going to want dangerfield to stay"
b'that suck weekend go so fast'
b"that's unfortunate. she's totally stupid for the tattoo but as a woman, i am not really here to make fun of her. this happens all the time."
b'thats what i thought, girl i was like why dudes always say i gotta babysit my daughter and im like wait what sir?'
b". that's why i never gave up and i never gave in.. cuz i know true love is waiting on me againnnn weary face"
b'when you realize its legal for you to smoke weed, but twinkies will not be around!'
b"that thing where you know you're not in a great place because you enjoy spending days doing nothing just in between depression sleeps"
b'that time between christmas and new year where you do not know what day it is, who you are or what your suppose to be doing'
b'that urge you get to write " no one gives a shit " on someone\'s status.'
b'that very sad moment of heartbreak when your pet jumps off your bed and leaves the room.'
b'that was actually really funny. but i do not like you. therefore i shall not laugh.'
b'that was a fun argument. i love my followers but anyway.'
b'that was an awesome text to wake up to'
b'that was exactly how i wanted to spend half my day'
b"that was literally the sweetest text i've ever gotten, makes this weekend not even matter smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"that wasn't supposed to be so obvious."
b'that was so funny i almost peed myself -. - tweet'
b'when you realize you can sleep an extra half hour and reset your alarm clock before you go to sleep!'
b'the 1 gym class i go to make up and gardener sets off the fire alarm. i am freezing and standing outside in a tanktop and shorts. fantastic.'
b'the 49ers chris culliver said he would not want a gay player on his team. he then got back to work chasing men around in spandex capri pants.'
b"the 5th floor does this really cool thing at night where they're obnoxiously loud and move around furniture while i try to sleep"
b'the 5 year old i babysit for told me he can not wait to marry me one day but that i am not the only one cause he is going to marry laura too'
b'the a1 literally bores me to tears! without a doubt the worst road in the north!'
b'the ability to sit down with another person and talk for hours, about anything and everything, is more attractive to me than anything else.'
b'the allergy pills lanaya gave me are da truth fr love her'
b'the amount of food i can prepare during a commercial break is amazing.'
b'the amount of people who confuse " to " and " too " is amazing two me.'
b'the amount of sex the person above me gets is astonishing... either that or elephants are running a marathon upstairs every night'
b"the amount of times i've seen people arguing over what the best thanksgiving meal is, is insane."
b'boy dont retweet that ok i fucking love angel go away'
b'the atmosphere on these european nights at anfield are something special'
b'the average human walks about 900 miles per year and drinks about 22 gallons of beer.. so the average human gets 41 mi. per gallon.. not bad!'
b'the awkward moment when the most annoying person is complaining about someone being annoying.'
b'the awkward moment when you can not understand someone even though they repeated themselves 5 times.'
b'the awkward moment when you finally get a housemate and ask her if she travelled from china last night. she was japanese.'
b'the awkward moment when you find out kate upton and selena gomez are the same age.'
b'the awkward moment when you pretend die infront of your pet and they do not move.'
b"the awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway."
b'the awkward moment when you remember something but you do not know if it was real or just a dream.'
b"the awkward moment when you're walking somewhere with your friends and the path suddenly gets smaller and you end up behind them all."
b'the awkward moment when your parents do not appreciate the hilarious child they have been blessed with.'
b'the back of every furniture assembly manual should have a coupon for couples counseling.'
b'the bags under my eyes are bigger than my hopes and dreams'
b'the bank of america across where my mom works got robbed! had to call my mom if she was okay because it was during her lunch break.'
b'the bank on my freaking lunch break was not my plans unamused face'
b'the bathroom is for shitting, not for updating your facebook profile picture.'
b'the bbc shows that takes your money, but refuses to pay out when you have a genuine claim customer service'
b'the beauty of healing...'
b"the beeping on my microwave is telling me my meal's ready, but it suspiciously sounds like morse code for you're a fat and lazy."
b'the best cycling rain jackets for women'
b'the best feeling in the world is when someone you hate tells a joke and nobody laughs'
b'the best feeling in the world is when you realize you just do not care anymore'
b"the best feeling is when you know you're going to fail a test."
b"the best girls are the ones that chill at your house & spend and they're happy asf."
b'the best nicknames are the ones people do not know they have.'
b'the best part about summer is not having to see the dumb people from my school. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the best part of election yrs are the facebook political arguments. i love how they always seem to end in changed minds & deeper friendships'
b'the best part of my job is that my chair swivels.'
b"the best part of my nights is when guests are arguing. i find myself laughing so hard even though they're debating serious issues"
b'the best reply to " i love you " is " well that\'s a terrible idea. "'
b'the best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life.'
b'the best thing about being single is sleeping around. you can sleep all over that big lonely bed of yours. left, right, middle, wherever.'
b'the best thing about twitter & instagram is that every girl finally gets to be a princess, or a _princess, or even a prin_cess.'
b'the best thing is pulling a car up and the bluetooth kicks on and you hear a couple arguing'
b'the best thing on earth, is sharing a laugh with someone you love.'
b'the best things in life are the ones that are impossible to explain to other people.'
b'the best time for calc homework is 11 pm loudly crying face'
b'the best time to look for a job is when you already have one. men apply the same theory to looking for a girlfriend.'
b'the best time to reexamine your life is when you find yourself reluctantly nodding to the questions asked at the start of an infomercial.'
b'the best way to argue with a neo -con is to ask them very basic questions about their views/algebra " you want to build a wall? solve for x. "'
b"the best way to find out what's on a females mind is to make her mad. then all the truth comes out."
b"the best way to get your man to buy you new shoes is to tell him how good they'll look on his shoulders."
b'the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of your own sentence, that way they will just think you lost service.'
b'the best way to make people remember you? borrow money from them.'
b'the best way to start the way is with a car accident aint nobody got time for that'
b'the beyond two souls and heavy rain deal is great. smart too. definitely would not mind playing both again.'
b'uh, with this episodes you managed to do right a clich\xc3\xa8 kind of episode and fixing one of my least favorite s1'
b"oh yes, i live for them, seriously! it's so nice when you get called fat on a daily basis, isn't it?"
b'the bouncer at the club calls me kevin mcallister because i am always going home alone'
b"the boys should sing a. am live like it's such a good song, thee album sing. make it happen"
b"they're just real fun party games and i love playing both. i'll prolly wait til it goes down even more tho"
b'the buffet sneeze guard is there to protect you from vegetables.'
b'the busy bees had a great time at the fun run today!'
b'the campus police here at usi are so friendly. they left me a nice little present on my car! smile'
b'the candle literally exploded in my face but, it was a great start when the clock strike 12 face with tears of joy'
b'thecaradelevingne : after ermanno scervino 2012 - or'
b"the car ahead of me has a 'just married ' sign on the back. it's messed up that we live in a society where cars can marry before gays."
b'the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, " that\'s how i want you to do it. "'
b'good but i cant watch all of it school dance at 7 until 9'
b'the cherry on top of my day : being covered in hives after 12 shots'
b'the cherry to the best day ever...'
b'the coolest feature of the iphone 5s is that it immediately recognizes your old iphone as a punk *ss b*tch.'
b'the cops can not handcuff you if you cut off your hands'
b'the country side is a wonderful place to code in peace.'
b'the dark knight was just as good on 35mm in the theater tonight as it was right years ago'
b'the dark side of emotional intelligence'
b'the day after thanks giving, parents are right back to pissing me off.. they call me an angry person.. not my fault all they do is piss me off'
b'the day hasnt even started and everyone is already annoying the fuck out of me'
b'the day i do homework will be the day i love soap opera. never mind that lowkey entertaining.'
b'the day i stop waking up dead ass early to go to temple for doctors appointments will be the day. sleeping face'
b'the day just gets better and better...'
b"the day's not far when we would be measuring time in percentage of battery left in your phone."
b'that is wine not whatever wime is drinking'
b'the difference between pizza and your opinion is that i actually asked for pizza'
b'the difference between what you told me and the actual truth is just amazing.'
b'the doctor said i should be drinking more whiskey. also, i am calling myself " the doctor " now.'
b'the doctors are waking up and opening their eyes!'
b'the doctors office today. how fun'
b'the dudes do not be cheatin... it be the women cheatin and get caught so they kill or they want an insurance check smh smh'
b'the dude sitting behind me at the airport is blasting " proud to be an american " on his laptop... \'merica! heck yeah!'
b'the ear doctor is my favorite smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'the earth is dangerous, we need to go back to mars.'
b'the " earth " without " art " is just " eh ".'
b"the easiest time to add insult to injury is when you're signing somebody's cast."
b'the e! beauty added : \'what the doctors tell me is, " we do not have a crystal ball " \xe2\x80\x94 they love reiterating that to me. i am very optimistic'
b'are you guy joking? they both working in the same place. i am assuming they both make same wages! right?'
b'that will not change how you assholes calculate costs. oil always wins even if you have to lie'
b"the elephants upstairs are back at it again tonight, this time it's a screaming contest."
b'could you guys please upload some more videos coz i am done watching everything that says on youtube. please!'
b"voting is cool and all, but what about that girl with the fake boobs that everyone's talking about? and to be more specific..."
b'you take good care of your horses and protect them.'
b'the enemy of liberal capitalism today is not so much socialism as nihilism. -irving kristol'
b'the excitement is out of control right now. nothing like pissing off some feminists grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'the extra fifty grand was probably put in play for grande... cause you know its for charity...'
b'the face this fish pulled at the camera when i took a picture has literally made my life'
b'the fact i got all the classes i needed for next semester and still will not have class on fridays really made me jump for joy.'
b'the fact i just got home from work a lite bit ago and get to wake up and do it first thing in the morning again is just fab..'
b'the fact jazzlyn had to find out celeste has a bf through twitter acceptable'
b"the fact that i am only 15 and i am already losing sleep ovr homework and a paper. that's pathetic. i wanna go back 2when it was fun to learn"
b'the fact that i can turn my school alarm off for a whole week brings me so much joy smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'the fact that i did not go to sleep until 4:15 really makes me happy. smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'the fact that i just turned down a shift at work because i am stuck babysitting my siblings really making me sad'
b"the fact that my hamstring graft isn't hurting makes me excited for the day. might be a different story when i get out of bed."
b"the fact that my sister couldn't remember if i was turning 19 or 20 tomorrow... 18, tatie! i will be turning 18."
b'the fact that this man just cleaned my poo, he deserves a coffee on me. great way to start the morning'
b'the fact that we are stuck babysitting freshman are you kidding me?'
b'the fact that we do not have school next week makes me wanna cry with joy'
b'the fake laugh you do when you do not understand what somebody just said to you.'
b"the feeling of near death that i am getting from the stress and sleep deprivation of semester's end is kind of thrilling in a macabre way"
b'the feeling of not being good enough is amazing'
b"the feeling you get when you do not talk to someone that you're used to talking to everyday."
b'the fire alarm goes off and my breakfast becomes cold and soggy'
b'the fire ones piss me off so bad esp fire n sword bc if i get caught on a tombstone or rock i am dead thanks for nothing'
b'the first 5 days after the weekend are always the hardest.'
b'the first day i actually do not have homework!'
b"the first day i do not have homework or practice so what do i do, eat mcdonald's"
b'the first day of school everybody gonna be like " i missed you " i am gonna be like you ain\'t hit me up all summer swerve bitch.'
b'the first guy who made fire by rubbing two sticks together probably did a lot of other weird shit.'
b"the first rule of women's fight club is do not tell anyone what you're mad about or why you're fighting."
b'the following images are scottish independence'
b'agree please apologize to our men and woman putting their lives on the line while you poke funny funny'
b'the fraternity is blasting " yeah " at their social. this sone is truly timeless. name one other song that has stuck with our generation'
b'the fridge is a clear example that what really matters is what is inside.'
b'the friends that send you candy crush invites are the same ones that would taste something awful and demand that you taste it too!'
b'the funnest part of my spare is when my sister comes to see me!'
b'the giants of european football will be terrified of meeting liverpool'
b'the giraffe has the highest blood pressure of any animal.'
b'the girl at the store who rang up my purchases and took my money was checking me out.'
b'the girl i babysit said she cant wait to grow up so she can drink coffee i told her to just be thankful she still gets a designated nap time'
b'the girl who sits in front of me in geometry turned around and looked at me, said i was cute and complimented my eyebrows. i love people'
b'can not wait to call now we have all calmed down'
b'the good thing about listening to a new song is that it does not remind you of anyone.'
b'the government may force me to have health insurance but they can never force me to respect my body.'
b'the greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.'
b"the guy that's the voice of archer and bobs burgers looks nothing like his characters"
b'the guy who decided how to spell bologna was clearly in over his head.'
b'the guy who discovered milk... what was he doing with that cow?'
b'the harder you slam your weights down at the gym, the smaller your dick is.'
b'the hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.'
b'hey colin good show thanks for getting the massage out that beating your kids is not ok good parenting'
b"it's 2016 and ppl still have to make that statement. imagine 10 yrs from now when we're cleaning up other trump conspiracy theories"
b'it takes more guts to sit down then going with the crowd. actually. is the only one standing up, do not you see it?'
b'the history of roman literature is so interesting..'
b"the hobbit 2: we've still got a long way to walk"
b'the hot joanne sweet gets her asshole fucked twice'
b'the human body has 7 trillion nerves and some people manage to get on every single fucking one of them'
b'an english icon : now he will have an impact'
b'the ikwydls music video was so good + shawn with dripping wet hair is the hottest thing my eyes have ever seen'
b'the internet has made me so add. started off googling " how to replace a timing belt " ended up watching a video on how to milk a camel.'
b'the internet is a stalker. facebook asks what i am thinking. twitter asks what i am doing. foursquare asks where i am.'
b"the internet is like a someone you're in love with that refuses to hang up the phone before you"
b'the internet is more complex than the human brain, it may be possible that the internet itself is awake and conscious.'
b'their is very little one can do for lead poison. we owe the pukes nothing. their joy human!'
b'the joys of being a smoker. i get to sit in the cold unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b"the juice diet & i were supposed to start about a month ago is going pretty well i'd say."
b'good i am getting tired of being fabulous for the entire country all on my own.'
b'the key to ending racism is to promote love for all. not shift the hatred towards the other side.'
b'the key to happiness :1: order a pizza 2: eat that pizza 3: repeat'
b'the kid next door just challenged me to a water fight, so i decided to post this while i am waiting for the water to boil.'
b'the kids who put their tray in the wrong stack are way too cool for school.'
b"the klondike bar found out what i did for it, and now it's blackmailing me."
b'the ku football team may suck but the people sure do not thanks for letting us spend the weekend with ya russ! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"the lack of sleep is finally catching up to me and i've been siting at my desk for a half hour, not doing anything. sleeping face"
b'the land of the lost is quality television!'
b'the largest crowd of no voters under 20? they think they are winning'
b'you put up a good run face with tears of joy'
b"the last thing i want to do is hurt you. but it's still on the list."
b'the last two hours with an " woah amazing " teacher at school. i am gonna make it.'
b'the left over rain weather puffed my hair all up but my curls were cute while i was inside so i am happy'
b'the length of an essay should be like a womans mini-skirt. long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to keep it interesting.'
b'the less people you chill with, the less bullshit you deal with.'
b'the literature of disease is more interesting to me than all the healthy books. ~ t. e. lawrence'
b'the little baby elephants upstairs kept me up all night... so time to blast some music while getting ready for work smile'
b'the little mermaid is probably my favorite disney film about giving up everything you are in order to get a man to take care of you.'
b'the longest five seconds in anyone\'s life is waiting to press the " skip ad " button on youtube.'
b"i'll try to have fun while having blood being taken from my body!"
b'the lovely smell of marijuana in the morning... just great. i love kcc. why do people come to school high?'
b'the main reason i wanna be famous is so that i can be friends with other famous people'
b'the main thing i look forward to in life is raising dogs w/ someone i love'
b'the man that tells the truth to the girl he loves ends up lying to his wife.'
b"what's wrong with you people? what's so attractive about a fat, sweaty man with one leg and pubes for hair?!"
b'the miami heat playing the san antonio spurs is the only way i could ever root for anything from texas.'
b"the mini heart attack when you're in bed half asleep and you suddenly feel like you're falling."
b'the mirror store is calm and peaceful. i come here to reflect.'
b'white smiling face " : i cant again tonight. home already... will go whenever i get the time to again! enjoy my dearr. :-p "'
b"them niggas can be disrespecting women ass a whole, especially black women & y'all dumb hoes think it's cute.. y'all disgust me."
b'the moment of pure panic when accidentally activating siri in a quiet place'
b'the moment when a teacher tells me i shouldnt do any homework because band is all that matters'
b'the moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone is the moment to walk away.'
b'the more alcohol i drink, the more water there is left for the rest of humanity. do not all thank me at once. i am just doing my part'
b'the more i talk, the more i understand why i am single.'
b'the more you know... via'
b'the most amazing thing about the internet is how it allows you, with the click of a few buttons, to do absolutely nothing with your life'
b'the most frightening thing about nightmares is realizing that they were created by your mind.'
b'the most irritating thing is to come home and it have no food angry face'
b'the most powerful i ever feel is waving pedestrians to walk in front of my car. " go forth, and trust that i will not kill you. "'
b"you dont deserve it & those people just want to cause you pain, never give in. you kill 'em with kindness, karma will do the rest. heavy black heart"
b'the music at the rek though'
b': today was such an amazing day! " wow not even lunch? expressionless face'
b'the national weather service has upgraded the southeast michigan from a winter storm watch to a winter storm'
b'the neighbor is blasting yeah by usher omg'
b"the neighbour's barking dog is my alarm clock... one problem... i do not want to wake up yet. thank you unamused face"
b'the new james bond movie was good grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'the next time someone asks me what i am doing, i am gonna reply " i am breathing 2 stay alive how about u? "'
b'the next time the creepy guy at the bar asks you " why aren\'t you smiling? " simply reply, " i do not smile while i fart. "'
b"the next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water."
b'then homework..'
b'thenichegamer : please rt! this is an open call to to msg us or archon to speak out on'
b'then i come home to this crap. setting off the alarm unless i stay confined in my room! no food. no laptop cable. what now?!'
b"the night we couldn't quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could dance"
b"then it's supposed to rain all this weekend"
b'the noise of roadwork is so peaceful while i am trying to sleep'
b'the number of " followers or likes on your post " you have does not make you better than anyone else...'
b'the number of " followers " you have does not make you better than anyone else. hitler had millions, jesus had 12.'
b'the number of times i think " i do not care " while people are talking to me is really getting out of hand'
b'the older i get, the more i come to realize that i just do not care what the hell anyone thinks anymore.'
b'the older i get the more picky i become about who i allow to come close to me. i am nice & all but i only claim few people as friends.'
b'the older i get, the sicker my sense of humour and search history gets.'
b'the one day i come home from college is the one day we have no food in the house unamused face'
b'the one day i go to college, all teachers decide its best to take an off. wtf man. at this rate my attendance would be so fineee'
b'the one day i have no homework, i can not fall asleep.. makes sense.'
b"the one day i really need you you aren't there"
b'the one good thing that comes out of losing my wallet is i can not spend any money. cheers to payday...'
b'the only 3 certainties in life are death, taxes and if i win the powerball jackpot tonight, the video of me quitting my job will go viral.'
b'the only adventure i got in my life was while finding the ball from the garden around during gali cricket.'
b"the only beauty that lasts comes from a gentle soul and loving heart, a pretty face and attractive body 3 *music *'"
b'the only break i will get from constantly doing homework this weekend will be going to work... unamused face awesome.'
b'the only " b " word you should ever call a girl is beautiful. bitches love being called beautiful.'
b'the only cinco i want this mayo is on my ap exams'
b'the only con of stanning a korean boy group is that you have to wait several years to wait for each of the members to finish their service.'
b"the only cool thing about being up early on sunday's is the farmers market. i fucking love this shit!"
b'the only correct answer to " are you ticklish? " is " i will kill you. "'
b'the only excuse for the kinds of storms that have been happening lately is that someone somewhere is losing a game of jumanji.'
b'the only exercise i will be doing to day is stepping over boundaries'
b'the only exercise this month ive done is running out of money'
b'the only good thing about my day is that i learned you can order your wings " wet " from buffalo wild wings'
b'the only good thing about my schedule for next semester is no classes on fridays'
b'the only government agency that listens to you is the nsa.'
b'the only " hot action " going on in my bedroom is my laptop burning my skin'
b': yo does give out free coffee after an eagles win too? "'
b'the only people who call me cute live 7000 miles away'
b'the only people who do not click " skip " on ads before youtube videos are people who died during that ad.'
b"the only phone number i have memorized is my childhood friend's parent's so hopefully they're helpful if i am ever in a jam."
b'the only problem with the internet is that you do not know if what you\'re reading is true or not " - william shakespeare.'
b"the only reason i keep people's phone numbers in my phone is to avoid their calls"
b"the only reason i am getting up right now is for bre, she's so lucky i love her"
b'the only reason they make yellow starbursts are for when someone asks you for one.'
b'the only reason to have a second kid is if your first one does not get a lot of likes on facebook.'
b'the only thing faster than the speed of light is the speed in which i spend my money.'
b'the only thing i give a fuck about, is making sure everyone knows i do not give a fuck'
b'the only thing i hate about having a phone is when people call.'
b"the only thing i hate more then people who are in my way is people who can not decide whether or not they're going to be in my way."
b'the only thing i have learned so far in this company meeting is that this room has 37 ceiling tiles and 24 fluorescent bulbs.'
b"the only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock at 6am is the fact that it's my cellphone."
b'the only thing that i can turn on is my laptop'
b'the only thing that needs to turn up right now are my grades'
b'the only thing that shows up on my timeline is every single thing about love bullshit. helpful.'
b'the only thing worse than awkward silence, is when that silence is broken by an awkward " soooo anyways. "'
b'the only thing worse than having it rain after you wash your car is have to poop as soon as you get out of the shower.'
b'the only time chemistry is fun'
b'the only time i put my phone down is when it rings'
b"the only time i want to hear about your baby is when you tell me it ain't mine."
b'the only time somebody should be looking down on you is when they are on top of you.'
b'the only toys i was allowed to play with in the tub were the dirty dishes.'
b"the only way i know if i've bought enough beer is if my car thinks i have a passenger"
b'the other day i was walking i am the rain no makeup hair not done and the dude beside me said " i hope you know i think your really pretty " smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'haha. i turned text notifications off a long time ago. does a world of good'
b"the past two hours i've sat in a senior class being instructed what color is and how to open indesign. i feel so enlightened."
b'the people at health services are just so happy and friendly when checking students in.'
b'the people i babysit for, this looks like their garage can not wait to see little leo tonight!'
b'the people who live upstairs must be a family of elephants judging by their loud and incessant stomping.'
b"the people who use those location apps are never the people anyone's looking for."
b'the perfect end to a perfect week... the space bar has failed on my laptop'
b"the person who lives upstairs is silent all day and as soon as i am about to sleep every night without fail it's like a heard of elephants unamused face confounded face"
b"the pharmacist asked me my birthday again today. pretty sure she's going to get me something."
b'the phrase " use of the jerk-off motion is prohibited " has been added to our hr manual because of me. it\'s like winning an award.'
b'the pizza guy rang the doorbell and my brother started cleaning his room " oh god he can see how messy my room is "'
b'the plus side to having roommates is they eat all of your food. must be nice not starving like i am on this fine morning.'
b'the pool is closed'
b'the problem is i dont care but when i do care i care too fucking much'
b'the problem with rich people is that i am not one'
b'the problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts and the stupid ones are full of confidence.'
b"the purpose tour is the tour i was super fucking excited about going to, but he's not even coming to new orleans loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face i am hurting"
b'the quiet study is the place to get it on! uhh yeah!'
b'the rain better piss off! hate cycling to work in it.'
b'the rain gave my hair natural beach wave curls'
b'the rain is gonna kill my hair and today'
b'the rain makes my hair crinkly, ya know'
b'the rain played my hair today \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x98\xa3 face with tears of joy'
b'the rain really did my hair dirty n i got a performance tomorrow. expressionless face'
b"i can not wait, thank goodness i am off cause if i wasn't i would have had to call in sick! lol cough cough \xf0\x9f\x98\xb7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa5"
b'there aint nothing like some pumpkin pie and whip cream'
b"the real 5 second rule? if you can get to it before the dog, it's yours."
b'the real apocalypse will start when a girl will publicly say, " i was wrong. "'
b'just think of all the fun things we can make after you master chemistry'
b'yeah, i can not lie and say that i have not done it, too. really, the whole thing is really interesting to look at.'
b'and they want you to feel terrible about buying from grey markets like your robbing players'
b'the real struggle is wanting to buy everyone christmas gifts and having no money'
b'there are 10 year olds with the iphone 5 and my parents wont even buy me mcdonalds'
b'there are 2 kinds of people i can not stand : nosy people, and people who will not tell me what in the hell is going on.'
b'there are 2 types of people in this world, those who press " door close " in the elevator before others can jump on & those who are liars'
b'there are 364 days till christmas and people already have their christmas lights up unbelievable'
b'there are 3 good things in life, best friends, drunk nights, and drunk nights with best friends.'
b'there are always problems to face, but it makes a difference if our minds are calm.'
b'there are cheaper ways to get people to call you an asshole than buying affliction shirts.'
b'there are literally like three people in the world who i can hang out with for more than four hours without wanting to strangle them'
b'there are mean parents & then there are parents who turn off the wifi at night.'
b'there are no sour patch adults because we keep eating their kids.'
b'there are over 10 different flavors of ramen noodles, yet they all taste like poverty and loneliness.'
b'there are people you have not met yet who will love you and the thought of that just makes me happy.'
b'there are teenagers having unprotected sex, but have cases on their cell phones. just let that sink in for a moment'
b'there are three things that you can never hide. a loud sneeze, a hole in a sock, and one\'s love for someone! "'
b"there are too many people who could ruin my life by posting a screenshot of a text conversation we've had."
b"there are two kinds of people in the world - those i'd catch during a trust fall and those i wouldn't."
b'there are two types of people in the world - 1) " hey there! i am using whatsapp " 2) those who actually use whatsapp'
b'there are two types of people in the world :1. people who understand and appreciate sarcasm. 2. idiots.'
b'there are two types of people in this world. and i hate them.'
b'there are two types of people in this world and it is easily determined by what they do when an ice cube falls on the floor.'
b'the reason i can go on with life everyday!'
b"the reason i cover my mouth when i yawn has nothing to do with good manners. it's to stop ghosts from putting their gross dicks in my mouth."
b'the reason your eyes water when you yawn is because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.'
b'there comes a point during checkout when the gift bag, tissue, ribbon & card all exceed 12 bucks, & i decide that is your gift.'
b"'there ' instead of'their ' works but smile instead of smile messes up the whole convo."
b"there is a 100% chance that i've called some of the most wonderful people in the world the most horrible things imaginable while in traffic"
b'there is a huge difference between a hot girl and a girl wearing lesser clothes.'
b'there is always one person you just want to punch in the face... repeatedly.'
b'there is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy.'
b'there is a rare disorder known as " sexsomnia ", where people attempt to have sex in their sleep.'
b"there is a special place in hell for people who are not ready to order when it's their turn."
b'there is a thin line between being sassy and being an asshole and i cross it everyday'
b'there is a time and place for being immature & dumb. the time is now and the place is up your butt, round a corner. that was a double dare.'
b"there is no gun problem at those numbers, it's simply a political talking point to avoid the real problems"
b'there is nothing in our constitution that protects you from being offended by the truth.'
b'there is nothing like being snuggled up in the arms of the one you love'
b'there is nothing like the feeling of coming full circle again.'
b'there is nothing rarer and more beautiful than liking every song on an album'
b"there is no way i would refuse macdonald's fries even if i am glutted with food raised hand"
b"there is no way siri could be a woman, she only speaks when she's spoken to."
b"there is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. if you aren't ok with you, there is an issue."
b'there is quite literally a long list of people i really just want to kill'
b"there is so much shit built up inside that it's just going to burst like a balloon, full of hate and anguish."
b'there is very little that i despise more than than cycling in the rain. \xf0\x9f\x9a\xb2\xf0\x9f\x8c\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\x96'
b"there's a bald spot in my yard so i am gonna let the grass around it grow really long and then do a comb-over."
b"there's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in doritos."
b'there\'s a little truth behind every " just kidding ", a little knowledge behind every " i do not know " and a little pain behind every " it\'s ok "'
b'theres always a lil bit of seriousness that comes along with my sarcasm'
b'theres always gonna be ups and downs in a relationship and silly arguments, but when you love someone you sort that shit out \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x92\x8d heavy black heart'
b"there's always got be that one person!"
b"there's always that one person that makes you want to raise your middle finger every time they speak to you."
b"there's a power outage in my street expressionless face right in the middle of me doing my homework"
b"there's a reason why he's a fan favorite ladies and gents and this is it..."
b'there\'s a reason why " sober " and " so bored " sound almost exactly the same'
b'there\'s a " send ", there\'s a " resend ", but why can not there be an " unsend "!?!?'
b'there\'s a serial killer in our house! normal people : " shit! call the police! let\'s get outta here! " in a movie : " let\'s go find him "'
b"there's a special place in hell for people that make you get ready & then do not respond to your texts & calls when you're done."
b"there's a special place in hell for people who do not flush public toilets."
b'there\'s " hell " in hello, " good " in goodbye, " lie " in believe, " over " in lover, " end " in friend, " ex " in " next " and " if " in life.'
b'there should be an \'lol \' type acronym for " i am not laughing but i acknowledge you were trying to be funny. "'
b'there should be a website for single people where they meet miserable couples & feel good about being single'
b"there should make a tornado shelter in the dallas cowboy's stadium.. no chance of a touch down there"
b'there sits the great moron... sitting at his desk doing nothing. good thing he has no chance of winning.'
b"there's just something so great about being home doing nothing."
b"there's literally no food in my house & my mom wonders why i always buy food before i come home unamused face"
b"there's literally nothing to eat in my house but cheese burger hot pockets.. mmm how gourmet."
b"there's no better feeling than being wrapped in your significant others arms, with your head laying on their chest"
b"theres no gun problem in the us. gun crime has gone down as we've bought more guns. we have a legal prescription drug problem"
b"there's no gun problem in this country"
b"there's no logical reason for shorts to be the same price as pants"
b"there's no sense in being kind if you only intend to use it to kill ; kindness is not a weapon, it's meant to help us heal."
b"there's nothing better than a nap after a good nights sleep."
b"there's nothing better than finding someone who sings in the car with you & has you laughing all the time"
b"there's nothing better than the smell of smoke in the air \xf0\x9f\x98\x90\xf0\x9f\x98\x90"
b"there's nothing i love more than starting the working week with me being wide awake at 3:42am on monday morning"
b"there's nothing i love more when i am doing work at my carrel than 1l research classes right behind me."
b"there's nothing like a fuel spill to make my morning commute even better."
b"there's nothing like getting caught in a shower during your lunch break. enjoy!"
b"there's nothing like that walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the bin."
b"there's nothing like us, there's nothing like you and me"
b"there's nothing like waiting the day before semi to get your dress grinning face with smiling eyes"
b"there's nothing much to do for school so i will be on twitter tonight voting good skhsksjs"
b'theres nothing worse than feeling like you annoy someone you really care about'
b"there's nothing worse than getting told you're bad at the only thing you're good at."
b"there's not much more gratifying than seeing a chick who thinks she's super hot trip on her high heels."
b"there's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far."
b"there's no worse feeling than thinking you did great on an exam... and actually making a 60 loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"there's only one person i'd skip class for. can not wait to hopefully see you tomorrow \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'there\'s plenty of time... " smile'
b"there's something but do not want to get caught in it"
b'the restaurant biz : where you can make anywhere from -$150 a night. gotta love the inconsistency.'
b'there\'s this app on my phone that makes you look fat. it\'s called " camera ".'
b"there's this extremely bitchy chick on the new season of ink master that is exactly like oomf"
b"there's truly nothing interesting in modern literature. in their strenuous attempts to be different they end up being much the same."
b"there's truly nothing like meeting viewers while i am back home. so much genuine kindness and love. the most refreshing thing to be around"
b'there was a time when love started with friendship, now it is considered as friend zone.'
b'there was just a spider on me.'
b"there will be 10 seconds left of a song and i'll change it anyways because i just can not wait any longer"
b'there will be some playing at in the museum. fun exhibit built around chemistry set collection.'
b"there would be a fire alarm when it's raining and i straightened my hair"
b'i am you are biggest fan from india... i watched most of you are movie... and you are return in wrestlemani... can you pls say me a hai??'
b'keep up the good work man you are an idol for sure'
b'upstairs \xf0\x9f\x98\x82. legit sound like elephants are running'
b"the room is hot and it's late afternoon on a friday afternoon and i can smell cleaning products and my head feels fuzzy."
b'the russian meteor could still turn out to be a transformer.'
b'the saddest things in the world : -people forgotten on their birthdays-old people eating alone-animals left behind by their humans'
b'the sad moment when you return to your ordinary life after watching an awesome movie.'
b'the same ones who you thought was lame back then seem like the same ones determining whether you the job or crazy huh flushed face lol'
b'the scariest part of a relationship is the fact that you might not be good enough at any moment'
b'the scar on my bottom lip has never pissed me off more than it has today. shit is annoying. so soft. so supple.'
b"the school board's wisest budget cut has to be the one that includes new macbook's for faculty members"
b'i work at my local barnes and noble and i would love to read carval! the premise sounds amazng'
b'these 5 doctors get behind this sheet to pull off a hilarious performance you have to see'
b'these are the levels you can never allow arguments with someone you love to go to'
b'the secret to a life without care is to not give a fuck what anybody says or thinks about you'
b'the secret to be happy in life is to not give a fuck about what people think about you'
b'these dudes in my class were arguing if lebron or curry were the best in the nba i think this says it all'
b'these field goals are super cool'
b'these guys in algebra rn are trying to out best eachother in a piano app wth'
b'these nba refs be built as hell. they work out with the players or something? they have their own weight room or some shit?'
b'these next few months are gonna suck not playing every weekend confused face'
b'these people are arguing over who can say " yaaaaaa baby " the best outside my window face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'these people smell amazing on this bus?'
b'these pictures are of future teacher me and future free-spirit me'
b'these scrubs fit so good. expressionless face'
b'the shoulder belt retractor suddenly locked up this morning and now everyone in my car pool knows my safe word.'
b"the sight of naked cleavage reduces a man's ability to reason by 50%... per boob."
b'the smell of freshly washed dick'
b'the sneeze i love this'
b"the snooze button, because there's nothing like starting your day off with a little procrastination."
b'the sound of children laughing makes me happy. unless i am home alone and my power goes out.'
b'the speed in which a woman says " nothing " when asked " what\'s wrong " is inversely proportional to the severity of the b*tchfit that\'s coming.'
b'the spotify " top tracks near you " list lets me know i will not be hanging out with anyone in my zip code... like ever.'
b"here's a guy who puts his money where his mouth is"
b"the statement 'hey! calm down! ' has a zero to no success rate of getting someone to calm down"
b"the stupid fire alarm went off again today like no like that's 3 days on the run now! and it went off when it was raining so heavy and we"
b"fuck off you utter sack of bullshit... stick your crap up your i do not know what party i'll support scum sucking ass"
b'i wonder if they would have put her in the paper if she was 5 pounds over weight and had a few wrinkles'
b'in my country'
b"the sun shouldn't be allowed to come out until after your hangover."
b"thats why its hidden but tor browsers very slow and you need to know where to look, apparently. it's run by the shadow figures."
b"why do you guys always post the same story about 50 times everyday? desperation at it's finest."
b'the sweatshirts trisha got us are so cute like i am so excited to wake up tomorrow so i can wear it face with tears of joy'
b"the sweetest things you can do for a girl are the little things that let her know she's in your heart and on your mind."
b'the tag on a curling iron reads " for external use only ". now what sick bastard made that necessary?!'
b"the theme song from'mission impossible ' always plays in my head when i am trying to leave a one night stand without waking them up."
b'the theory " if you want something done right, do it yourself " did not pan out too well with my last surgery.'
b"the thing about jerks is that any joy they derive from being jerks isn't pure & light. it it is actually negative joy (poison ) so they lose."
b'the time i have spent watching netflix has exceeded my longest relationship.'
b'wow, after convicted chelsea said she understood why... do the crime expect the time, no matter how well intended'
b'the titanic is a great lesson of why just the tip can get you in a lot of trouble.'
b'the tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell their body parts for money'
b'the train life starts again next week. looking forward to it!'
b"the trick is to not let people know how really weird you are until it's too late for them to back out."
b'the trick to farting in an elevator is wearing a suit. no one ever suspects the guy in the suit.'
b'the true secret to happiness is to not give a fuck'
b'the two major causes of depression are : a ) having a job, and b ) not having a job.'
b'the two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.'
b'the type of snakes i hate the most are the ones in human form.'
b'the ugliness of your heart will always shift to your face.'
b'the upstairs elephants are home.'
b'*night* i am a brain, sleep brain : i think about the great me : shut up brain : is there knees penguins?'
b"the wait is almost over. spend time in the lab before tonight's all-new episode of"
b'the walking dead reminds you that other people would still be your biggest problem even if most of them died.'
b'the walk of shame when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no'
b'the way americans view the kardashians is the way the rest of the world views america.'
b'the way i kill em with kindness... all of you are dead to me!'
b"the weather's gonna be gorgeous when intramural starts"
b'the weekend buses can suck my ass'
b'i swear you could make nothing but garbage and i would still be obsessed with that shit'
b'the weirdest thing just happened. i was cycling to uni in pouring rain in the darkness and suddenly the feeling of christmas came to me!'
b'the " wet dog " look honestly makes me look so good. thank you rain for bringing this new style upon me. unamused face'
b'the whole wheat biscuits and whole wheat rice krispies are to die for tho. face with medical mask'
b'the wizard of oz is really just a cautionary tale about the lengths a woman will go to for the right shoes.'
b'the woman who invented the phrase, " all guys are the same. " was a chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in china.'
b'the woodrow wilson was kinda a wet noodle schmuck school of foreign and international affairs.'
b'the word " fuck " goes with anything.'
b'the working title for " love " was " art movie jizz in 3d ".'
b'*the world is big, & i want to take a good look at it before it gets dark* {john muir } sparkles'
b'the world is full of people who just need to hug a cactus.'
b"the world is improving in the field of technology day by day and i am here still trying to dance on 'its magic ' of hrithik roshan."
b'the worlds favorite disappointment'
b'the world was my oyster. then i found out i was allergic to shellfish.'
b'the world would be a happier place if people realize its okay to be sad.'
b"the worst feeling in the world is being in love with somebody that knows how to untie rope and run away while you're napping."
b'the worst feeling is when you find out you did not mean as much to someone as you thought you did and you look stupid for caring too much.'
b'the worst feeling is when you tell someone something serious and they dont believe you... tired face'
b'the worst part about taking naps is you expect to wake up afterwards feeling well-rested but instead you feel like you died'
b'the worst part of a half hour go train delay is i am awake now, and will not sleep on the train'
b'the worst part of being an insomniac is having to eat spiders while i am awake to maintain my yearly average.'
b'the worst part of summer is when the back to school commercials come on'
b'the worst thing about food poisoning is that you probably paid for it.'
b'the worst thing about that guy who posts non-stop gym updates is that all that exercise is gonna make him live longer.'
b'the worst thing after waking up? everything until i go to bed again.'
b'the worst thing is the day after the concert and you look at the time and think " at this moment yesterday i was having the time of my life "'
b'the worst thing that can happen when you invite someone over to " watch a movie " is actually watching a movie.'
b'the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.'
b'the writing lab office is always 10 degrees colder than the rest of the building. which. tonight, is very cold indeed.'
b'they alarm clock set though! thank you brother i miss you'
b'they are & have formed grp to bring him down. that\'s why he\'s now threatening 3d pty unless they\'re " nice to him. "'
b'they are so fucking hot yall this person is beautiful and they are also so educated and woke im so in love'
b'they are things i am very passionate about and i love that i have friends who are willing to listen and respect my arguments and opinions.'
b'they ask 18 year olds to make huge decisions about their career & financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom'
b"they ask us to keep patience and we can not hold a 'pulse ' in our mouth without biting it."
b'they been glorifying this shit for too many seasons like it was gon work shit never gon work that was built on a lie'
b'they be going tit for tat hoping you go tell them some shit raised hand'
b'they be like " delete my number " i be like... \xe2\x99\x95 keep calm it was never saved'
b'they call me macklemore in math class because im like what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what'
b'they call me the fireman because i turn on the hoes'
b'they cancelled jersey shore? wow, what am i going to do now?'
b"they changed the name to 'facebook ' because'stalk my ex ' seemed a little too creepy."
b'they do not have an argument so just label people and insult them, hoping if they say it enough people will believe it.'
b'the year is 2060. iphone 842 is released. the screen touches you'
b'the year youth culture exploded'
b'they expect me to save my pocket money, when i can not even save a relationship.'
b'they gave a music album for free and do you want to return it? shame on you... xp'
b'they hurt you and then they act like you hurt them'
b"confounded face weary face weary face they locked up the two female dogs in the kennel and they're in there dry humping each other face with tears of joy unamused face face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'they look so good in white im wet'
b'they made pills to improve memory like those patients gonna remember to take them.'
b'they must send these guys to some high quality acting schools'
b'they need a carfax but for vaginas. " i have only been with 2 guys " yeah right show me the whorefax'
b'they playing waiting to exhale & a thin line between love & hate.. must be bitter thursday'
b"they're arguing about who's the best"
b'they\'re not " used cars " anymore, they\'re " pre -owned " i suggest " divorce " be changed to " pre -loved. "'
b"they're so cute together"
b'they said the world is going to end this year... pssh they can barely predict the weather.'
b'they say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk... we all know who that is... george bush. no one can dunk the economy like he did'
b"they say a problem shared is a problem halved. not if it's aids."
b"they say milk gives you strength. drink three glasses and try moving a wall. you can't. drink three shots of vodka and it moves all by itself"
b'they say that money can not buy you happiness, but being broke buys you nothing'
b"they say that money isn't the key to happiness. if i had lots of money, i'd have the key made."
b'they say the best things in life are freeis food freeis internet freeguess not'
b"they say the more you drink the higher your tolerance is, but that's bullshit because my friend's an alcoholic & he still hates gays."
b"they say you shouldn't go to bed upset... lol oh well smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b"they say we learn from our mistakes. that's why i am making as many as possible, i'll soon be a genius!"
b"they say you can tell a lot about a man's personality by the car he drives... i do not have a car"
b'they should invent wifi bracelets, so you can wear them anywhere and have wifi connection.'
b"they should name hurricanes with black people names. i'd be terrified of hurricane shanaynay."
b"they should put prizes in tampon boxes, be like yeah your period sucks but here's 50% off of some icecream."
b'they should really replace, " i now pronounce you man and wife " with " finish him! " (mortal combat music blasting )'
b'they should turn off netflix at 1:00am for people with jobs and no willpower... bastards'
b'they way people show love make me wanna be left alone'
b'they were going to make headphones just for women but the name dre beats women did not sound good.'
b'things are getting pretty serious between us. we have not laughed in months.'
b'things i do not own enough of \xe2\x80\xa2 lingerie \xe2\x80\xa2 candles \xe2\x80\xa2 make up \xe2\x80\xa2 other useless things that will get me nowhere in life but i want them'
b'things i hate :1. waking up early 2. 1'
b'things i have not learned in high school : how to : pay bills buy a house apply for college but thank god i can graph a polynomial function'
b'things i have time for : - netflix - cute animals - hot showers things i do not have time for : - your bullshit - school'
b'things i miss about my childhood : heavy check mark no problems heavy check mark no hates heavy check mark no shames heavy check mark no stress heavy check mark no heartbreaks heavy check mark no school heavy check mark life was easier'
b'things i need right now :1. money 2. better grades chart with upwards trend 3. more money'
b'things that annoy me :1 people 2 slow wifi 3 homework 4. school 5 drama 6. school 7 low battery 8 school 9 and you know.. school'
b'things that annoy me-feelings -people -basically everything i do not know why i started making a list'
b'things that are enjoyable :\xe2\x80\xa2 showersthings that are not enjoyable :\xe2\x80\xa2 getting in the shower \xe2\x80\xa2 getting out of the shower'
b'things that get me in like the first 30 seconds : attractive voices jaws doing the thing a + dressing sense smelling good'
b'things that will always sound sarcastic : - good for you - thanks a lot - yeah right - nice to know - wow way to go - totally - ok buddy'
b'things will work out. things will work out. things will work out. things will work out. things will work out.'
b'things you need to be a dentist in england : 1. a hammer.'
b"thing to know : bno. boys night out. 'cause boys they wanna have fun via"
b"think about how much more stressful life's most stressful moments would be if accompanied by the running-out -of -time music in mario bros."
b'think about that too lmao, there is nothing like gushing to a cat :'
b'think about what last call would look like if walmart had a bar'
b'think i finally have a favorite asian rice recipe! after working at little india i fell in love with basmati.'
b'think i followed ikea instructions on how to live my life because i missed a few key steps but somehow i am holding it together'
b'thinkin bout you by frank ocean came on my pandora and wow i can still hit that high note smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'thinking about waking up early for a run. mostly thinking about how i will not be doing that.'
b'think i should have become a barber instead of a infantry soldier.'
b'think of a number between 1 and 10. add your area code. subtract your age. add some common sense. what are you even doing with your life?'
b'think of being on the beach with a hammock in the cool night breeze with a cup of the banoffee de leche just in a cup a nutted donut.'
b'third wheeling so hard'
b"thirsty thursday's make going to a friday morning class so much better"
b'this 100. 9 fever is really making me feel like a super star today..'
b'this 8:20 friday class is gonna be grrreat!'
b'this album is really just live. like every song smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'this album sounds nothing like 21 thus far'
b"this bar does not know it yet, but it's about to be karaoke night."
b'this bar exam is great'
b'this bartender does not know it yet, but she is probably going to make me 36 hours late for work tomorrow.'
b"this beauty came in from first sticker i've ever sported"
b'this been a shitty sports weekend. dale finished 40th, browns did not play but we still suck and ohio state lost smh'
b'this being an adult thing really gets in the way of me living my life.'
b"this bitch said let's be friends"
b'this bitch sinclair is psycho and rude, i am glad they got this hoe out the paint'
b'this bottle of whiskey and i are gonna need a safe word tonight.'
b"this calc teacher def knows what he's doing"
b'this car has a sticker that says i think therefore i am vegan and also has zebra print car seat covers'
b'this chick on instagram posts so many pictures of her boyfriend i feel like i am dating him.'
b'this class is so intriguing'
b'this cold mist on my legs sure feels nice!'
b'this couple in the restaurant are kissing so hard and basically dry humping, stop'
b'this course just told me that papers should be in black ink and it told me what a title is. i am so glad this course is required.'
b'this day has just started off so great!'
b'this day just gets better and better!'
b'this day keeps getting better.. can not log on to do my test, teacher does not respond, take a bubble bath and i breakout from it...'
b'this day off of school tomorrow to do the thing i love is so blessed \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xe2\x9a\xbd\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"this day off was nice now it's back to working a month straight"
b'this day was great'
b"this disgusting bitch! ugh im so glad she's dead"
b'this dude tweeted " i can not wait until 13/13/13 " somebody pray for this dumbass.'
b'this emoji " man with turban " is actually a black girl on facetime at night face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc\xf0\x9f\x91\xbc this emoji says it all. your an angel face with tears of joy lol but you make me laugh all the time and you do make my day sometimes ha'
b'this might be a great fit for you : test process and equipment engineer -'
b"this entire time i thought that juice was the guy's name i never even considered it was a nickname i was like oh yeah mr juice smith"
b'this feels so nice rn.'
b"this fine ass 23 yrs young boy was trying to holla last night but i am like i know this ain't gonna work"
b'this fucking chemistry class ruins everything fun. can not wait to be done with this useless class. \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0'
b'this game is a 3 and out away from being shut off. im fucking miserable 45 + hours a week, not trying to make my weekend suck too'
b'this gave me enough strenght to survive school & i hope same to you'
b'this girl has been on the phone since 5:30. not once have i heard laughter. i am guessing she runs multiple businesses'
b'this girl just tweeted " what\'s obama\'s last name? " i almost broke my whole thumb trying to unfollow her'
b'this girl said " ew " when i passed by. that did not make me sad at all.'
b'this girl tweeted " brb gonna take a shower ", 2 minutes later she says " i am back "... hoe get yo nasty ass back in that shower!'
b"this girl was literally my 2nd half all season, & it's going to suck not seeing her every weekend loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b'this guy at the gym just did 3 sets of selfies.'
b'this guy in my anthropology class tried being rude to me and i literally just ignored him because he looks like peter griffin.'
b'this guy is wearing a hoodie that has pokemon ears and designs on it right across from me... guess college makes that " okay "'
b"this guy left work for cataract removal. since he's japanese, i do not know if he needs eye surgery or his escalade towed."
b'this guy literally smells like he rolled around in a pile of weed and walked into class'
b'this guy tailgating me is going to be really surprised when he finds out i have this condition where i just randomly slam on my brakes.'
b'this has been a great fucking day.'
b'this hospital is making crazy cause ive been cleaning this damn room like 4 times in a row already all in one hour smfh'
b'this is absolutely, without a doubt, the perfect time to get sick relieved face'
b'this is a great day unamused face'
b'this is a great video for classes and children will love this.'
b'this is annoying. it does not even love me this argument'
b"you're cool"
b'chemistry is fun! beats microbiology ill tell you that'
b'this is exactly how i wanted my night to be.'
b'this is exactly what i needed to start my day. anybody know any flowood cops?'
b'this is exactly what i need, to be getting sick when i have so much to do. disappointed face'
b'this is fun unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'this is how i feel every day'
b'this is how i feel losing my xbox one a nerd'
b'this is how i am feeling this morning! how about you? ( )'
b'this is how i see yellow lights when i am debating if i should stop or gas it'
b'this is how motivated i am at the gym right now'
b'this is how my hair looked before the rain happened and i had no umbrella'
b"this is incredible. thaksin was president less than 5 years ago and they're already editing him out of history"
b'this is just a great day!'
b'this is just awesome!'
b'this is just getting way to fucking frustrating. it always fucking second half. is this season over yet. i am done.'
b'this is just what i needed. expressionless face unamused face'
b'this is literally the first day i have not stayed up till 2 or 3 doing homework or studying.'
b"this is nice ', i whisper as i put my arm around the stranger sitting next to me at the cinema."
b'lol i am gonna chill let the gf take over. ha'
b'this is one of my favorite tv performances. last night on ---'
b'this is quite an interesting peice of literature, if i do say so myself!'
b'this is so exciting'
b'this is so true! how do we balance what we know to be great learning vs. test prep.?'
b'this is so typical that it hurts'
b'this is the first day all school year where i do not have homework weary face'
b'this is the first day i have no homework for ap'
b'this is the first day i have not had homework and i love it'
b'this is the first day in ages av not had homework to do after school'
b'this is the first day of the whole year that i have not had homework loudly crying face loudly crying face smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"this is the first night since the first day of school that i ' have no homework for"
b"this is the first relationship i've had and i'd appreciate it if every1 would get off my back and let me ignore my boyfriend once in a while"
b'this is the first time i have not had homework all year. i even had homework the first day of school.'
b'this is the first time since the first day of school that i have finished my homework before midnight and idk what to do with myself'
b"this is the greatest fucking day ever and i've only been at work for 2 hoursssss"
b'this is the last section of college algebra " this has to be the best thing i\'ve heard all day.'
b'this is the only comment you should be leaving on porn sites : " why are you doing this? please come home. your mother and i are heartbroken.'
b'this is the only way i know how to correctly use a semi-colon smile'
b'this is the time to be around your family. the ppls who you love the most. but i swear i just wanna be left alone for a while'
b'this is what we waiting for tomiho a love realiserye na'
b'this is why i lose faith in humanity'
b'this is why i never even attempt to sleep before 1am'
b"this just in : it's been a whole 30 mins since an nfl player was indicted or arrested for something awful. for long"
b'this kid infront of me is going to get a solid sucky bomb to his head if he keeps singing spicer girls'
b'this kid in front of me very literally just shit his pants in my lecture'
b'this lab is so fun! i cant wait to see how it turns out!, i can not wait to take it home and play with it! good'
b'this looks some good dark comedy!'
b'face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy this made my morning'
b'this month got me fucked up not physically but emotionally thanks to adele'
b'this new ios better be good, i literally had to delete everything off my phone'
b'this nigga tried to hit this girl with the " let me eat you out " line hoping he was gonna fuck.. she got the head & sent his ass home face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'this night has been pretty great so far.'
b'this one class better go by quick because i am feeling like heaven today.'
b'this one time i finished all of my homework and it was awesome..'
b"this party better make me not give a fuck about losing sleep for my 8 o 'clock class unamused face"
b'this patient just yelled out " i just sharted everywhere! " and continued to sing a country song face with tears of joy love the er'
b'this physics test is a great way to go in to the break :)))'
b'this might be a great fit for you : associate director of product management - ny'
b'this quick 9 -3 tomorrow then off till thanksgiving. man this weekend is gunna suck for us'
b'this rain got my hair mah curly expressionless face \xf0\x9f\x98\x91, about to do this shit again'
b'this rain is doing my hair no good loudly crying face'
b'this rain is totally not agreeing with my hair xd ;;;'
b'this rain messed up my hair man unamused face unamused face'
b'this rainy weather is making everything much better.'
b'this says it all'
b'this school, practice, work thing will be the death of me.'
b'this school smells like onions and wet dog'
b'this school year just started and i am already ready for it to end.'
b'this season of game of thrones is based on the third book, " everyone is walking someplace. "'
b'this smoke is cool'
b'this song is so good. i love it. i am going to listen to it 500 times in a row until i hate this stupid, awful song.'
b'this sounds great. imagine how busy with tourists it will be in 50 years to see about the atrocities that occurred'
b'this status was brought to you by me being bored on the toilet.'
b'this stress insomnia is gonna be real great for the exam in 7 hours'
b"this summer i'll literally only be working."
b'this teacher has such a hot voice crack'
b'this tempo clock is so cool! great job espn, cant believe i watched football before this...'
b'this the first time duncan did not give homework since the first day of school.'
b"this time tomorrow we'll be at awareness weekend having a blast! can not wait to make bhs history!"
b'this tweet is for you mom, please stalk me some more'
b'this tweet is so nice but mildly threatening'
b'this update is literally going to take up the rest of the space on my phone.'
b'this video is not available in your country. " " omg, where do i come from then? narnia?'
b'this was a fun day'
b'this was a great time to get sick.'
b'this was bound to happen. i can not wait until black students find out about the history of the democratic party.'
b'this weather is just fantastic for my bronchitis'
b'this weather is making me buy lights of amazon to film electric light bulb'
b'this weather is so great'
b"this weekend another weekend at home, thanks mom you're awesome"
b"this weekend another weekend at home while my friends are partying that mom you're awesome"
b'this weekend is about to suck cuz everybody at fall weekend expressionless face'
b'this weekend is about to suck. work, work, then work some more'
b'this weekend is going to be fucking awesome.'
b'this weekend is gonna fucking suck'
b"this weekend's been fun... even though i am getting two teeth pulled today \xf0\x9f\x98\xb1\xf0\x9f\x98\xb0\xf0\x9f\x98\xab"
b'this week has just been fucking awesome'
b'this week i was recognised by a student for being the " swayer " & " balloon girl " at sports awards \'14!'
b'this week keeps getting better and better'
b'this whole love in highschool shit dead i am going to wait until college'
b'this whole weekend is about to suck. i do not even get sunday off confounded face'
b'this why i stop arguing basketball (cont )'
b"this world can be a better place if people start accepting their mistakes as quickly as they accept'terms and conditions. '"
b'this year has been a massive split between worst year of my life and best year of my life'
b'thnx for all the help umass financial aid services, i am just really so glad you guys care about the students and not just their wallets'
b'thnx to my parents for dealing with me singing obnoxiously loud in the shower literally every single night'
b'and look how well a lot have got on since'
b'those are some pretty good refs'
b'those dreams were beyond f-ed up last night.'
b'those love you more arguments'
b'those memories that you randomly remember and you can not stop smiling.'
b'those mornings when you happen to glance at your phone & think you can answer just one email then quickly go back to sleep.'
b'those nights when you can not sleep and you have to be up early in the morning < ;'
b'those nights where you have second thoughts about everything and nothing feels right.'
b'those random moods where you just want to kill everyone for no reason.'
b"those two who went on the'date from hell ' and still met up afterwards has really made my love life look like a pile of puke."
b'those who tell you not to run with scissors are just trying to steal your scissors. run.'
b'thought getting up at half 8 today was bad, well then i can not wait to get back to half 6 mornings next week'
b'thought i had a only 2nd midterm today. until i got an email from the professor calling it a final exam. great. wonderful. fantastic. ugh.'
b'thought i was gonna get to sleep in...'
b'thought macaroons would be easy to make face with tears of joy'
b"he's so damn sexy i def thought this was gonna be fun."
b'thousand years to wait for the right guy smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes relieved face'
b'three day weekend woo! not really fun when you have rest your swollen fat foot but i need my feet good for saturday night smile'
b'three day work week, oh yeah, i am ready grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'three hours of dental fun weary cat face'
b"three reasons to stand up :1. to get the remote 2. to go to the bathroom 3. because you're the real slim shady."
b'three stages of life :1. birth 2. w h a t t h e f you c k i s t h i s 3. death'
b'thresh is the best'
b"thrilling 10 -5 lecture tomorrow, on what's likely to be 2 hours sleep"
b'throat : dude, this cough sucks. brain : wait for the drop.'
b'throat hurts so bad... such a great time to get sick unamused face'
b'to when capone was acting like a sara mclachlan commercial bc he has such a tough life expressionless face'
b'throw the fuckin ball fag. i need them fantasy points to hurns lol'
b'thst moment when youre so tired you literally stare at the screen trying to come up with words while almost drooling'
b"thunderstorms &lightning, a horrible day and evening and a 10 year old sleeping with me. it's going to be a wonderful night of sleep! persevering face"
b'thursday for the last day of clinicals we are having a pot luck, i love pot lucks bc i really really love my food.. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"thx and for making fun of me, y'all rock"
b'i am eating some brownies with am &ms and i will probably start my chores and my homework soon. have an awesome day at work!'
b"tickle me and i'll tickle your neck with a knife"
b'tickling me is not fucking cute and i will kick you in the fucking face.'
b'i can not wait to seek her and maybe " cough " a'
b'tiger algebra calculator was the best invention lol'
b"lol. no ma 'am. just did not wanna wait until after break to get the few hrs i needed. your school did not have a half day?"
b'better training might be " how not to be murdered by the police "'
b'time flies when you take 2 naps a day and contribute nothing to the society.'
b'time for a 3 hour class.'
b'time for a healthy dinner'
b'time for soccer practice, so much fun!'
b'time for the best class of the day!'
b'i have not reached it all but i am constantly working on it.'
b'one could lend a lot to the clintons for his state of affairs, giving advice that no one can get.'
b'i dont think so not any time soon while he is still in trail. now pisitorius'
b"time to attempt this thing most normal people call sleep, let's see if i can manage more than 2 hours and not wake up at 7 again."
b'time to get back into my diet and eating healthy! i will prove to ollie i can go back to a size 6! runner'
b"time to get ready, good '"
b'time to get rest so i can wake up n be a slave to the system again... im excited af'
b'time to go to my 9:45 physics lab! woooo!'
b'time to learn spanish able to have a conversation with my fellow country men and women'
b'time to sleep. i am really excited about the tv show! can not wait to wake up and start the marathon!'
b'time to sleep i suppose, because my body does not lye down and do nothing enough anyways.'
b'time to start this 4th year of university. and what a better way to start than a meeting at 5pm? nothing this is perfect.'
b'time to study whoohoo!'
b"tim mcgraw's live like you're dying album makes me so happy smile"
b'confront means you coming face to face hostile tryna start an argument. use yo words correctly boo'
b'dealing with a problem and starting an argument are two different things dumb dummy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'tip : always comment on/ or like someones selfies cause it takes so much courage to post something personal'
b'tip for ugly chicks : whisper in any guys ear " i want you to come in my mouth " and you\'ll never have a problem getting laid ever again.'
b'tip to get out of jury duty : begin every answer with " according to the prophecy. "'
b'tired af but got my work done so good'
b'tired as all hell, but going to end my night with some then watch and good ^_ ^'
b"tired isn't even a feeling for me anymore. its becoming a personality trait."
b"tired isn't even a temporary state for me anymore. it's just an inherent part of my personality."
b'tired of my hair already, rain just messed it up unamused face'
b'tired of waiting and hoping for shit'
b'so my mom gave me the lesson on airing up a tire... thanks for the help. ha'
b'you can not stream songs or play them on the radio without paying for a license. if you wanna get paid write your own songs.'
b'good thing he followed up with that tape'
b'tmrow is last school day 4 2015 sounds fun but not really coz i still remember how sad it was. cause it really was.'
b'tm & the weekend is going to suck sad'
b'toady is already goin great'
b'to all 8th graders : if you think your group will stay together through high school you are wrong'
b'to all incoming freshmen : - enough sleep - good grades - social life you can only choose two. good luck.'
b'to all of my great friends. this is the last day i will be on earth.. i will miss you all. aubrey weiss death by chem test'
b'to all the ku fans already cheering on the sec tomorrow, just know that i hate you all and way to be faithful to the big xii'
b'to all the students who drop out and fail high school : remember two things, 1. you tried your best. 2. i do not like onions on my bigmac.'
b'to all the waiters out there : we do not get impressed when you try to memorize our orders, we just get nervous.'
b"to bad there's no medical advancement to prevent whooping cough oh wait"
b'to be honest i find it hard to believe that theres someone out there that would be able to spend the rest of their life with me'
b'to be honest, i really do not give a fuck. i lose friends, make friends and make enemies everyday. regardless, i am still going to be me.'
b'to be honest i still do not know how to play instagram videos i just keep touching the video and hoping for the best.'
b'to be old and wise, you first must be young and stupid.'
b'to convince my boss that i am keeping busy, i periodically yell " you think this is a game? " into my phone, then slam down the receiver.'
b'today alex really wanted to wear a pair of leggings so she took them out of the washer and wore them to school soaking wet'
b'today at school i saw 2 cops arguing about whether or not ham is the best meat'
b'today has been a great day since a banana exploded in my backpack'
b'today has been awesome smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'today has been such a long day that it feels like peter jackson is directing it.'
b'today i admit that i do not know how to read people... its a world nobody my kind of place i am angry face'
b'today i devoted myself to doing nothing, it was great'
b'today i am thankful that we have a herd of elephants living upstairs from us elephant'
b"today is a stay in bed, pull the blankets over your head, and pretend ur on an adventure in a kangaroo's pouch type of day"
b'today i saw a biker ride their bike on the side of the road, not the middle of the lane'
b"today i saw a sign for a suicide helpline on the back of a bus. i couldn't help but think, it would probably work much better on front."
b'today i saw something that reminded me of you. but do not worry, i flushed and everything went back to normal.'
b'today is going to be fun.. i get to empty then clean the inside of a concrete box in the middle of the mountains.'
b"today is going to be such a fantastic day, it's already starting out perfectly!"
b"today is just one of thouse days you need a break from school, wait that's everyday"
b'today is literally taking the piss'
b'today is my first day that i have free time and i have homework to do, i am still sick so i need to actually get to sleep for a while.'
b'today is my last day of anatomy lab! good only a practicum standing in my way of being done with lab!'
b'today is not my day after waking in on someone in the restroom they gave my room away at the doctors office hopefully the day get better'
b'today is one of those days where i feel like i am bothering everyone and nobody understands or cares.'
b'today is one of those days where i just cant stop listening to purpose headphone'
b'today is one of those days where i wish i could restore myself to the factory settings.'
b'today is such a fun day... unamused face pensive face'
b'today is the first day i do not have homework on a school night since school started weary face'
b'today is the first day, in nearly 4 months, i have not had any homework face savouring delicious food'
b'today is the first day i saw the word " pumped " in a published newspaper. good job exponent.'
b'today is the first day of the rest of your life... and if that does not work out for you, tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.'
b"today is the first day since i've been here that i have not had homework. i'd forgotten what free time was"
b"today is the first day since i've been in college that i do not have homework or anything due"
b'today is the first day since the beginning of the school year where i had no homework at all. so i decided to celebrate by sleeping'
b'today is the kind of day where you show up to the gym in shorts and realize you only shaved one leg'
b'today is the last day to vote for favorite male artist pop rock at the rt for your vote to count.'
b'today i tried to do community service & had an allergic reaction to insulation fiberglass & now am covered in hives/ rashes.. love it ~~'
b'today i will reach levels of " not giving a sh*t " that would make the honey badger proud.'
b'today just keeps gettin better and better'
b'today keeps getting better'
b'today may be test day, but it is also day so it will be a hours day'
b"today's a day of giving thanks for everything in your life so idk why my mind is only letting me think of things that piss me off"
b'todays been eventful. come to find out my stepdad has gay cows. dope'
b"today's been fantastic loudly crying face"
b"today's going great"
b"today's going to be a great day.."
b'todays gonna be fun.'
b'today should be a good day, just do not piss me off thanks in advance face throwing a kiss'
b'today should be fun! 3, 2 hour lectures in academic south wooooo!'
b'today should be fun'
b"today's my day off from working out, so i am gonna use this day wisely and take a nap."
b"today's my only day off, then starting tomorrow i am working up to 81 hours for the next 2 + weeks ;))))))))"
b"today's relationships : you can touch each other, but not each other's phones."
b'todays the first day i actually finish my homework before 9'
b"today's the first day i have not had homework in forever and it's so nice loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face"
b"today's the first day in like 81904 decades that i finished my homework"
b"today's the first day since the semester started that i do not have any homework to do."
b'today : stressed tomorrow : stressed next week : stressed next month : stressed next year : stressed next life : stressed'
b'today sucks. i like knowing everyone is mad at me. smiling face with smiling eyes pensive face'
b"today's workout : laugh really hard until you get a six pack."
b'today was fun other than the fact that i burnt my finger.'
b'today was great til i had to study for a math test... \xe2\x99\x88\xe2\x99\x90'
b'today was my first day of school and i already have a lot of homework weary face'
b'today was my first day without homework and i enjoyed it \xf0\x9f\x98\x8a\xf0\x9f\x98\xaa'
b'today was such an amazing day!'
b'today went fucking fantastic'
b'today will be an awesome day full of homework & studying'
b'today will be good! as long as i ignore current events, sit in the dark and cry!'
b'today will be the first day i am thankful for adverts so i can do my homework in the breaks of im a celeb'
b'today would be a great day to just chill at home doing nothing.'
b'to do list :1: change facebook name to " no one " 2: \'like \' peoples statuses.'
b'to do list : get a sword. name it kindness. kill people with kindness.'
b"to every drunk girl i've met in bathrooms : i love u, may you have clear skin n healthy relationships n i meant it when i said you were beautiful"
b'to everyone who fucked me over thanks cause you all turned out to be really fucking trash but thanks for the favor kissing face with closed eyes'
b'to find out who views your facebook profile the most, just look in the mirror!'
b'to get out of a text convo : " the message could not be delivered due to a temporary network setup error. please try later. error 2128 -226110 "'
b'to get ready for bed or continue studying..'
b'to get the new update i would have to delete literally everything off my phone'
b"'to improve the mental health of young people, we should start by tackling stress among teachers '"
b'to kill a mockingbird with kindness'
b'told a joke about curling my hair which he did not get.. he thought i straightened and then curled my hair.. face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b"told a woman to calm down once, so yeah you could say i know what it's like to survive a near death experience."
b'told my dad to get a house with a back house so i can have my own set up lol'
b'told my dad to invite grandma and grandpa to my bday cookout'
b'told my kid, if his friends ask, " is your mom a lesbian? " look \'em in the face and go, " why? are you asking for your mom? "'
b"told my mom to pick me up cus i wasn't feeling good and she shows up right when school ends pouting face"
b'told rafa about the class that involves twerking & he said no more twerking in class for me flushed face lol'
b'told stove i was taking notes but i am actually playing plants vs. zombies'
b"to me chemistry is a huge letdown, i thought we would do labs and fun stuff involving chemicals but it's all writing"
b'tomorrow i am doing my makeup work & washing clothes & cleaning my room'
b'tomorrow is friday! except this weekend is gonna suck!'
b'tomorrow is gonna be fun.'
b'tomorrow is my day off and i have an alarm on for 7 am sleeping face sleeping face weary face if anyone ever says i do not love my nephew/niece they are'
b'tomorrow is my first day back to school & i am about to have so much homework loudly crying face'
b'tomorrow is my last day of school before thanksgiving break! good'
b'tomorrow is my longest day and i am going to be running on only two hours of sleep'
b"tomorrow is the last day of blood bowl! please come donate - you never know whose life you could be saving (& it's always fun to beat usc )!"
b"tomorrow's a new day and another chance to fuck things up just a little bit differently."
b'tomorrow shows are canceled. tickets will be refunded. thanks for your understanding.'
b"tomorrow's the last day of school before thanksgiving break hallelujah shout for joy"
b'tomoza is gunna be fun'
b'to much homework again... great tht i slept and now i hav no time'
b'to nap or shower? or nap in the shower? either way homework & study session comes after'
b'tonight i hit the lab and began to record something that was other than greatness, other than myself. 2hrs in the studio thrown in the trash'
b"tonight in my lab class i was fortunate enough to take part in a brain dissection and it was the most beautiful piece of art i've ever seen."
b"tonight i shaved one leg then decided it wasn't worth shaving the other"
b'tonight is not a night to piss me off but thanks any way javi smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'tonight just gets better and better'
b'tonights online dating msgs from a guy bragging re suspended license for driving without a license bc he lost it bc of a dui. winner?!?'
b'tony hoped to keep his birthday today low key... i believe that should be respected... winking face'
b'us braves fans are really enjoying the end to this season...'
b'you have to right that ship before it starts duringhockeyseason'
b"i fuckin love the jacket dude.. i wish it was smaller and less thick i could have worn that shit 24/7 but it's just way too big"
b'too bored to sleep. too sleepy to human.'
b'too cold and dark outside for biking. staying in and streaming free bike videos on you tube. anything good on tv worth tuning into?'
b'too excited to get my wisdom teeth pulled today grinning face with smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'took a looooong, hotttt, steamyyyy shower trying to end this day on a positive note. got out & realized i only shaved one leg. i give up bye'
b'took a nap and still feel like shit.. so excited to sit through this class smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b"took a nap and woke up to ole ' jimbo laying the law down on jameis winston. impressed with the 1st half suspension."
b'took a shower 3 hours ago and my hair is still wet... cool'
b'took me 2 hours to enroll in classes today so good me. unamused face'
b"took sleeping meds 3 hours ago, glad to see they're working -. -"
b'too much fun with this red blood vessel'
b'top -choice : grapefruit getting ready to trim - or'
b'to read or play madden'
b'gotta get that license tho... you can not even get hired for certain positions without one'
b"it's so fun sitting on ur burnt butt all day in leggings"
b'to scare everyone on halloween im just going to upload a selfie'
b'to sleep now or attempt to stay awake for htgawm? hmmmm'
b'to steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. to steal from many is research.'
b"now that's low mr m. it's bad enough on motd without paying extra for it."
b"i mean, i get it. you're saying that mechanically it's not really fun or well designed in your opinion. that's it."
b'totally aced that exam! what a great way to start my weekend, and break'
b'totally didnt see that coming xd'
b'totally just voted btw'
b'totally love being at a new school where i only know my bf \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with heart shaped eyes face throwing a kiss face savouring delicious food'
b'totally lovin life rn'
b'totally spontaneous... not \xf0\x9f\x98\x82! see you in few days la grinning face face throwing a kiss'
b'totally will. but. i will take no responsibility for the addiction and joy and possible food poisoning that may follow.'
b"to the guy that said i look like adriana lima... you couldn't be more wrong. biggest compliment ever"
b'to the guy who decided to drive in my lane going the opposite direction, i would love to commend you on how great of a driver you are.'
b'to the guy who was just singing as he walked past our bedroom window, thank you very much for the wake up call!'
b'to the people who live upstairs... it sounds like you have a heard of elephants up there'
b'& to think round 2 would be any different.. ha'
b'touch it gently, put 2 fingers inside, if its wide use 3, make sure its wet and rub up and down... yep thats how you wash a cup'
b'tough day getting news of a friend passing away. great memories working together every summer in college. rip kyle crying face'
b'tough game this weekend. good thing louisville is bowl eligible. must suck to not be bowl eligible *coughcough *'
b'to wait around to attempt to sleep or to wait until i get this?'
b'thank the good lord for wet ones.'
b'traffic in the morning is boner inducing'
b'thank you for never failing to make me laugh'
b"trail mix is just a reminder of how much better it would've been if i just ate a bag of am &m's!"
b'trams are always on time'
b'thank you guys so so much i will never get tired of saying it'
b'we have like 80 gfx just need one stop being a fag'
b': i have been celibate for 4 fucking months " wow so long'
b'travis porter - make it rain'
b'" this band sucks "'
b'yeah ha blasting adele in my way home now smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'treasure those who appreciate you and just ignore those who dont like you.'
b'treat your woman the way you treat your smartphone ; take her out regularly, touch her often & make her the most important thing in your life'
b'only time i ever completed homework on time (and correctly ) was when we had to do this on the first day of school'
b"i cant loudly crying face im working today's my only day off"
b"face with tears of joy we weren't ever dating. lmao just because i do not like you does not mean you need can be a fag i said we could be friends?"
b'man i wish my friends did shit like this for me'
b'being that i beeeeeen waiting since you was supposed to originally drop it way back when i say immediately \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d\xf0\x9f\x98\x8d come thru'
b'tried to get jon to grow a big beard so i could feel like im with someone from'
b'tried to plug my charger in the wrong hole. siri was like stop " i do not do that ".'
b'tried to pull a push door, ended up committing and ripping it off the hinges to avoid looking like an idiot.'
b'tried waking up at 8 to book a doctors appointment, woke up thinking i was still in my dream and google would not let me. so no appointment face with tears of joy'
b'tries to spell word can not spell word uses different word'
b'yet was in vegas for 24 hours. but a whole week a vids this chick has no life whatsoever! cant wait!'
b'it was the best cause i can not write for shit. im not good at putting thoughts on paper and your not good at algebra.'
b'trivial things - as in the magazine and also one of the gacha story, keito said that he is not good with'
b'trivial things that piss me off, the way queueing for a bus home as totally gone out the window, thanks to'
b'trivia plans got canceled for tonight, so i have no excuse not to work on my sofawolf submissions. now i just need inspiration!'
b'everyday i wonder if your ever gonna learn how to tweet properly'
b'true fear is when you\'ve had the " seeker " walk by you when you were playing hide & seek.'
b'true friends do not judge each other. they judge other people.. together'
b'true friendship is when you walk into their house and you automatically connect to their wifi'
b'true friends spend 5 hours with you cleaning ur room'
b'true love is holding in your sneeze so your cat doesnt get scared and run away'
b'true love is praying for someone and asking god to give them the best even if that does not include you.'
b"true love is telling your significant other that you have not seen the youtube video they're about to show even though you have."
b'true love is when you burn your tongue when you take a bite from a pizza and you still keep eating it.'
b'true love is when your pet comes to your room on its own'
b'true love lasts a lifetime? explain my empty bowl of ice cream.'
b'true love right there'
b'true love : your partner getting up from a nap to help you because you clogged the toilet.'
b'trust me, when i woke up today i had no plans to be awesome, but shit happens.'
b'in : says is while the on cannabis as medicine'
b'try and act like an adult but cryin on ig... you really sound like youve " manned " up'
b'try -dumping before sharing content. a great tool for this is go on, get practicing!'
b'trying & failing to change my twitter name'
b'trying my hardest to not fall asleep in this lecture but i am so tired'
b'trying to do homework during my free period working'
b"trying to do my algebra hw while watching netflix isn't my best idea"
b'trying to embarrass me is so unnecessary i do it to myself just fine'
b'trying to find some classy shirts & literally everything is a crop top'
b'trying to have a productive night...'
b'try to and before the come out'
b"that's gotta be a difficult assignment!"
b"true, but even with mainstrean we still debate over who's best. i bet if somebody say you lost to hollow you'd be arguing too. lol"
b'tucking my shirt in like my mom did in 1993 is all the rage.'
b'tuesday come faster weary face'
b"tuesday's and thursday's get me through the week. love going to the hospital for clinicals! smiling face with open mouth"
b"tui billboard : the swayed the public so much that the internet party will be able to form govt on it's own"
b'tupac kickin back in cuba been waiting all these years to come back reincarnated and drop the sickest rap album of 2014'
b"you right it's not easy, but do not stress about bs that will not even matter later on... enjoy yourself bro raised fist & fuck everyone else"
b'turning off the lights downstairs then running upstairs so no one kills you.'
b'turning the light off in the bathroom when is in the shower is my favourite thing to do'
b'turns my fan on high so i can still sleep with a blanket'
b'turn up? how about turn in... your homework stay in school kids'
b'tv led me to believe life would have way more treasure maps. but so far none.'
b'this is so weird... people at me school say i look like you and call me ur little sister! and i am like " yeah i am sexy lie him'
b'tweeting and texting with one hand -easy pedestrian'
b'tweeting at work... having sooooo much fun and honestly not bored at all'
b'tweeting from the gym'
b'tweeting " is so much more fun to say than " updating my facebook status ".'
b'twelve years a slave is really about a guy studying to become a doctor.'
b'tw// im so fucking allergic to dogs i give one a bath and half an hour later im still covered in hives'
b"twitter has a bird as its logo, that's why when you join you're an egg. and your home button is a birdhouse. why am i just getting this?"
b'twitter is a great excuse to talk to your self without looking stupid.'
b"twitter is confusing me this morning. it's okay to beat your kid until he bleeds but beating your wife is wrong. got it."
b'twitter is currently the only social network that your parents have not ruined.'
b'twitter is like my dirty diary of all the facebook statuses i could never post.'
b'twitter is like my fridge... i know there is nothing new but i check it every 5 minutes anyway.'
b"twitter is like the fridge. if you're bored, you keep opening it."
b'twitter is my bestfriend. i can share random stuffs, with no plastic and judgemental.'
b'twitter is my friend, youtube is my voice, and google is my brain.'
b'twitter is so much better when you dont try to argue with everyone and just laugh at funny tweets'
b'twitter is the one place where you go to say all of the random thoughts in your head and see if everybody else is as weird as you.'
b'twitter is the only place where you can follow someone and not get called a stalker.'
b'twitter is where insightful citizens leave their unique observations about themselves and the world around them.'
b"twitter makes you love people you've never met ; facebook makes you hate people you've known your whole life ; myspace makes you... nevermi"
b'twitter taught me how to use " &gt ; " and " < ; " better than math did.'
b'twitter thought i wanted to follow fox news'
b"twitter + tumblr + facebook + youtube = reasons my homework isn't done yet."
b'twitter was definitely invented by a man. a woman would have chosen a higher character limit.'
b'two classes on the engineering quad... not out of place at all...'
b'two days is not enough time for a weekend'
b'two days of class next week, and i have three tests within those two days. fantastic.'
b'two days of school left then a 5 day break. two more weeks of school then winter break! oh yeah!'
b'two faced people are the best!'
b'two of my favorite words are " client remediation ". sure it applies to fixing their issues but also to their attitudes.'
b'two of my idols on a track.. wooop!'
b"two quizzes this afternoon, for my 1 and 2 o 'clock classes :o"
b'two reasons why i do not let my gf touch my i phone coz :1. i do not have a gf. 2. i do not have an i phone.'
b'two tests one right after the other...'
b'two things you really do not have to chase : true friends and true love.'
b'two types of people that annoy me : drunk people when i am sober. sober people when i am drunk.'
b'two weeks into school and i am sick... so shocking.'
b'tx so much for speaking to my class! you were fantastic! glad you liked the video'
b'love how suker just disappears every time something goes down'
b'do not forget wiz'
b'yeah i was blasting music the whole time running around'
b'i can not wait to start my trek to work an hour earlier than usual just to get there on time smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'ty oomf for the reply'
b'type " homosexual " in the twitter search bar, click people, look at the first 5 people that come up. coincidence? i think not.'
b'typical high school girl snatching one whole sheet of paper everyday good'
b'typing " lmao " while knowing fine & well that your ass is firmly attached.'
b'typing the lyrics into google to find the name of the song.'
b'thanks for all these shitty songs i didnt download on my iphone'
b'you can delete ur post, but you cant delete the screenshot i sent to my bestfriend'
b'you can not force someone to feel the same way you feel about them'
b'you can not ruin what i love! will be forever in my heart!'
b'you can tweet sign on shit but not answer me...'
b'uc just gave me a check for literally no reason face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'you deserve a nice boy who texts you back and buys you tacos and does not kiss other girls behind ur back and who makes you laugh and thinks ur funny'
b'you do not have to like me, not everyone has good taste'
b'you do not know disappointment until you sit down every thursday for seven fucking years, watching ur favorite tv show ever turn into bullshit'
b'you ever get mad at yourself for being calm and rational about a situation when you realize you missed the perfect opportunity to go crazy'
b'you ever get really mad at someone you love but like you love them so you can not stay mad and that makes you temporarily even more mad'
b"you ever have the feeling in the pit of ur stomach that something just isn't right right"
b'you ever took a really good snap but you didnt send it cos you thought you can take a better one but actually the first one was much better'
b'you ever wake up nd feel like you have not drank water in 5 years'
b'ugh another in class graded exercise. yep thats deffers gonna motivate me 4 class'
b'ughh i am staying up late for these damn boys... your welcome i am losing sleep because of you people'
b'ugh i can not wait to be home tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes seriously gonna have my bag packed and everything just so i can go to union as soon as i finish class'
b'ugh i hate to have to do this.. but i am fixing to have to block one of my favorite people'
b'ugh i love hunting season, cant wait to we dead animals all over my newsfeed'
b"\xf0\x9f\x91\x91\xf0\x9f\x91\x91 ugh i miss you so much! it's been a long time since we've talked but we definitely need to catch up soon! text me"
b'ugh this weekend is about to suck unamused face unamused face'
b"ugly people exist to make pretty people stand out and that's my contribution to society so... you're welcome."
b'you got the dwarf part in shrek which is so fitting face with tears of joy \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f glad we can rant to each other & call each other a bitch without being offended luv ya'
b"uk it's gonna be a good day when you wake up with a migraine"
b'hurting anybody by doing it and i think people moaning about it are just excited because it gives them a reason'
b'you know a girl is mad when she starts off her sentence saying " i just find it funny how " bc there\'s a 99. 9% chance she did not find it funny'
b'you know you have a problem when the delivery man says in a thick accent " you melissa? you shopaholic, i love you - you keep me working! " lol'
b'you look cute, who you trynna look good for " myself you motherfucking bitch'
b"we offer sushi classes on campus! c website 4 more info or message 4 details. we'd love to come up!"
b'unbelievable but true -surprised bbc bias? " "'
b"our school so wet we ain't even on there loudly crying face weary face"
b'i just would love if i can have an iphone. following you from the ur videos keep up the good work'
b'under capitalism man exploits man ; under socialism the reverse is true.'
b'undercooked subway actually makes me feel good..'
b'undercurrent at - love the conversation shift from " my " health to " our " health'
b'under obamacare, you may not be able to keep your current friends with benefits. check the website to see if sexy singles want to meet you.'
b'understanding is deeper than knowledge. there are many people who know you, but there are very few who understand you.'
b'understand that going into any surgery, you have that small chance of never waking up. understand that doctors give it their all. please.'
b'undertale is undeniably a great game, but without that connection i think it might not have exploded onto the scene as well as it did.'
b'ive got about 4 or 5 semesters left depending on if i take summer classes or how many credits tired face'
b'you never realize how dirty or bad a song is until you listen to it in the car with your mom'
b'you neverrrrrrrrrr get caught up. or you can go the simple route n just flat out tell them what it is but then you will not get the bs you want face with tears of joy'
b'unexpected text messages from someone you missed or care about are the best type of messages'
b'unfollowers " spelled back words is " srewollofnu ". which sounds a lot like " screw all of you " coincidence? i think not.'
b'unfortunately, all the signs that a woman is in love with you, are exactly the same as the signs that she wants to murder you.'
b'unfortunately i am the type of person that you can screw over 1 million times and i would still be there for you if you needed me.'
b'unfortunately some of my best moments in 2015 were spent with people who will not even be a part of 2016'
b"universal fact : your girlfriend misses you the most when you're partying with your friends."
b'unless i am staying with jaz this weekend will suck'
b'unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck.'
b'unless you count their 15k miles that will sit there doing nothing. but just had a great call with'
b"unless you're music, i do not want to listen to you in the morning."
b"unless you were severely beaten with a canned good, i do not want to hear about how you're in a food coma."
b'until you need one lil fag'
b'up alllll night doing math lab... good neutral face'
b'update : i got all my classes and no fridays'
b"update : it took me 2 mins to register and i wasn't waitlisted for anything and no classes on fridays get on my level"
b"update : keep those thoughts of love and health coming! they're working!"
b"update : passive aggressive note to upstairs neighbors did not work. they're still elephants"
b'up mad early like i had a good nights rest'
b'up since 7am with this little scamp, but on the upside, love being up early enough for on'
b'upstairs neighbors walk like fucking elephants.'
b'excited to read hope it settles once and for all how superman shaves with laser vision without hurting himself.'
b"up way too late picking my parents up from the airport. their plane is still on the tarmac waiting for a gate. and it's pouring rain. yay."
b'ur allowed to have 5 emotional ass minutes in the day then the rest you gotta be a gangsta'
b'yuck, yeah. we walked home from school which the kids thought was super fun (really! ) way more wet than biking neutral face'
b"u're 17 years old. you smoke, you drink, u're not a virgin... & you wear more make-up than you do clothes. your mother must be so proud."
b'ur favorite disappointment at ur service'
b'ur not true friends till you realise you were on the other end of a phone line when they lost their virginity xo'
b'ur rly dark ur rly dark and ur mean and ur dark and ur a fag and ur my uh ya. ur my bfffff. oh did i mention ur dark? ha fag bye'
b'urrrrrrrg why can not i just have more acne pensive face pensive face pensive face'
b'ur so funny'
b'us again by chuck wicks is on replay because i love making myself cry'
b'you motivate & inspire me & my son to be more active.. thank you for putting god first'
b"fake!, that's all i need to know, another lie of liars"
b'"for as were the days of noah, so will be the coming of the son of man" (matthews 24:37) it is not going to get better'
b"if your life is too busy to remember your child in a hot car then maybe you shouldn't have them. just saying."
b'i wish a south side chicago gang banger or three would just kick the ever loving shit out of him.'
b'kanye is a zero talent bag of fecal matter with bad taste in women. and to think one condom could have prevented all of this.'
b'so wear is all that money going? since the government works for the people are we all getting a check??'
b"used a new face mask and it resulted in being covered in hives and my skin feeling like it's melting off smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat"
b'used to have neighbors who used to move furniture at 2am every night'
b'use y =mx +b to calculate the slope of how down hill my life is going'
b'us freshies are fresher that the rest... so watch our swagger.'
b'using my thumb for removing the chat headers more than scrolling.'
b'i was exhausted. they had an ambulance waiting for me at airport. i had to spend 2 weeks in hospital and got the boat home'
b'you smell like spoiled milk on a hot day'
b'us to send 3,000 troops to africa to fight... ebola i call bullshit.'
b'usually if something does not load on my phone within 3 seconds i am done trying.'
b'usually relationships end when people get tired of pretending to be the person their partner likes.'
b"uti's are so much fun"
b'uuhyour necklace hanging from my neck the night we couldnt quit forget when we decided.. we decided to move the furniture so we voy'
b': " cancer or not, for her crimes if convicted, she must spend the rest of her life in jail. " " wow'
b"it's a good thing your dead pool, you can not kill yourself."
b"well its hard when you're known as the sexiest man alive throughout social media"
b'but its still fantastic seeing more white women going black and breeding black! smile irrespective of social class'
b'i am lookin mighty fine this morning... face with tears of joy'
b'i am sorry about the argument last night but i did not mean it, i still love you and i am always here for you'
b'vatrano gets off a shot then gets hit hard into the boards behind the net ; goes down the tunnel'
b': have you actually ever heard that? loudly crying face unamused face "'
b'vegas girls love the way it goes down'
b'vegetarians, if you love animals so much why do you eat all their food?'
b"velasco arrested for driving without a license - operating a vehicle without a driver's license will land you i"
b'i know i also can not wait for you to leave me and andrea all alone to starve and die while you travel to fun places'
b'ahhahaa okay face with tears of joy wait babysit who'
b'ver a justin con selena me recuerda nama a " nothing like us "'
b"i am sure we'll see all of the documents posted on in the name of transparency."
b'very excited about hugging on saturday and not hurting his back this time when i do it'
b'very interesting lesson.'
b'very strange how you can talk to someone everyday and still miss them'
b'very very sick & have not been fully healthy in 2 + months :// just hoping things get better soon, this is shit'
b"very very very true. and that's my argument, ultimately. i just do not want us to get caught up on it/in it."
b'via why do young people like socialism more than older people? because capitalism failed a generation'
b'lmao i am just hoping i get pto cause the day before christmas break i hit 90 days.'
b'- kinda has the same symbol as whatsapp when you get a msg. how innovative'
b"victoria secret's email... sale only today! ok let me just stop everything im doing & drive to the mall."
b'its a bit easier to keep trying when you love the work... i do have low days, but i hope for another great job soon!'
b'video game idea : a game that teaches gamers how to say words to women.'
b'video game logic : everyone worse than me is my bitch and everyone better than me has no life.'
b'half did not show up, foreign exchange student from china and a girl who seems to not give a shit'
b'vika will play against ana and i will not watch, amazing'
b'vikings could " reverse course " on peterson : the walls closing in. possibly a 75% chance that does play vs. the'
b'do not want to give up on cassel after his bad performance in week 2. seems legit, he had a excellent career with the chiefs...'
b'vince vaughn has shaved his hair off and people can not believe he looks different'
b'you could make the argument of k love the most improved player tho too lol... he just has the confidence now'
b'yup! i burnt my journal partly because my younger sister found it, read it and made fun of me sad'
b'love to hear his response but i had to run to the bathroom to puke. i have not had much to drink either.'
b"virgin in 2013? she's a blessing"
b'we are still waiting for the box to be fixed. 4 th day without a phone, will i be compensated for the inconvience? happy'
b': prefers quiet gatherings over loud parties. " maybe this is the reason why i am not really into partying grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'i love your english. take some classes bud'
b'visit to the dentist and changing a flat - two of my favorite things in one morning. talk about stars aligning!'
b'good fine i didnt wanna fuck the skeletons anyway but wait you never imagined this bc i always did cough'
b'we are having a sale all weekend unamused face so shits gunna suck lmfao'
b'volleyball is just a more intense version of do not let the balloon hit the floor.'
b'vote for to win favorite premium cable tv actor at the white right pointing backhand index'
b"true. i liked your video, dude. i wasn't trying to be jerk. i apologize if it came across that way smile love itb"
b'not sure what\'s going on but you know i " am here too. try to enjoy your break though!'
b'no need to get all touchy. voting for the cute guy has nothing to do with smartness. smart ppl do dumb things, sometimes.'
b'wait why are there cigarettes between your thighs in class'
b'i wear glasses and my eyes water a lot too. a cycling cap with the bill pulled low. i can not ride in rain without it.'
b'right cuz i twitter stalked you and purposly tweeted this cuz i wanna be just like you'
b"wait a minute this isn't your homework... this is twitter. how did that happen?"
b"wait but why did i just get id'd buying cough medicine?"
b'wait - do you need an id to buy cough syrup?'
b"waited all day for an important delivery, no text to update me & surprise surprise it's not been delivered. not happy at all!"
b"wait good idea i'll ask people on irc to babysit my macbook over tinychat"
b'wait holy shit tomorrow is the last day of school before break and i have zero tests and no homework fuck i love my life'
b'wait i got no one to really love to piss me off thanks god'
b'waiting for a man does not prove how much you love him. it only proves how little you love yourself.'
b'waiting for my love to call back so i an close my eyes \xe2\x8f\xb1\xe2\x8f\xb1'
b'waiting for my love to get back from the doctors, so might as well clean my best friends house smirking face'
b'waiting for someone to sweep me off my feet but nobody has had a low kick powerful enough yet. the challenge stands.'
b"waiting for the day when i find the girl who helps me understand all the love songs i've ever listened to."
b'smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat \xf0\x9f\x98\x85\xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f waiting for the supervisor to brings us some gatorade'
b'waiting is not a waste of time... it is worth it if you truly love the person your waiting for... =)'
b'waiting on babe to facetime me, i think she might have fallen asleep on me again... \xf0\x9f\x98\xaagotta love her though \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f relieved face smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'waiting till the night before to study for a biology exam is always a great idea smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wait is adele not streaming her album on spotify i can not live like this'
b'wait let me clarify, i did nothing but babysit'
b'wait my sisters will be working meaning im gonna have to babysit daleyza lmao bitch bet'
b"wait so are you threatening him now? that's not very nice"
b'wait till you get to highschool ur not gonna be sad ur gonna be'
b"wait till ' you fall in love and get pregnant and left alone"
b'wake me up when i am rich'
b'wake me up when the school year ends'
b'wake up : exhausted12 pm : exhausted3 pm : fucking exhausted7 pm : about to pass outbed time : the energy of 5 million condensed suns'
b'wake up like this flawless!'
b'wake up to do it all over again.'
b'waking up and not having school i love summer.'
b'waking up at 1 on your day off love it \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b'waking up early to go to the doctors sux'
b'waking up early two days in a row for doctors appointments expressionless face unamused face'
b'waking up everyday work my ass off, blessed with family, friends and my love around then enjoy those little things.'
b'waking up every morning, with a headache is not the business. gonna have to go to the doctors.'
b'waking up for class everyday is like going to the doctors. nobody really wants to go or be there at all. except for the people getting paid!'
b'waking up for class tomorrow is gonna be fun.'
b'waking up sick is the besttt face with medical mask'
b"waking up to be told that all my papers that i have submitted need to go through turnitin and reprinted like, which of the doctors ' is this?"
b"waking up to growing love for the here's the link for all those just joining us! buckle up \xe2\x9c\x88\xef\xb8\x8f sparkles"
b'waking up with a killing sharp pain by my rib cage loudly crying face 4th time this week.. going to the doctors'
b'waking up with the person you love by your side is the greatest joy smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'waldo. the prime example that a good man is hard to find.'
b'walked through campus in the pouring rain with my backpack open good life'
b'walking across the grass to my apt... and the sprinklers come on expressionless face raised hand i am literally soaked face with tears of joy'
b'walking around the kitchen like pac-man when your hungry'
b'walking behind a guy vaping on his way to class'
b'walking from woods to strong in the pouring rain. good college'
b'walking in pouring rain to class, good'
b'walking in the rain is a great thing. riding the subway soaking wet is not.'
b"walking into work on an overtime day to have to train a new supervisor who looks like your jerky ex's twin makes for an awesome day"
b'walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, " try not to act like a criminal, try not to act like a criminal "'
b'walking round the garden in my pjs with the dogs going mad at the firemen at 7oclock this morning was great fun'
b'walking up from car parc to the school of business in this weather was horrible weary face soaking wet'
b'walk of shame through leicester city centre looking absolutely wicked'
b'walk up in the club like " what\'s the wifi password here? "'
b"walmart does not have a dildo section. but it's always fun to ask their employees if they do."
b'wanna come over to myspace and twitter my yahoo till i google all over your facebook?'
b'wanna go to america so bad weary face weary face need to visit this fag face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'wanna hangout? " actually, i have to do something in a few weeks so i need to stay home and rest until then, thanks though!'
b'wanna hear a joke? sleep i know, i do not get it either'
b"wanna know what's fun? having random allergic reactions and not really knowing to what face with tears of joy oh wait it's hell \xf0\x9f\x98\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa0"
b'wanna troll your ex? text her " we need to talk! " switch off your phone and sleep'
b'want a lady in the street but a freak in the bed!'
b'wanting someone more than they want you is hands down the best feeling in the world.'
b'want people not to mess with you?put blue gatorade in a windex bottle. walk down the street drinking it.'
b"want to get caught up on the hospital bacterial infection outbreak? here's what we know :"
b'want to get in shape and grow 2 -3 inches taller fast to impress your friends? check out the tips and tricks in my last tweet.'
b'want to see something amazing? check out the race in my last tweet. the fastest man on the planet runs so fast.'
b'rune of power and incanters flow are not really fun, i rather have a static damage boost even if is lower'
b'does not determine who is right - only who is left.'
b'warehouse was packed tonight! great job to all who made it out there in the pouring rain!'
b"war for the planet of the apes? how'd i not know about this!"
b'warlords of israeli arms walked out, saw the photos of the destruction their weapons caused & decided to end the arms trade for good'
b'warning - do eat sushi before playing soccer.'
b'warning : every single thing i post from here on in, is alcohol induced.'
b'warning : must be 18 to view my last tweet due to extreme nudity.'
b'warning : this tweet is not for younger readers! ok, here we go... tits.'
b'fine dont hangout with me shows how much you love me.'
b'was at u2 concert in belfast tonight fantastic show world class'
b'was comfortable when i left my apartment 30 min ago and now i am really hot expressionless face love this weather'
b'was getting ready to word a tweet about the sick twisted human being who set of a fire alarm whilst it is raining. then they did it again!'
b'was gonna go to the party to watch the fight but i got stuck babysitting weary face'
b'was gonna work on an essay today. might fail the class tho so just gonna go ahead and wait for that confirmation before i exert my energy.'
b'was hating my job until i drove past a grown man dressed as a taco on the side of the road. thanks again perspective'
b'washed clothes, finished hw, and studied for exam.. and it only took me 5 -6 hours'
b'washing and conditioning my hair this rain fucked it up'
b'*washing car* neighbor : you washing your car? me : no. i am watering it to see if it grows into a bus.'
b'washing clothes fun fun!'
b'almost all jobs require drug test. why not the presidency smile'
b'and just 27 percent of republicans are mentally healthy enough to vote.'
b'new trump campaign manager promises to treat candidate the same way she treats her 11 year old daughter'
b'faulty logic and who will run this government? then you will not like them because just being in government convicts them'
b"if it's sex then the female it's always the victim even when she is in a position of authority and the male is a minor"
b'" just get on the \'trump ship\' & i promise that i\'ll put you to work! many people are saying that you\'ll be fed well too! "'
b'i get the same burn from my shits after eating that garbage'
b'well when you thought it was a dm and there it is. oh well. let the truth be told.'
b'wash new clothing before wearing it first. do not make the same mistake i just made. dear god... i am covered in hives.'
b'was i on drugs when i liked you'
b'was low key hoping that big hit would drop stuff at 12pm kst but it looks like 12am kst is the golden hour gdi i am at school tt'
b'was supposed to be on earlier today but my school had our dance & drama showcase & i had to dance so now im finally here good'
b'was supposed to go for a walk with and then she made me sprint'
b'was supposed to start cleaning out my old room in the basement tonight, but with all the shit that happened, i did not get a chance to. tired face'
b'was supposed to wake up at 8 to go to nyc but just waking up now'
b"was suppose to make a move last night but my love sleep wasn't having that lol"
b'was that necessary?'
b'was totally worthless today 1 more night hoping to make the sheets before 4:30am like last night then off for a bit so i am told'
b"was waiting for rain to stop before cycling in, but that isn't on the cards."
b'was with my dad - funny part is we almost left because i did not want to get caught in a pro -yankees riot if they won'
b'watched an awesome movie on netflix today that ended with a quote i firmly believe in.. i decided to do my homework on the poet'
b'watching a friend speak disrespectfully towards their parents really changes my entire view of them as a person'
b'watching babies come out of vaginas is the perfect way to start a friday morning.'
b'watching moulin rouge in a sleep-deprivation -induced daze at 6 in the morning is upsettingly one of the more thrilling sat nights recently.'
b'watching patch while studying for a &p lab good smile'
b'watching qt tonight i was struck by the utter lack of talent of the lab, con front benches enough to almost make me sorry for the english!'
b'watching stewart downing trying to play football reminds me of the good ole days at'
b'watching the same movie in two classes? good'
b'watching true blood with my dad. good for awkward vampire sex'
b"watching your family's disappointment as you once again reach your next birthday"
b'water bottle just exploded in my bag, gonna be a great day smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'waving hi to security cameras'
b'wax scented and coloured. now waiting for it to cool for pouring. good me'
b': " give me the ball man " pep : " not until you tell me where you got your hair transplant from. " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b': "give me the ball man" pep : "not until you tell me where you got your hair transplant from. "\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82'
b'way to blame me'
b"way to go, single girls who already have their weddings planned on pinterest. let us know how that's working out for you"
b'way to make me feel better nick'
b'way too hype for accounting ha'
b'way to piss me off at 5 in the morning thanks lucas'
b'way to piss me off.. thanks a lot!'
b'way to start the fucking day'
b'way to stay true to your word'
b'way to turn a good day into a shit day waited over 40 mins to see a teller.'
b'weak ass false fire alarm woke me up out of the perfect sleep \xe2\x98\xb9\xef\xb8\x8f expressionless face unamused face'
b"we all deserve someone that will make it up to you when they've done wrong not just someone that is just good with using the word sorry"
b'we all have a friend that only gets called by their nickname.. it sounds weird to even say their real name.'
b'we all have a song that makes us feel like a lil hoe face with tears of joy'
b"we all have that friend... who's not really our friend."
b'we all have that one secret no one will ever know'
b"we all have this perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be and that's why we all end up being disappointed"
b'we all knew our upstairs neighbors were up to no good... now we have proof.'
b'we all secretly wish to look as good as beyonce without makeup'
b'we are best friends. always remember that if you fall, i will pick you up... after i finish laughing.'
b'we are declaring a world war without exactly saying it to save some iraqis stuck on a mountain gee that seems legit'
b"we are doing a huge follow spree on instagram and following back everyone who follows'thatssarcasm ' on instagram face throwing a kiss \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'we are but changed name as yunno was kinda lol songs up in next couple of weeks smile smile good times'
b'we are just so beautiful..!'
b'we are like dominos. i fall for you but you fall for someone else.'
b'we are like nemo to our fathers and we are wasting our time to find a dory'
b'we are livin in a world where losin ur phone is more dramatic than losin ur virginity -. -'
b'we are looking so composed on corners.'
b'we are not afraid " - black harvard law students sending so much love 3!'
b'we are resilient creatures, full of light and hope and love, flying and falling and getting up, flying some more. never forget that ^.. ^ ^.. ^'
b"we are studying greek mythology & greek literature, they've always been interesting to me"
b'we are talking about jelly beans in english class right now. you know cause keyhole essays do not matter anymore...'
b'we are the wtf generation : wikipedia, twitter and facebook.'
b'wearing an outfit you like can make a day 10x better'
b"wearing black on the first day of school bc it's actually the funeral for my happiness"
b'wearing toms in the rain is always fun'
b'*wears a dress* " who you looking good for? " me : no one, i was too lazy to match 2 pieces of clothing so here i am'
b'weather here in la is so much more enjoyable then the desert heat'
b"web design is no fun especially when there's not really a career in it anymore."
b'webmd needs to add the question " have you eaten taco bell today? " when asking about stomach-related symptoms.'
b"we both have to be making good money & working jobs we love & traveling & all that's a great marriage"
b'we can all see how much you edited your instagram photo'
b"we can not lose, guys. we 've been working hard for days now. we can not give up. we can not afford to lose 5 seconds of summer"
b'we can now go live to the mancs'
b'we can still be friends " is like saying " hey, the dog died but we can keep it.'
b'we can teach kids there\'s no " i " in team but it\'s way more important to teach them that there\'s no " a " in definitely.'
b'wedding : the really expensive party taking place relatively 5 -10 years before your divorce.'
b'we do not have lights, air and no wifi \xf0\x9f\x98\x8ai love la joya smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'we do not lose friends, we just learn who our real ones are.'
b'weed is a gateway drug to : great food awesome sex good music amazing showers good vibes ya fucking 14 chill out n do your homework'
b'weed wippin in the rain and lightning! always fun and not dangerous!'
b'weekend is over can the rain come back again'
b'week full of shitshows,'
b'we fall in love with people we can not have.'
b'we felt the first taste (if you can feel a taste ) of winter this weekend. this week will be warmer. more rain, too. details next'
b'we fooling right now in the lab who wants a s/o in our next video. we stopping at 11pm tonight.'
b'we get to touch each other in our lab today... good'
b'we guys are like a bowl of maggi, we only get blown if we are hot.'
b'we have a game on halloween...'
b'we have fucking elephants that live upstairs'
b'we have nothing to fear but fear itself. " - people who have never seen a flying cockroach'
b'we have to talk " are the four scariest words a woman can say, but they\'re nothing compared to the three scariest... " is it in?'
b'we - or'
b'i know it has thrown his fantasy football picks off!'
b'welbeck is definently " dat guy "'
b'welbeck looking like a stud in his first ucl game for arsenal.'
b'welcome to being a girl where your life freaking sucks one minute and 5 minutes later everything is better'
b'welcome to nigeria! where sex is free and love is costly where loosing a phone is more painful than virginity'
b'welcome to the freak show, mister cop. takes me back to 3am on a sat night at the bar. man, do i miss that.'
b'we live in a country where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.'
b"we live in a society that's the most knowledgeable about a zombie apocalypse, but the most likely to be eaten while staring at our phones."
b'we live in a society where losing your phone is much more worse then loosing your virginity.'
b'we live in a world were losing your phone is more dramatic then losing your virginity!'
b"well ain't this just fucking great. my night just keeps getting better."
b"well apart from the fact my response was to the person above about his video you're right"
b"well aren't i lucky enough to have class from 8am -9pm today"
b"well aren't you a f*cking waste of two billion years of evolution."
b'well aren\'t you nice... " : you my friend, are an idiot "'
b"well aren't you off to a good start... ha ha ha"
b'well at least my xl from was filled completely'
b'well at least the timehop dinosaur knows how to brighten my day'
b'well done you read my profile, scrolled through a few of my tweets, and thought, " here\'s a man in need of a book publisher "'
b'well done - their campaign to save meldreth manor school has been successful'
b'well for art history we get to go to the art gallery on campus'
b"well good talking to y'all..."
b'well, half hour nap is better than no sleep... right? disappointed but relieved face'
b'well here comes another 6 + page paper.'
b"well here's goes the next 8 hours of chem lab, study chem, chem class with a quiz, and more studying. good for me."
b"well he's made me a yes voter. always vote no!"
b'well hi there worries! care to make sleeping a chore?'
b'well i actually do not really care'
b'well i am off to bed, all i can say is there better be snowing when i wake up. soo excited, my favourite weather. smile x'
b'well i can already tell that this week will be better compared to last week...'
b'well i ended today on a strong note...'
b'well if all else fails i can just be an artist.. right?'
b'well i feel grand'
b"well if the twd spoilers i accidentally came across are true i'll be upset."
b'well if we have anything to go on, like half life... more than 10 years to wait.'
b'well i guess i have 71 years, 2 months left in my life!'
b'well, i guess we could say i need some studying just from seeing my last tweet..'
b'well ima attempt to sleep early today face with tears of joy'
b"well i am back to feeling like i ran marathon and my face is as red as a cherry so that's awesome"
b'well i am glad to see that i am having another great week'
b'well... i am just so great at this life thing... oh wait...'
b'well i am really using the planner i bought'
b'well ios 8 was well worth the 2 hour update grinning face with smiling eyes'
b"well isn't that interesting to know"
b"well isn't this just a splendid idea!..."
b"we'll it was fucked up thanks to the stupid looking sheamus and triple h! lameeeee!"
b"well i've failed almost every test i've had so far this year so that's great \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f! \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\x9e"
b"well i've started i've got a title and four lines pretty good"
b'well i would not be upset if these high winds carried right into tomorrow. smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'well just paid my bills. looks like its ketchup packets and saltine crackers the rest of the week'
b'we\'ll keep fixing the impala whenever she gets beat up. "'
b'well last night was a wasted attempt at sleep. now to see if we set a new record for november and hit 42 today.'
b'well last year we upset a team early and know how the season went sooooooo maybe this is good.'
b'well looks like school might be starting on monday'
b'well love being wide awake at 2am fab-u -lousssss'
b"well maybe you should've told me that you did not have a secret laboratory in your house before i yanked all the books off your bookshelf."
b'well my amazing weekend turned awful once watching my vikings suck it up against the pack... wish i was still in my hotel n shopping.'
b'well my dad is just upset because his favorite grupos are going to be over there. lol'
b'well my day is just going fantastic!'
b'well my night is doing just perfect. smiling face with smiling eyes gn'
b'well my nights been a blast... worry'
b'well my weekend was just ruined.'
b'well picture day went great smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'well poor college people are just plain clever.'
b'lol... well if a bank says something is a success, we are going to believe them lol.'
b"well she does love a board game.. not sure she'll enjoy this one though what's you're guys thoughts i think she'll smash it!"
b'well son, it all started when your mother liked my selfie.'
b"well thanks to obama the coward, there's no work for the rest of the year as more clients canceled their orders &"
b'well that fire alarm was a great alarm'
b'well that interview went well crying face crying face'
b'well that makes me feel great.'
b"well that new feature works well.. 'happy ' was playing"
b"well, that's all i can manage to find for now. it is like first day though. let it simmer in the arcades for more. back to homework."
b"we'll that's cooooool"
b"well that's fucking awesome."
b"well that's great. five hours of sleep?"
b"well that's great. woke up with my face swollen and covered in hives"
b'well that shopping trip did wonders for my self esteem'
b"well that's just what i needed..."
b'well that\'s one way to piss me off, thanks " friend " smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'well that was a brilliant attempt at sleep.'
b'well that was a clever idea'
b'well that was a great game!'
b'well that was a great way to start my day.. unamused face'
b'well that was a great workout'
b"well that was an awkward married couples dinner out all together yay... let's do it again next week"
b'well that was an eventful facetime with face with tears of joy loudly crying face'
b'well that was a warm welcome back'
b'well that was brilliant'
b'well that was fantastic.'
b'well that was fun'
b'well that was fun.. but not really.'
b"well that was rude. just ignore me it's fine. story of my life so why should it matter now it's actually not nice"
b'well that was successful... camborne, cornwall'
b"well that was the hardest training session i've ever done"
b"well, that was the poorest attempt at sleep i've had in a while. rudely awoken by noisy return of travelling companion so total sleep 1 hour"
b'well that was the weirdest interview ever. i am so glad i drove four hours for that'
b'well that went good...'
b'well that works for the voters and dennis canavan shouting over eachother on'
b'well, the essay that i need to have done in about an hour is going well.'
b'well the old yes boy has come across well on reporting scotland'
b'well, this day is off to a great start'
b'well this has been a gr8 week so far...'
b'well this is a great start to the morning...'
b"we'll this is exactly how i wanted you to take it."
b'well this is going to be alot of fun'
b'well this is how everyone wants to wake up in the morning..'
b'well... this is me pretty much every night!'
b'well this is nice, i am 18 for 2 days and my parents are already threatening to charge me rent'
b'well this mornings off to a great start'
b'well this should be fun'
b'well this started off as an outstanding day.'
b'well this week is off to a great start'
b'well tht makes me kinds upset but oh well'
b'well today has been a terrific day so far. so happy i can start my week off great! \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\x96'
b'well today was a great day...'
b'well today was just great.'
b'well tomorrow is going to be fun'
b'well tonight was great... unamused face pensive face weary face'
b'well well toppdogg birthplace jaguars caused an upset and beat tennessee if they keep it up they could get a playoff spot i won \xf0\x9f\x92\xb5\xf0\x9f\x92\xb6\xf0\x9f\x92\xb8\xe2\x9c\x94'
b'well. what a surprise'
b"well yea, not necessarily upset, but i am sure they'll notice and do the right thing"
b'well your honor he said " yolo " so i only shot him to test his hypothesis.'
b"we look like eggs but this is lil kenz that's running on a half hour of sleep"
b'we -love -gaming : do not be jerks to strangers online. you never know what that girl can do.'
b'we love girls who can keep a conversation going, no matter how stupid or random it gets.'
b"he's nice and funny and himself and i love him idk i do not have words he's just perfect that's all"
b'we love you keep up the amazing work!'
b'welp... 3 months of bottling anxiety and depression exploded into a mental breakdown today...'
b'welp, i already do not like my criminal law professor and i never even have to see her. this should be a great semester expressionless face'
b'welp... i am guessing the person that invented those mini car vacuums was a parent. i can almost guarantee it.'
b'welp. today is my friday. not going to have a repeat weekend like last weekend. gotta keep busy!. hope everyone has a great weekend!'
b'we made a youtube channel for fun see no evil monkey subscribe by clicking the link in our bio. it would mean so much to us \xf0\x9f\x92\x81\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbd the accents might surprise you flushed face'
b'we need our own reality show " - said every group of friends ever'
b'we need to talk. " me : *million things run through my mind. what did they find out about!?* parents : " stop leaving the lights on.'
b"we never hear anything from rick astley these days. it's almost like he's given us up, and let us down."
b'went for a run around ballarat this evening, this place was buzzing'
b"went into the shower and shaved one leg but couldn't be arsed doing the other"
b'went thru more numbers than i had since high school algebra class. bottom line for me -- award is not for best at end of 2015 but full year'
b'went to campus and to class to find out class was cancelled... so now both my classes today are cancelled... good another day off for me winking face'
b'went to sleep at 1:30am. woke at 5:30am. music practice and ready to rock and roll at church.'
b'went to sleep at 5pm woke at 2am... jet lag is just an all round good time ^'
b'went to take the trash out and noticed winter is approaching. i hate the cold'
b'wen you see things in a restaurant you feel you shud hav to take or not to take white left pointing backhand index'
b'we only fear not finding those deadly ones. oh wait! we did thanks for great work and love the voice'
b'we only have 3 years to wait \xf0\x9f\x98\x8f\xf0\x9f\x98\x8f'
b"we're all in the same game just different levels, dealing with the same hell just different devils"
b'we really enjoy effective writing.'
b'were confident in our album. however if you see us live, like actually up front and center, its a different story.'
b"we're currently arguing about what hot sauce is the best. this is serious business."
b"we're doing well, hoomin a bit busy & is great"
b"we're not really sure what's going on here, but it looks like fun!"
b"we're not true friends until i've sent you a pic of my double chin"
b'we\'re preparing you for the real world " i do not meant to alarm you but the real world has calculators'
b"we're so tumblr"
b"we're still in summer but obviously i have to get a cold.. -_-"
b"we're the kind of species who can operate a chainsaw, no problem and yet still stab ourselves with a stapler."
b"we should listen to each other's hearts - fall in love and never part."
b'we should really thank our dads for bringing us into this world since our moms were probably tired and not in the mood.'
b'yes and it makes me wanna puke. i love my parents but i did not even do that when i was little.'
b'we stay up late every night. regret it every morning. then do it again.'
b'weston looks sweet with that hat backwards.'
b'omg thats amazing amazing'
b'wet, foggy, and dark, sounds like a good combination of driving weather'
b'wet hair is definitely my next look'
b'we took steps to fix the problem. now all the steps are gone, and we are stranded upstairs.'
b'wettest summer in 100years... really?! you never would of guessed'
b'wet - weak (audio ) good music idea'
b'wet weather to continue through weekend - hawaii news now'
b"we've all got the day off - first time since ever - just had a family long-lunch at home - love my lil fam"
b'we\'ve all have had that one teacher who\'s like, " do not pack up yet, there\'s still 24 seconds of class left... "'
b"we've been busy working with some great brides! check out our new photos on"
b"we've got 3 years to wait. clear to me anyways that both fed/prov gov have shot"
b'we were playing ultimate frisbee in gym today and i tried to throw it straight and ended up throwing it at the wall beside me'
b'what 10 real doctors discovered inside of their patients will leave you speechless " this is extremely shocking!'
b'what a awesome snack after school like if you eat like dis'
b'what a beautiful day for a 5k'
b'what a beautiful day for state track expressionless face'
b'what a beautiful day to spend inside'
b'what a beautiful day to study calculus!'
b'what a busy morning it has been with over 600 residents checking out. farewell, good luck, have a great summer'
b'what a coincidence that everyone who is obsessed with the kardashian/jenner girls, also has the same iq as them...'
b'what a day'
b'what a day. i can not tell you how grateful i am for you guys. thank you for the love. \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'what a fantastic start to my day. pensive face'
b'what a fuckin niiiiiiiight. time to go home a study'
b'what a fun way to start the morning...'
b'what a grate move of god! thank you lord jesus for your present and love you poured out last night. to god be the glory. it was awesome!'
b'what a great afternoon this was to come together to celebrate the world surf reserve... thankfully the rain held off!'
b'what a great birthday!'
b'what a great christmas idea to keep little fingers busy in the kitchen!'
b'what a great confidence boost for this next exam.'
b'what a great day'
b'what a great day'
b'what a great day to be in bed doing nothing'
b'what a great fucking way to piss me off thanks'
b'what a great monday!'
b'what a great start to my day/week...'
b'what a great start to the morning... unamused face'
b'what a great support system i have'
b'what a great time to get sick right before leaving to hawaii weary face weary face sore throats are so bad'
b'what a great time to get sick - right before the christmas tests!'
b'what a great time to get sick :--)))'
b'what a great way to end my birthday'
b'what a great way to start off the day'
b'what am awesome day.'
b'what am i doing with my life'
b'what an awesome day off today was'
b'what a nice ending to my day'
b"what an inspiration this morning... woke me with let's dance song. who said house will not make you fall in love."
b'what an intense practice...'
b'what a perfect day for the fire alarm to go off in the union smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'what a pleasant way to start a wednesday. \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f unamused face'
b'what a productive day'
b'what are some good home remedies for dark spots?'
b'what are you doing? are you writing down everything i am saying?! is this gonna be a song?!?! " -anyone dating taylor swift'
b"what are you guys doing tonight? i got stuck babysitting a 12 -year -old who's way too into canned heat worry"
b'what a shocker i woke up sore disappointed face'
b"what a surprise, it's still raining expressionless face"
b'what a surprise.'
b'what a wonderful idea. " i saw the devil " remake coming up'
b'what beautiful passport photos i just took'
b'what beautiful weather'
b'what blooming use is that to me... still got extra 6 years to wait!'
b'what did barack obama said to michelle when he proposed? " i do not wanna be obama self... " ha *slaps knee *'
b'what did one orphan say to the other? " robin, get in the batmobile. "'
b'what did the llama say when he got kicked off the farm? alpaca my bags.'
b'what did the o said to the q? your dick is out.'
b'what did you get for christmas? " " fat'
b'what does a blonde do when her laptop computer freezes? she sticks it in the microwave.'
b'what does being a teenager mean to you? " " well... i can literally fall asleep anywhere now.'
b'what does not kill you makes you stronger. " what if i cut off your left leg, would that make you stronger. would it.'
b'what does stfu mean? " " shut the f *ck up " " damn dude, chill! i was just asking.'
b'what does the nurse do when your back is covered in hives? they put an ice pack on it'
b'what do people do with all the extra time they save by writing " k " instead of " ok "?'
b'what do you call a sleeping dinosaur a dinosnore ha ha ha someone date me pls'
b'what do you mean " 4 minute shower " it takes me 4 minutes to get the water to the right temperature smh'
b'what do you mean today is august? it was june like 3 weeks ago?'
b'what do you want to be when you grow up rich'
b'what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasore-ass'
b'what do you call someone who does not know how to use a condom? dad.'
b'what do you call someone with no body and a nose? nobody knows'
b'what do you do? " me : school, grocery store and home " no friends? do not you go out and have fun " me : i am not really here for fun, i am good'
b'what do you say to someone who points out your zipper is down? " ah, the cage is open but the beast is asleep. "'
b'what do you wanna say to my mom? i woke her up to make her listen ps - i love you'
b'whatever, rich people with wine cellars. i do not need any fancy shelves because i store my wine in my stomach like an adult.'
b"whatever you do, do not buy that decorative sheet that's supposed to go on your pillow, it's a sham."
b'whatever you do, in being the glory to and there are oh so many countless ways to do that just one'
b'what fucks me up the most is when a person knows exactly what you been through, promises to be different, and ends up being the same'
b'what great friends i have'
b'what happened when the monster stole a bottle of perfume? he was convicted of fragrancy. wow'
b'what happens when you put nutella on salmon you get salmonella hahahaha'
b'what... he\'s going to " work them over "... he thinks he\'s'
b"what idiot decided it should be my foot's asleep instead of coma toes?"
b"what i do not like about relationships is you gotta go through some shit to see how a mf really built. that's risky af lol"
b'what i do when im hungry : ( ) get up and get food (x ) moan like a dying whale until someone feeds me'
b'what if all taxi drivers are on the same conference call?'
b'what if all the boys were heading to the yard anyway, and the milkshake had nothing to do with it?'
b"what if birds aren't singing and they're screaming because they are afraid of heights"
b'what if cell phones are part of an elaborate plot to rid the world of phone booths so superman has nowhere to change?'
b'what if condoms had temporary tattoos on the inside like you rolled off the condom and there was a picture of a dinosaur on your dick.'
b'what if every band had the word gays in them? sleeping with gays, green gays, forever the gays, one direction, my gay romance'
b'what if every time you yawn, a ghost puts his dick in your mouth?'
b"what if extra-terrestrials think our movies are real and they're just waiting for will smith to die before they invade?"
b'what if firemen acted like policemen and just drove around shooting water at anyone who looked like they might catch on fire.'
b'what if i changed my name to i love u?then everyone would love me'
b'what if i got a boyfriend i would not know what to do what do they eat how often do they have to be walked'
b"what if love wasn't the act of finding what you were missing but the give-and -take that made you both match? - jodi picoult"
b'what if something happens, would not want you to be the reason for a shattered me.'
b'what if? : the question which stops me from being successful and rich.'
b'what if the stickers are the only thing made in china?'
b'what if we made a word that was just a letter but was like, 5 times that long " - guy who came up with queue'
b'what if we were all penguins and harry potter is a lie?'
b"what if when you die and your life flashes before your eyes it's just you sitting in front of your computer"
b"what if you get to heaven and jesus be like, 'naw bruh... remember you kept scrolling?"
b'what if you love that look but do not have years to wait for the floors to age naturally?'
b'what if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up you plug it into your computer and watch them over again'
b'what if you woke up w/ amnesia & all you could remember was your facebook password & you had to discover who you were based off your updates.'
b'what i hate most about twitter : finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commit.'
b'what i lack in good decisions, i make up for in inappropriate behavior.'
b'what i learned in class tonight :'
b'what i love about weekend i can wake up late i can stop studying and worrying about homework for a while.'
b'" you\'re getting an a in all your classes and your college tuition will be free good "'
b'what is a great feeling? knowing i can sleep in this week!'
b'what is going on with this weather?! could literally be sitting out here with a bathing suit on'
b'what is it like to not be exhausted in 24/7 i can not remember'
b'what is sleeping in on a sunday when people walk around like fucking elephants upstairs'
b'what is sleep?'
b'what is the respected amount of years to wait before unfollowing everyone you went to school with'
b"what is twerking?miley cyrus : it's a lot of booty. a lot of booty action. me : but you ain't got no ass though"
b'what i want for christmas \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'what i want to say versus what i need to say versus what i should say'
b'aww you did not go for the " molesting a woman " simulator? surprised you did not'
b'what love feels like when you do not have it'
b'what lovely news sleepy face'
b'what not to do on a first date : ask what gender they are.'
b'what people think i am doing when i am home alone vs. what i am actually doing'
b'whats a good face product for dark spots?'
b'whats a good highlight for dark skin?'
b'what\'s all this talk about " mayweather? " guys, this is fall weather!'
b"what screws us up most in life is that picture in our head of how it's supposed to be"
b"what's going on with the ama's? i am still rewinding and replaying the part when jlo was twerking & dry humping the floor in that one piece."
b'what should i do if i get caught about my feelings in front of you. when i see you, my heart flutters, i want to step forward step by step ~'
b"what's it called when you can not commit to a girl for more than a month but you've been using the same brand toothpaste for 15 years?"
b"what's motivation is it a pokemon can i catch it"
b"what's something you're not very good at but enjoy doing anyway? \xe2\x80\x94 art. art is hart"
b'what starts with p & ends with orn? popcorn what starts with f & ends with uck? firetruck. what starts with g & ends with ay? justin bieber'
b"what's that thing called where ur crush likes you back oh yes imagination"
b"what's the difference between a knife and a girls argument? a knife has a point."
b"what's the difference between my ex and the titanic? the titanic only went down on 1,000 people"
b"what's the hold up on making extremely heavy shoes for toddlers so they can not run around so much?"
b"what's the point of a high school reunion? i have facebook. i already know you got fat."
b'what\'s the three words you never want to hear while making love? " honey, i am home. "'
b'what\'s wrong? " " oh it\'s personal " then why\'d you post it to facebook?'
b'what\'s your favorite position in bed? " near the wall so i can use my phone while it\'s charging'
b'what the heck does the " z " in " lolz " mean... " laugh out loud... zebras? "'
b'what these pv student do not know is i will hit them! keep hoping in this street!'
b'what they say : " wow, you\'re really photogenic. " what they mean : " wow, this looks nothing like how ugly you actually are. "'
b'what time is it?.. " " there\'s a clock right there " " did i ask you where the clock was?'
b'what to get ur girl? fuzzy socks bath bombs sweatshirts perfume flowers all things pink and vs & do not forget the one free kiss coupon'
b'what was it like being raised by satan, people who leave the clicks on while texting?'
b'what we think they want : heavy black heart what they actually want : money mouth face'
b"what? why is this bitch in the trunk? i mean i am glad she's dead but... why she in the trunk? what happened?"
b'what wonderful weather we are having right now'
b'what you want to be married to me anyhow? so i can kiss you anytime i want'
b'when a bird hits your window have you ever wondered if god is playing angry birds with you?'
b'when a boy says " you need to work for another drink "'
b'when a cute boy sneezes i dont say bless you because i see that god already has'
b'when a girl asks you a question she most likely already knows the answer to it so do not lie smile'
b"when a girl changes in front of you : a ) she is really interested in you b ) you're level 99 friend zoned c ) she's pretty sure you're gay"
b'when a girl replies with " aww thanks ", it means she is politely telling you to return to the friend zone you just tried escaping from.'
b'when a girl says " do whatever you want " do not do whatever you want.'
b'when a girl says " have fun " to a boy, it usually means : " have a fucking horrible time. "'
b'when a girl says, " if you can not handle me at my worst, you do not deserve me at my best! " it basically means she\'s fucking psycho.'
b'when a girl says " lol have fun " do not have fun. abort mission. i repeat. abort mission'
b"when a girl says she'll be ready in 5 more minutes, she's using the same time scale as when a guy says the game has 5 minutes left."
b'when a girl says ; " sorry, phone is dying bye " an idiot would say " okay bye " but a true guy would say, " please go get your charger smile "'
b"when a guy is walking funny :10% he's injured. 90% he's trying to unstick his balls from his leg."
b'when a guy says he " just wants to be friends " he means with your vagina.'
b'when a guy texts a girl " hey stranger ", what he really means is " i\'ve recently thought about trying to get in your pants again. "'
b'when a hot dad comes through your till at work and you go take a sip of ur tea and you miss ur mouth and your tea spills all over u... lol bye'
b'when all your friends change their fantasy football team names to colts are 0 -2... have fun in the playoffs boys'
b'when & take like a 100 pictures on your phone while your at work.. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"when a man says he'd do anything for a woman he means he'd stop bullets and kill dragons, not clean the basement or wash the dishes."
b"when a random professor says that a girl to you and you're like thank you i love being talked to like a stubborn pony"
b'when a teacher and a student start arguing in class and you just think " holy fuck, this is gonna be good! "'
b"when a becomes an it's because they god ; it's because they've learned enough to longer believe god exists."
b'when attractive people compliment me on things i get suspicious because remember when regina george complimented that one girl on her skirt'
b"when a white girl is drunk she'll hit you, hate you, love you and suck your dick all in the same 22 minutes"
b'when a woman asks you for your opinion all she really wants to hear is her opinion repeated word for word but in your voice instead'
b"when a woman asks you to guess her age, it's like deciding whether to cut the blue, red, or green wire to diffuse a bomb."
b'when a woman says " i have my reasons ". what she really means is " i do not need a reason i am a woman ".'
b'when a woman says, " what? ", it\'s not because she did not hear you. she\'s giving you a chance to change what you said.'
b"when babe does something dumb but you still think they're cute"
b'when bae calls you stupid & you laugh it away but deep inside you really are stupid, ugly & friendzoned heavy black heart'
b'when bae calls you " bae/baby " in the middle of an argument so you know they still love you'
b"when bae changes her name to 'facebook user ' because she liked your 'hi ' smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'when choosing a path in life, try to avoid the psychopaths.'
b'when cleaning my house :1% cleaning 30% complaining 69% playing with stuffs that i just found'
b'when coach texts us saying we still have practice in the pouring rain... yay. i love being cold and soaking wet.. expressionless face face with cold sweat'
b'when congress approves the coins instead of dollars bill there will be massive amounts of injured strippers'
b'when crush invites you to play candy crush & you start debating to urself that am i the only 1? & then your bro shows the same notific and you cry'
b'when conveniently forgets his wallet when he says he is paying'
b'when did my upstairs neighbors turn into raging elephants lmk?'
b'when did the elephants move in upstairs'
b'when did we replace the word " said " with " was like "'
b'whenever i am out somewhere there is a 99% chance i am thinking about going home and sleeping'
b'whenever i am walking behind someone slower than me, i take it as an opportunity to practice my pimp walk.'
b"whenever i delete an app on my iphone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting deleted."
b'whenever i delete text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'whenever i drink i turn into jason bourne. i can not remember much, fighting comes naturally, and i have a sudden need to evade the law.'
b"whenever i drive past the psychic's empty parking lot, i think, if i was psychic i would only be open on the days i knew people were coming."
b'whenever i erase text messages, i feel like i am deleting evidence.'
b'when ever i get a headache i take two tablet of aspirin and keep away from children just like the bottle says.'
b'whenever i go to subway, when they ask if i would like my sandwich toasted, i say yes & then i raise my cup of coke & say, " to my sandwich! "'
b'whenever i have a problem, i sing. then i realize that my voice is a lot worse than my problem'
b'whenever i lock my car up i always press the remote lock button twice in a row to let all nearby thieves know that i mean business.'
b"whenever i am on the phone with someone i like to scream wait do not hang up right as they're hanging up & then not answer when they call back"
b'whenever i see a bruised apple at the market, i give it a soft hug and gently whisper " who did this to you? "'
b'whenever i select next-day delivery for an online purchase, i imagine someone, somewhere, yells f *ck really loud then people scurry like mad'
b'whenever i think my life is going well then my life decides to fuck everything up'
b"whenever it rains the bottom of my pants get soaking wet walking around school bc they're too long for my legs"
b'whenever i try cleaning my room i either end up making a bigger mess or just playing with the stuff i thought i lost.'
b'whenever i try to plug my phone in in the dark i realize how hard it is for a boy to lose his virginity " face with tears of joy weary face'
b'whenever it\'s 5 minutes till my shift end i am ready asf to press " shift end " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'whenever people get excited about a new advance in technology, i like to shake my head sadly and say, " did you even see wall -e? "'
b"whenever someone asks me to sign their cast, i always write : 'last warning, you have a week to get the money together. '"
b'whenever someone says, " it\'s getting hot in here " i automatically think, " so take off all your clothes. "'
b'whenever someone unfollows me i wonder what tweet it was that made them say " you know what fuck this bitch "'
b'whenever you feel sad, just remember that somewhere in this world there\'s an idiot pulling a door that says " push ".'
b'whenever you feel sad just remember that there are billions of cells in your body and all they care about is you.'
b'whenever you\'re feeling down, just remember, there\'s some kid out there right now getting caught masturbating by his mom. "'
b"whenever you're sad just remember that you do not look like you did in 6th grade."
b'when girls call their boyfriends " daddy " i just want to vomit all over their existence'
b'when girls upload all these hashtags and then delete them 2 mins later... ur so cool with ur likes'
b'when girls wear yoga pants i feel like a ghost from mario. uncontrollably attracted when they turn away, but frozen when they look at me.'
b"when god made raccoons he was like do you want to be an old timey burglar or a trash digger. too slow. you're both now."
b'when god was throwing intelligence down to the earth, you were holding an umbrella.'
b'when going on a roller coaster bring nuts and bolts with u, lean over to the person in front and say, shit dude these came out of your seat!'
b'when gta v comes out.. girl : " hey " boy : " sorry, i have gta v "'
b'when guys have bigger attitude problems than girls. woohooo'
b'when he calls you darlin and does not even know that is the sexiest thing i absolutely love being called'
b"when he gets my hair done but my nosey ass wanna be at fights in the rain and now it's back curly face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"when he gives you the wifi password, you know it's getting serious"
b'when he says " you\'re nothing like other girls i\'ve talked to. " & you have to play it off because you\'re worse.'
b'when he taking a long time to text you back unamused face'
b"when he thinks you're sleeping so he starts being a hoe on the tl"
b'when hoes say new school year new me they really mean new niggas, new dick.'
b'when hugh hefner dies, nobody will say " he\'s in a better place now. "'
b'when hate on me, it does make me want to return to theism ; it makes me really glad that i got out.'
b"when i agree with someone, it's for 1 of 2 reasons.. either i do agree with them, or i agreed so they can shut the hell up."
b'when i ask ashley to make me food and i am standing here cooking dinner while she showers...'
b"when i call my parents and they do not answer, it's no big deal. but when they call me and i do not answer, it's like world war iii"
b'when i clear my calculator i press the button at least 10 times just to be sure.'
b'when i come home 4 the holidays i throw on the table & say " look we\'re keeping the thermostat at 70, and we\'re turning on some lights. "'
b"when i come home and there's no food to eat"
b'when i come home too no food face with tears of joy unamused face'
b'when i die, i hope i get to see my killcam.'
b'when i die i want someone to come to my funeral dressed up as the grim reaper.'
b'when i die please punch everyone who says " i wish i got to know them better "'
b'when i do not have a condom i use a subway foot long bag.'
b'when i draw birds, i draw flying mustaches.'
b"when i drop my phone, i act like i've dropped a new born baby."
b'when i feel spontaneous i just look at my bank account and it tells me to calm the fuck down. \xf0\x9f\x98\x96\xf0\x9f\x98\xa9\xf0\x9f\x92\xb3'
b'when i find it, i do not need it when i need it, i can not find it'
b'when i first made a twitter i did not understand it at all. now i can not live without it.'
b"when i get bored, i always end up thinking about stuff and getting upset when i know damn well i shouldn't"
b'when i get comfortable with people i start using them as pillows and foot rests.'
b'when i get home from school i take a 5 hour nap then wake up and stay up all night and be tired in the morning all over again. fml'
b'when i get mad, i get really buff and my hair turns blond and spiky. i am just saiyan.'
b"when i get married, divorce is not an option. you're mad? take your ass in the other room & calm down, because we're going to work this out."
b'when i get married i want my future husband to give me " the look " smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'when i give people a tour of my bedroom, i like to say, " and this is where the magic happens, " followed by a sad, "... magic isn\'t real. "'
b'when i go to bed, half the time i am not really sleeping. i am usually lying there making up scenerios in my head.'
b"when i go to someone's house & they tell me to make myself at home, the first thing i do is throw them out because i do not like visitors."
b"when i have a kid my only argument will be shut up you're like 12"
b'when i have money, i have nothing to buy. when i do not have money, i want everything.'
b'when i have nothing to do my bf always tells me to study. unamused face smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when i hear myself eating crunchy food, i wonder if people can hear it too.'
b"when i help someone carry their groceries, i assume i'll get a tip. if not, i grab a bag and run! let me start over. i steal groceries."
b'when i left rr it was 76 and dry in shorts, a tank top, and sandals and it is now 49 and pouring in san marcos smile good me'
b'when i like someone, they do not like me.? when someone likes me, i do not like them.?'
b'when i look at people that are my age and have everything figured out i am just like how the actual fuck and then i cry'
b'when i lose " who cares it\'s only a game "... when i win " ha in your face loser! "'
b'when i made sopa de caracol i burnt it and ruined the carpet cause i put the hot pot on it and my family always likes to make fun of me expressionless face'
b'when i am alone in my house, every sound is a ghost.'
b'when i am alone, i think and think and think. when i am bored, i eat and eat and eat.'
b'when i am at a restaurant, i finish my drink before the meal even arrives.'
b'when i am bored nobody texts me. when i am busy i am the most popular person on the planet. -__ -'
b'when i am in a good mood i act like i am in a bad mood so nobody approaches me and ruins my good mood.'
b'when i missing you i close my eyes smile deeply and pretend that you are now infront of me giving all your love just for me smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'when i am loud, people tell me to be quiet. but when i am quiet, people ask me why do not i talk at all. -. -'
b'when i am mad at people i find joy in not saying bless you after they sneeze.'
b'when im mad i have a attitude every body for any lil thing'
b'when i am not allowed to use my phone at work i touch my phone in my pocket like frodo does the precious.'
b'when i am on the phone with my mom : me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : bye me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok me : ok'
b'when i am really mad i either cry or catch a big ass attitude but when i am like extremely mad i just act calm and start laughing.'
b'when im single nobody wants me but in a relationship im suddenly hot af'
b'when i am stuck babysitting'
b'when i am with you i am all about you and will always be all about you'
b'when in doubt, squat " face with tears of joy'
b'when i remember i have homework'
b'when i reply " lol okay " im probably not laughing and its definitely not okay'
b"when i saw dancers dry humping the floor, i immediately thought of magcon boys and if that's their future calling"
b'when i say " i cleaned my room ", i usually mean i made a path from my door to my bed.'
b'when i say " i\'ll think about it ", what i really mean is, " i\'ll forget about it completely until you bring it up again. "'
b'when i say " it\'s a long story " it usually means i just dont want to tell you it.'
b'when i say " i wont tell anyone " my bestfriend doesnt count'
b'when i see a flash mob in public i immediately join in to make it seem like they did not practice enough.'
b'when i see a girl with a lot of makeup, i just wanna to use my finger & write " wash me " on her face.'
b"when i see a plate of food, i eat it, rather than photograph it like a dangerous psychopath with no respect for god's law."
b"when i see lovers ' names carved in a tree, i do not think it's cute. i just find it strange how many people have knives on a date."
b"when i see my cat watching out the window, fascinated, i sit beside her and say, 'look, simba. everything the light touches is our kingdom. '"
b'when i see people drinking at 11 am on a friday i am like, where do you work and are they hiring?'
b'when i see people let their kids cough n sneeze n not tell em cover their mouth'
b"when i see 'please drink responsibly ' i assume they mean 'don't spill this shit, it's delicious. '"
b'when i see someone walking more than one dog i always think, " wow, that person must be really blind. "'
b'when is great-looking woman in commercial dumping that guy or team eliminated from playoffs? so tired of that commercial!'
b'when i sing with my headphones in i think, " why do not i have a record deal? " then i take them out and then i know why'
b'when i sleep less than 8 hours i am exhausted and want to die, but when i sleep more than 8 hours i am exhausted and want to die.'
b'when i start to study, all the good tv shows begin'
b'when it comes to the weather, it literally goes from 0 to 100 real quick'
b'when i told alexis i was taking her to home coming hahahaha'
b'when i try to go home early and my flight gets canceled :))))) thanks'
b'when i try to wake up = i want to sleep again, when i try to go to bed = i am wide awake.'
b"when it's allowed to use your phones during classes lol good"
b"when it's day 3 of clinical in a row & you wanna sleep but 5am is life & you do not get paid & you're salty"
b"when it's raining but you still watering your grass face with tears of joy"
b"when it's the first day of the tri and you already have homework"
b"when its the third episode of season two and you're already fucked up. thanks"
b"when i wake up should be in jersey and i've never been more excited"
b'when i wake up it will be time for have not been this excited to sleep since last christmas'
b"*when i wake up* me : i am taking a nap after school *at school* me : i cant wait to take that nap *when i get home* me : *doesn't take a nap *"
b'when i was a kid they did not call it " behavioral disorders ", they called it " being a little brat ".'
b'when i was born god gave me two choices, either a big dick or a good memory. up to this day i still can not remember what i told him.'
b'when i was kid, my social network was called " outside ".'
b'when i was younger i used to draw the sun in the corner of the paper. always.'
b'when i was young i used to want to marry a doctor for the money. now i just want the prescriptions.'
b'when i was your age, we drank water straight out of the sink.'
b'when i woke up the weather was fine... 20 minutes later it was freezing and pouring... yay... i guess'
b'when justin calls us beliebers is like being called baby by someone you love but its a better feeling'
b"when life gets you down, just remember : it's never too early or too late for a nap."
b'when life gives you lemons. life probably stole those lemons from some nice old lady. because life is an asshole.'
b'when life knocks me down, instead of getting back up i usually lay there and take a nap.'
b'when miley cyrus is naked and licks a hammer it\'s " art " and " music "... but when i do it, i am " wasted " and " have to leave home depot "'
b'when my brothers are fighting and i get yelled at, i love that shit'
b'when my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when i am sad, they only say " oh sorry " or " well that sucks " assholes -. -'
b'when my girlfriend and i fight, i tighten the top to every jar and bottle in the house. just so i can say " oh yeah, you need me now, huh? "'
b'when my hair is too long i just want a hair cut after getting a hair cut, i miss having long hair, i can not understand myself'
b'when my hair looks good :3%: at school 7%: at home 90%: when i am about to shower'
b'when my mom asks " when are you going to start passing ur classes? "'
b'*when my parents are asleep* me - " shh! they\'re sleeping "... *when i am asleep* parents - " let\'s vacuum the house for 3 hours "'
b'when my tio tells me all last minute that the club they are going is 18 and over but im stuck babysitting great!.. unamused face unamused face'
b"when my wife starts to sing i always go out and do some garden work so our neighbors can see there's no domestic violence going on."
b"when nobody dont love you back that's the worst feeling"
b'when nobody texts me'
b'when nothing goes right, go left'
b'when ny internet is not working so basically you all get double updates 5 seconds of summer'
b"when one door closes another one opens. or you could jut re-open the closed door. because that's how doors work."
b'when packing for break turns into 2 hours (and counting ) of hard core cleaning your room'
b"when people are being jerks and then they're all please love me or see she loves me i can keep being a jerk bam bam and boo boo mfeo"
b'when people are smiling and they try to stop smiling but they can not stop smiling dear god that is the most beautiful thing in this world'
b"when people ask a dumb question, i feel that it's my duty to give a sarcastic answer."
b'when people ask me " plz " because it\'s shorter than " please " i tell them " no " because it\'s shorter than " yes "'
b'when people do not answer your questions that are actually really important'
b'when people do not text me in a long time then hmu loudly crying face'
b'when people give me directions i tend to concentrate very hard on trying to look attentive and i forget to listen.'
b"when people hurt you over & over, think of them as sandpaper. they scratch & hurt you, but in the end you're polished & they're all used up."
b'when people like a photo of my crush it makes me want to physically choke them lol'
b'when people remember small details about you &gt ;'
b'when people say, " when i was little i... " and i `m just sitting there awkwardly like, " damn i still do that... "'
b'when people suck the life out of you, would not it be nice if they took some fat, too?'
b'when people take a long time to hit you with a text back'
b'when people talk shit and run their mouth about shit then lie to your face real good bestfriend you were'
b'when people tell me what to do : uhm its my life and fuck off'
b'when people tell me " you\'re gonna regret that in the morning " i sleep in til noon, because i am a problem solver'
b'when people think i care... lol no re-evaluate your life bitch'
b'when people think they can fuck me over i already cut them out of my life'
b"when people treat you like shit then want you to do something for them. like totally, i'll for sure help you out"
b'when people try and hurt my feelings like i have none sorry lmao'
b'when picking a song to represent your relationship, go for something obscure in case you ever break up. mine is the national anthem of peru.'
b'when ppl favorite sexual twitter things and it comes up on my feed \xf0\x9f\x98\xb3\xf0\x9f\x98\xb3'
b'when pretty people think there not pretty'
b'when read notifications show they read your message yet they ignore you... ok thanks, i appreciate the rejection'
b'when and i get the same score on an ap macro test, but she\'s told " great job " and i am told " good "'
b'when and are poppin tonight but i can not watch because i am not caught up and i have to finish this lab report'
b"when she's so beautiful that you are ready to apologize her twice even if she cheats on you."
b'when sleeping becomes a chore loudly crying face weary face'
b'when somebody says " 10 years ago " i think about the 90\'s instead of 2003'
b'when somebody tries to facetime you but you ugly af at the moment so you ignore it face with rolling eyes face with tears of joy'
b'when someone asks you, " what\'s your fucking problem? " 94% of the time your problem is the person asking you the question. it\'s science.'
b'when someone invites you to their wedding, do not tell then you " can not go, but you will go to the next one. " apparently it\'s rude.'
b'when someone is murdered, they always investigate the spouse 1st. and that pretty much tells you everything you need to know about marriage.'
b'when someone looks over my shoulder while i am on the computer, i open up a new tab and start searching, " how to kill the person behind me. "'
b"when someone's about to bring you a sad message but you have to wait hours for it in school because of different timzones"
b'when someone says something is great, i take that as a personal challenge to not enjoy it.'
b'when someone says " surprise me ", i immediately drop my pants and start singing its raining men.'
b'when someone says " you mean so much to me " i get so happy like woah i do? thank you and god bless you'
b'when someones telling a story and all you can think is lie lie lie lie unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when someone tells you to, " expect the unexpected ", slap them in the face and ask them if they expected it.'
b'when someone wears that one cologne where all you want to do is bury your face in their chest and sniff because they smell that damn good.'
b'when someone yells " shotgun! " i yell " rosa parks! " sit down and refuse to move.'
b"when someone you have not talked to in weeks, months, or years randomly texts you, and you're like, what the hell made you think about me?"
b'when something funny happens i can guarantee you i am that one friend who keeps laughing even though everyone else stopped 10 minutes ago'
b'when something hurts but you do not want to be selfish so you say nothing. story of my life.'
b"when something says 'easy open ' i end up using scissors, knives, a hammer, gun and a laser blade."
b'when sports world was still in kitchener. our favorite place.'
b'when spotify tryin to be all cute and pauses one of your favorite songs for no reason...'
b'when suddenly you realize you only shaved one leg... expressionless face'
b'when sum1 ask for advice an they turn it around being by sayin i already know. me personally would be like. why tf you ask me then.'
b'when teachers give you homework on the first day'
b'when tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the fire department usually uses water.'
b'when the clock factory burned, there was some second hand smoke.'
b"when the fire alarm goes off in short/denny and it's raining outside, we stay inside."
b'when the fire alarm in deg is perfectly timed with the rain starting to pour'
b'when the group chat was lit af last night, but you go to bed at 9:30'
b"when the hillcrest fire alarm goes off at 6am & you evacuate the building.. that's when you know it's going to be a great day."
b'when the jp version goes down for one hour we get 5 love gems by the end of the day. heh'
b'when the am of mtv was for music & not for maternity... those were the days.'
b"when the nurse calls my name at the doctor's office, i like to run through the waiting room like i got called on the price is right."
b"when the only light in your world is suddenly gone... it's time to recharge your phone."
b'when the panera crew is arguing with each other and the best come back that shuts us right up is " i hope you get a line " expressionless face that means war.'
b'when the people that live upstairs are elephants'
b'when the rain and your hair get in a fight and your hair loses wastebasket'
b"when there is a cute ass dude on the bus in front of you but you're too big of an insecure child to even make eye contact \xf0\x9f\x98\x85good job me"
b"when there's no toilet paper"
b"when there's no topic left to talk so you start talking about world politics and astronomy."
b'when the sun goes down i know that you and me and everything will be alright one direction'
b'when the sun goes down you can rest your love on me'
b'when the teacher already throwing homework at you, on the first day of school'
b'when the teacher starts assigning homework and quizzes on the first day of school (vine by )'
b'when the water starts getting cold and you only shaved one leg.'
b"when the weather's like this it makes it waaay easier getting out if bed \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'when the white boys at my school dont understand my hair is paid for so i reuse to get it wet!'
b'when the white girl tells crazy eyes that they can run away forever and crazy eyes says "... but dinner is at 4:30 " me af girl'
b"when things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting."
b'when this is the first day since sunday you have not had to do homework'
b'when those " friends " do not text back for a long time, then finally you see them in person.'
b'when you called off your shift but your boss does not take it off your pay smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes i love him \xf0\x9f\x98\xad\xf0\x9f\x92\x99'
b"when you come home from work and there's no food in your fridge pensive face"
b'when you get a text saying dont be arguing so you gotta be the bigger person cause he older then you and he knows whats best'
b"when you get home for break and all ur relatives start asking about how school's going or if you have a boyfriend yet"
b'when you get out of the shower and realize you only shaved one leg smile'
b'when you get stuck babysitting ur drunk roommate on a saturday night unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when you go to school but come back from a wet tshirt contest'
b'when you have a high ass fever and have to puke but you love mrs. linden'
b'when you have a water balloon fight during class so you get wet and have to borrow a t -shirt from the school like smells like cigarettes'
b"when you hve someone to love, a job tht u're looking forward to do every single morning you woke up. u're living ur life."
b'when you like the lyrics of a love song and you are too ugly to sing it in front of ur friends. - pradeep'
b'when you live in a place known to be wet and always raining. ur driving on the road and the sprinklers are watering the grass'
b'when you need to talk about something but you already talk about it way too much and do not want to annoy anyone'
b"when ur bra and panties match and ur just like hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fuckin ' right fuckin ' right all right"
b'when you realise that one direction have officially fucked up your entire life, thanks boys'
b'when ur in class taking notes on ur laptop but get distracted by twitter'
b'when ur iphone charger starts wearing a turtle neck you know the end is near'
b'when ur mom starts yelling at you & the first thing you do is hide ur phone smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when ur parents been saying " they bout to leave now " for the past 30 mins and then start up another conversation'
b'when ur parent tells you to be home at a certain time and it\'s already passed that time so you hit them with the " we are eating "'
b'when ur sad always remember that you don \xc2\x92t look like you did in 6th grade'
b'when ur waiting for bae to quit being mean as fuck and love you'
b'when you see your hs sweetheart look so different you ask for id. get it h look nothing like the actress thought was hot'
b'when you sneeze and more than one person says bless you'
b'when you stand up 2 fast n suddenly ur floatin thru space n time'
b'when you walk into a frat and see two people dry humping each other'
b'when we act like jerks the only people we hurt are the ones that love us the most'
b"when we argue i'd love it of you just lost the argument and hugged me and we just got on good terms again"
b'when we not arguing i swear he is my best friend'
b"when we were together, you always said you'd die for me. now that we've broke up, i think it's time you kept your promise!"
b'when will they ever attempt to sleep earlier than 12am'
b"when y'all first start talking & he's apologizes for the argument you started vs after being together for awhile"
b'when yo friends dumb as hell but cute.'
b'when you and your dad tell each other chemistry jokes for fun face with tears of joy grinning face with smiling eyes'
b'when you are no longer covered in hives, the possibilities are endless!'
b'when you are so desperate you go to the second page of google results'
b'when you are so ugly that your mother puts a dp of your childhood pic with her, cropping you out.'
b'when you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?'
b'when you awkwardly see your on night stand 3 years later... oh hey how you doing?'
b'when you & bae are both stubborn & sarcastic af smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you can not find your phone because you left it someplace stupid like in the car or your non-dominant hand.'
b"when you can not post anything on any social networks because you're pretending to be asleep smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'when you care more about keeping friendships going than your friends smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you come home and there is no food in the fridge. (vine by )'
b'when you cough up blood but no one is home so you just have to wait'
b'when you do not get the memo that your friend changed his number and you text it after a long time. lol face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when you do not have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.'
b'when you do not have classes on mondays, wednesdays, or fridays next semester'
b'when you feel thirsty, remember, 70% of my body is water so man up!'
b'when you finally get to cleaning your room and it end up a disaster again like for real?'
b'when you finally get your room clean but in the end getting stuck with baskets of laundry to do...'
b'when you find mold in the back of your history textbook smile'
b"when you forget the 'hot ' part of hot & sour soup and take a sip."
b'when you get caught fixing your plate after they said " let the kids eat first "'
b"when you get cheated on, the first thing you should do is take them on jeremy kyle.. obviously that's the logical solution"
b'when you get outta work and come home to no food smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you get stuck babysitting all of the drunk children smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when you get your hair laid and the humidity from the rain makes every curl drop.'
b'when you glad your did not go to chicago... just got something that changed my life smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you got curly hair & you get your hair straightened & them roots start curling up. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you had a scare cause you thought you lost your black and red pens for clinical smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'when you hate someone everything they do annoys you... " look at her eating that cracker like she owns this place "'
b'when you have 0 8ams and no classes on fridays next semester victory hand'
b'when you have 0 motivation left to finish the end of school smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you have a dark side, nothing is ever as good as it seems. -'
b"when you have an infected cuticle and you're trying to type paper"
b'when you have homework to do.. before : take out pen and start doing. now : let me tweet about it first! *tweet : gonna do homework now *'
b'when you have not eaten all day and you come home to no food crying face crying face crying face crying face crying face'
b"when you have to finish the office by yourself cause your girlfriend couldn't wait for you... cough cough cough cough"
b'when you have to make a hard decision, flip a coin.. why? because when that coin is in the air, you suddenly know what you are hoping for'
b"when you have to wake up in 2. 5 hours but you're just too excited to sleep"
b'when you hear a recording of your voice and you wonder how you have any friends'
b'when you just want to be left alone person bowing deeply smiling face with smiling eyes face savouring delicious food'
b'when you kiss bitches in front of your girlfriend, and she still fuck with you face throwing a kiss i wish shit was still like this'
b'when you know something doesnt fit in the fridge but you force the door shut and let it fall out on someone else'
b'when you know you absolutely need to study but you mentally can not'
b"when you know you ain't gettin sleep today because you gotta dye your hair & go to your nephews school thingy such fun good"
b"when you know you typed ur password wrong but you hit enter still hoping it's correct"
b'when you lose your cellphone in your blankets and then have to throw the blanket around till it falls out.'
b'when you make memes for living and tell your bae that you are a digital marketing expert.'
b'when you miss someone but gotta cut them off for your own well being. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when you need to stand up to do your homework in order to not fall asleep i love high school'
b'when you only have classes monday - wednesday next semester good college'
b'when you pick a name for your kid, type it in microsoft word first. if the red squiggly line shows up, please reconsider.'
b'when you realise you too cute to be sad about a dumb boy'
b'when you realize in the middle of driving you legit havent been paying attention, how am i alive? who gave me a license?'
b'when you realize that you will never be like beyonc\xc3\xa9... loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'when you realize there are puppies with more instagram followers than you'
b'when you realize when you wake up it will be monday'
b'when you realize you only shaved one leg'
b"when you're arguing and they're making valid points... so you hit them with the next best thing : tears crying face"
b'*when you\'re at someone\'s house* normal people : " what a lovely house! " me : " what\'s your wifi password? "'
b"when you're broke af but continue to spend money on food. smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"when you're cleaning your room and come across 2009 high school yearbooks"
b"when you're doing nothing and yet you're sweating hahahahaha lol how great is that?"
b"when you're driving and nicki minaj is on all 3 radio stations at the exact same time, there's nothing left to do except crash your car."
b"when you're high and you come home to no food pouting face"
b"when you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. but when you're single nothing"
b"when you're in bed and you can not sleep so you just lay there making mental movies of perfect scenario's in life."
b"when you're in love, you can not fall asleep because reality is finally (obviously ) than the dream"
b"when you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think, they're killing my family, and i'll have to fight the attacker naked."
b"when you're literally so exhausted but your 8 am has a policy that if you just miss one class it's 5 points off your final grade tired face"
b"when you're looking fresh to go out but realize you only shaved one leg"
b"when you're married how rewarding will it be to get to crawl into bed and cuddle with the person you love at the end of every exhausting day"
b"when you're on your period and you sneeze or cough"
b"when you're really pissed and over everything and you're upset. those emotions do not mix well let me tell ya"
b'when youre really sick with love & you saw some love birds are acting cute in front of u, it really makes you wanted to puke as much as you can smile'
b"when you're sad just remember that you do not look like you did in 6th grade"
b"when you're so broke but you still continue to spend money on food?"
b"when you're starving and you come home to no food.. weary face"
b"when you're stuck babysitting because you're dads in the er"
b"when you're stuck babysitting so ur parents could go on a date so you have to cancel ur plans but your friends love you so they come over \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f"
b"when you're supposed to be cleaning your room but you put music on and end up choreographing every dance you listen to"
b"when you're taking a test and look at someone else's test and its nothing like yours"
b"when you're trying to listen to a song online and you find out its someone singing a cover in the worst way ever lol"
b"when you're wearing shorts and you sit down and your thighs suddenly expand to the size of texas"
b'when your ex see you doing good they send you that popular text " hey stranger, long time "... yeah we been done... long time face with stuck out tongue and winking eye face with tears of joy \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'when your friend is trying to set you up with someone hot face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when your girlfriend is the best ever and you can not wait to spend every holiday with her.'
b'when your girls mad at you she starts using correct grammar better than an english teacher. him : you good babe her : yup, i am fine.'
b"when your girl thought that you must be busy with some important work and couldn't come online but in reality your internet charge got over."
b'when your group report is on dialysis but one of your groupmates does her part on the diet for dysrhythmias. ugh'
b'when your hungry af but its the night you come home from vacation with no food in the fridge \xf0\x9f\x98\xa7\xf0\x9f\x98\xa7'
b"when your level of sarcasm is so advanced that people think you're serious."
b'when your mom always complaining about your attitude but you get it from her smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'when your mom finds out you lied about cleaning your room'
b"when your mom goes partying for her 40th birthday in tunisia and you're stuck at home reading books, living the life"
b'when your momma taught you to look both ways she did not mean be two faced.'
b'when your new teacher tries to speak english and you can not decide whether to write or listen.'
b'when your night class gets cancelled and you already do not have classes on fridays so your weekend starts at 12:30 on thursday'
b'when your on the phone and its silent \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d.. girl'
b'when your on your period and you sneeze'
b'when your parents call you to tell you they are going out meanwhile your stuck babysitting until midnight'
b'when your phone battery is 1% and you\'re running to the phone charger like " stay with me buddy! dammit we\'re losing him "'
b'when your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher. well done team.'
b'when your relative gifts you an expensive watch and you do not wear it because your classmates might think from where did you steal it.'
b"when your school puts a wet floor sign outside while it's raining... face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'when your sister lets you use the v and trust you without the license that love face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'when your stuck babysitting instead of going to a party unamused face'
b'when your teacher gives a 20 minute speech about not wasting time'
b'when your teacher plans a test on the day you have only 25 mins in each class... great... thanks for that'
b'when your worst lab is cancelled tmr afternoon you bet your ass i am getting wasted to that tonight'
b'when you see a group of girls having an argument'
b'when you see a man opening a car door for a woman it can only mean 1 of 2 things. either the car is new or the wife is.'
b'when you send a " you up " text and it gets no reply'
b'when you spell a word so wrong that spell check is like i do not know what to tell you man.'
b'when you spend the day thinking of someone you have not spoken to in a long time and you want to text them, then they send the first msg unamused face unamused face unamused face unamused face'
b'when you start liking someone : " ah fuck "'
b'when you start to hate someone, everything they do begins to annoy you... them : *cough*you : " oooohhh my gooooooddddddd "'
b'when you start writing on paper without margins and this happens'
b"when you stay up till 2 am the past 4 nights and still ain't getting your homework done..."
b'when you tell a lie, think of it as peeing in the pool. let it out slow. do not let facial expressions give you away.'
b'when you think about it, the little old man behind the curtain in oz was the original catfish.'
b"when you think you're about to come home and eat but there's no food in your kitchen. expressionless face"
b'when you truly do not care what the fuck anyone thinks of you, you have reached a dangerously awesome level of freedom.'
b'when you try so hard with someone who you really care about & know yourself your getting no were \xf0\x9f\x98\x94!'
b"when you try to improve your marks but your life's even worse. that's education."
b"when you've been covered in hives for 3 weeks you accumulate the local convince stores itch isle and more"
b"when you've nothing on your face to be proud of, so you start wearing expensive spectacles."
b"when you wait at the highschool to pick up a friend cause you're a badass friend :, )"
b"when you wait for a waiter in the restaurant, aren't you a waiter?"
b'when you wake up from a power nap and have no idea what day, month or year it is'
b"when you wanna go out but you're stuck babysitting a grown ass man"
b'when you want them, they do not want you. when they want you, you do not want them. when you both want each other, something messes it up.'
b'when you want to go to bed early cuz youre tired, but you cant cuz you have to study!'
b'when you want to hang out with your friends but your stuck babysitting'
b'when you want to sleep more but the upstairs neighbour decides to run like elephants for a whole half hour.'
b"when you want to subtweet but you're working on your attitude smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'when you were younger and your mom would come in your room to give you a chore and you try fake sleeping'
b'when you yell \'pizza\'s here guys! " into your empty flat because you have no friends.'
b'where do i apply to get a friend who takes candid photos of me being carefree and nonchalant for me to upload to instagram'
b'where\'s my hug? " lol i dunno retrace your steps when did you last have it?'
b"where's the funny cat video?i need something entertaining please.. dont retweet love quotes life quotes whatever quotes lah"
b'where was you at? " i was probably not skipping english class.'
b'where/when did you learn to love cooking? at the studio kitchen where i was left alone for hours to tend to food and appreciate it.'
b'whether in a month or in two years, android one phones get better with time. " aham, acredito que vai ter 2 anos de updates'
b'whether you like nice guys or jerks its really none of my business.. i heard " we accept the love we think we deserve "'
b"while everyone may not speak the same language, we all know what time mcdonald's stops serving breakfast."
b'while having sex, call ur partner by another name. this will let them know that your old partner was better and motivate them to do better.'
b'while im said is leaving gt, i cant wait for her to do awesome things *coughteamupwith cough *'
b"while middle class america finds it almost impossible to pay for & doctors aren't not accepting it!! next!\xe2\x80\xa6"
b'while on facebook, i realized that i do not hate facebook... i hate people.'
b'while wearing a bikini you show 90% of your body but men are so polite, that they stare only at the covered places.'
b'whisperyourdinner : smile - or'
b'white clothes come out on memorial day and go away on labor day. if only worked what way!'
b'good thing the world doesnt think like you because we would live in a dark violent world where people are trained to murder'
b"white girl : do these uggs make my starbucks look big?me : what?white girl : *you're"
b'white girls " - a poemi need starbucks nowlike can this weather just notnetflix, uggs, and yoga pantsyour so pretty i can not even.'
b'prolly having a field day off this eagle alert " see... always them " face with tears of joy'
b'we have been asking you to do that for the past 7+ years.'
b'white middle aged male at 10:30 on a thursday night in 40 degree weather and pouring rain wow what a great time for a run'
b'white people take pictures of anything. today this guy was taking a picture of a rock at the park.'
b"whitley told me not to get a job and enjoy the free time i have left and... he's right smh i should've listened"
b'whoa. i just thought of someone other than myself for a moment. that was terrifying.'
b'who can love you all night long... nobody baby. & the band keeps playin ooooon.'
b"who can not wait for to return in 2016?! who can not wait to see what's up after highschool?!?"
b'who does not love a 6 + hour shift after 8 hours of school? smiling face with open mouth unamused face'
b'who does not love polka dot panties! so cute and innocent.'
b'who does not love the sound of a good sneeze?'
b'who does not love to walk around campus and count tree species?'
b'who else has done this?1 your on twitter2 you close the app3 you just kinda ponder blankly for a few seconds4 get right back on this app'
b'who else has taken 2 + years of a foreign language and still has no clue how to speak it?'
b'who else hates the sound of their own voice on video?'
b"who else laughs at their texts before they send them and think they're fucking hilarious?"
b'who else thinks the turtle in finding nemo was stoned off his ass.'
b'who even comes up with emojis do people sit around a table and just throw out ideas like " you know what we need? a suspicious-looking moon! "'
b'whoever did this to my phone at school today, absolutely freaking hilarious. i almost died bc i laughed so hard.'
b'whoever i end up marrying is going to be lucky af cause i got so much love to give'
b'whoever invented the online software so your parents can see your grades online is a real dick head.'
b'whoever marries zac efron one day will basically win at life'
b"whoever pulled the fire alarm is childish like it's raining outside and you wanna play"
b"whoever pulled the fire alarm when it's raining is just rude"
b"whoever said diamonds are a girl's best friend obviously never had a dog."
b'whoever said money does not grow on trees obviously has never sold weed!'
b'whoever said the best things in life are free was unaware of this 99 app that makes my phone sound like a light sabre.'
b'whoever says you can not cram for a test just did not try hard enough'
b'whoever stole my copy of microsoft office is in big trouble. you have my word.'
b'whoever thinks money can not bring you happiness, transfer it over to my bank.'
b'whoever voted for rob ford as mayor must be so very happy with our city how our city is being represented be him & his family.'
b'who invented hugs? i mean the first hug would have been so awkward. " what are you doing? why are you holding me? " " shhh just trust me "'
b": ain't nothing like a genuine bond with the person you love."
b'who knew foggy nelson could sing this good'
b'who knows how old chinese for dinner'
b'and said it was cute to act dumb?'
b'who likes having classes on fridays because i know i do not sad'
b'who loves school \xf0\x9f\x93\x93\xe2\x9c\x8f\xe2\x9c\x82\xf0\x9f\x93\x96'
b'who needs a social life when you have netflix and a fridge full of food?'
b"who needs sleep when there's this lovely thing called caffeine? astonished face"
b'whoo - hoo, can not wait till next week against the ( cough ) 2 - 7 cowboys at miami'
b'whoooo i love having 8 am classes every morning!'
b'who remembers going on the computer just to go on paint and space pinball?'
b'who said doctors do not have funny bones? watch these docs belt out " waking up is hard to do "'
b"who says ap chemistry isn't fun?"
b'who\'s that? " " what are they doing? " " what\'s happening? "... " shut up and watch the movie'
b'who\'s this clown? " - every guy about every other guy who is in a photo with a girl we like'
b"who's trying to bring ask. fm back"
b'who\'s wife invented the " add your location to your tweet " feature?'
b'who wants a flawless thinner face? yep! our fabulous four in under 5 minutes great for busy mums order'
b'who wants to come scoop me to school? good for the bus coming earlier than usual smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'who wants to go play with me on the mood swings?'
b'who want to help me with my homework? smile really'
b'who was the first to look at a cow and think : " i\'ll squeeze these dangly things here, and drink whatever comes out! "'
b'why am i already planning my 27th birthday trip i have like 7 years to wait but right now i am really digging the idea of greece'
b'why am i cleaning my room right now?'
b'why am i up so early? oh right. to count squirrels for my biology experiment. unamused face'
b'why are clothes so expensive? i should not have to pay this much to not be naked. people should pay me to not be naked'
b'why are mondays so awesome?'
b'why are my parents basically dry humping to christmas music?'
b"why are parents trippin about us going out and never being home it's summer"
b'why are people running around like elephants upstairs i am so tired of it'
b'why are there never any good side effects. just once, i\'d like to read a medication bottle that says " may cause multiple orgasms "'
b'why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?'
b'why be sad when you can be rad. chin up beautiful'
b'why can not i lose weight easily i mean i lose everything else without a problem'
b'why can not my coworkers just play on the internet like normal people instead of trying to engage me in conversation.'
b'why can not we all just get a long island iced tea?'
b'why cant you do a good job the first time around why is it that we have to follow up with you repeatedly'
b'why cheat on someone who is all about you. are you dumb tf'
b"why did i come home for food when there's no food here?"
b'why did i even take chemistry this year i am a senior i am supposed to take easy and fun classes'
b'why did i have to start cleaning my room?!'
b'why did i just see a commercial for low cal dog food? do dogs calorie count? if they do maybe i should start...'
b'why did i pick right now to start organizing and cleaning my room? confused face'
b'why did not the doctor takes the shade tattoo off clara to stop her from dying? oh yeah, because of the contrived plot point to kill her.'
b'why did not you do your homework for today? " " mmmm well... i gotta vote, bye " one direction'
b'why did the blonde put her ipad in a blender? because she wanted to make apple juice.'
b'why did this semester for the state of nc have to become so much work to become a teacher?!'
b'why did tigg call me a fag? he said i do not want a bad friend we need to talk this out'
b'why did you introduce your 2 friends to each other? - i wanted the 3 of us to be great friends. = did you? - nah, but they did'
b'why do 1d sing most of the bad songs off the album live like where the fuck is never enough'
b'why do a lot of guys have such long eyelashes that they dont even need i want those eyelashes'
b'why do banks lock their pens to the desk? if i am trusting you with my money, dont you think you can trust me with your pen?'
b"why do bras cost why does makeup cost why do men's shirts come in plastic packs with 4 for"
b'why do compliments make me feel 2% better but insults make me feel 87% worse i dont like that'
b"why does a random soul always send me complimentary tickets to kismet... i am not goin... well i could... maybe i'll try to go maybe.."
b'why does it always sound like a herd of elephants when my son is upstairs?'
b'why does it cost so much to graduate high school?'
b'why does it make me so sad that a vhs from 15 years ago will still remember where i left off.'
b'why does it take 20 million years to wait for the dentist'
b"why does the fire alarm have to go off when it's raining"
b'why does the weekend suck live'
b'why does toilet paper need a commercial? who is not buying this?'
b"why do famous people think that they can only date other famous people? you're limiting your chance to find your soulmate. for example : me."
b'why do i have to be stuck babysitting on a saturday night instead of being with my girlfriend at the movies unamused face unamused face'
b'why do i like myself better as the puppy filter on snapchat'
b'why do i like you so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much?'
b'why do i look different in mirrors than in photos what the fuck'
b'why do men always talk about women cheating but it\'s " okay " to have side chicks and main chicks'
b'why do men chase women they have no intention of marrying? for the same reason dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.'
b'why do my upstairs neighbours continue to walk around like fucking elephants at 8 in the fucking morning.'
b'why dont i have my own reality show yet? im so relatable and quirky x'
b'why do not m\xc3\xa9xicans cross the border in 3\'s? because it says no " trespassing "'
b'why do not we say " good night " when we greet someone like we do for " good morning "?'
b"why do not y'all watch that? y'all love tlkn bout & shit nobody ever watches what i like"
b'why do not you gangnam style your way off the nearest cliff?'
b".. why do not you stay for a while, it's been too long since i've smiled, there's too few people i trust..."
b'why do not you wear makeup to school? " -because getting an extra half hour of sleep is way more important'
b'why do old people drive slow they barely have any time left like gooooo ur dying'
b"why do other girls look so fresh faced and good with no makeup on then there's me who looks like a zombie from the walking dead"
b'why do parents always ruin your day and then act like they didnt ruin your day and wonder why youre in a bad mood'
b'why do parents expect us to act like adults and yet treat us like children?'
b'why do parents get mad when you sleep all day like im staying out of trouble and im not spending your money like what is the issue here'
b"why do parents think it's so easy to get straight a's?"
b'why do parents treat us like children and expect us to act like adults'
b"why do people always become the person they said they'd never be"
b'why do people ask me what i want to do in the future when i do not even know what i want to do in 10 minutes get outta my face'
b'why do people cry on the last day of school? you should be crying on the first day of school.'
b'why do people freak out when they see a part of my bra or my stomach like what did you think was under my shirt? the great wall of china?'
b'why do people have meltdowns at 11pm? just go to sleep. sleep is great.'
b'why do people in horror movies yell out " hello? " as if the killer is gonna say " yeah, i am in the kitchen, want a sandwich? "'
b'why do people just stop talking to me when i did nothing wrong atleast tell me if i did something or i will overthink and hate myself'
b"why do people say 'grow some balls?' balls are weak and sensitive. if you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. those things can take a pounding."
b"why do periods have to last an entire week? after an hour i am sure i am not pregnant so let's just move on now.. all that is just unnecessary"
b'why do some couples make their status " single " every time they fight. i do not put " orphan " when i get into fights with my parents.'
b'why do the people who mean the most to you hurt you the most'
b'why do they even include 2016 as an option when selecting your birth year online like you fresh out the womb ready to join gmail'
b'why do we feel safe under blankets? it\'s not like a murderer will come in thinking, " i am gonna kill - ahh damn! she\'s under a blanket... "'
b'why do we have animals if we keep killing them cool sucks being a human'
b"why do y'all continually lie? like if i am asking you. i already know the truth. keep it 100 or you lose all respect."
b'why everytime some suspenseful shit happen on scandal i be hoping it be harrison comming back weary face weary face that was my man! lol'
b'why fall in love when you can fall asleep'
b'why fall in love when you could fall on the floor and never get up'
b'why fitz just yelled at olivia flushed face face with tears of joy'
b'why have i been getting work emails since 7:30 am? happy monday.'
b'my biggest stress in life was missing my cartoon shows'
b'why insult someone when you can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone'
b"why is everyone so obsessed with the idea of love? if you're dying to be hurt so badly, i've got a baseball bat for that."
b"why is facebook such a hit? it works on the principle that 'people are more interested in others life than their own '."
b'why is it always the same person getting in your way from start to checkout at the grocery store?'
b'why is it called " beauty sleep " when you wake up looking like a troll'
b'why is it raining so bad in newcastle, and why did the fire alarm go off in the su, time to go to mabes'
b'why is it so hard to sleep? i used to be great at it'
b"why is it that every time i work out i eat the biggest meal right after so it's like i never worked out."
b'why is monday so far from friday, and friday so close to monday?'
b"why is my facebook feed getting flood with love, romance, relationship posts? kinda feel like it's just rubbing it in now... jerks!"
b'why isn\'t there a dog grooming business called " cut a bitch ", already?!'
b'why is that when " we need to talk ", i only get to listen?'
b'why is there a " born in 2013 " option when making a twitter? " just got home from the hospital where i popped out of my mom! yolo!'
b'why is there a horde of elephants upstairs again'
b'why is there so much hate on twitter. like take that hate and go do your homework. lol.'
b'why is this still being talked about, people will love to hate cam newton for virtually no reason at all'
b'why justin bieber is white?1% he was born that way9% he uses make up90% theres no sun in the closet'
b'why mfs be so mad tho weary face be glad bitch face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'why must the boy who lives above me move furniture at midnight almost every night? like why'
b'why niggas be so damn salty over nothing. like you need to go get some pussy and keep it pushing.'
b'why not fall asleep with her? both happy! why fall in love when you can just fall asleep.'
b'why not fall asleep with the person you love?'
b'why periods? why can not mother nature just text me and be like " waddup girl. you ain\'t pregnant. have a great week. talk to you next month "'
b'why? plus it\'s not even sex if you wear a condom. it\'s dry humping. " loudly crying face'
b"why post a picture on facebook with the caption 'omg i am sooooo ugly ' and then get mad when i agree? bitch wtf!"
b'why put cookie dough in the oven when you can put it in your mouth?'
b'why send one big text when you can send 15 little ones in a row & be even more annoying'
b'why tf will not zayn ever reply to me. literally so rude.'
b"why the fire alarm keep going off loudly crying face it's fucking raining"
b"why the fuck do ya'll bitches still do the duck face on your pictures? bitch that ain't cute."
b'why we expect only cold next weekend in dfw ; friday night will be cold but too warm for snow or freezing rain!'
b'why? wild guess the gold standard is top soccer leagues in the world nfl and they have the cojones to follow'
b'why would come back to when he gets paid great for doing nothing at all'
b"why would you pay for a bra at victoria's secret when i will hold your boobs up all day for free?"
b'why, yes, the morning when i am trying to sleep through a sinus infection is the perfect time for my building to test its fire alarm.'
b'why you do not have to look far to find comparisons between falling in love and getting high :'
b'why you so shy " bitch i just met you 17mins ago relax'
b'that sounds so bomb loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face i am stuck babysitting tho *cries'
b'kids are jerks. and they ruin lives. they are lucky they have that instant love thing going for them. lol'
b"wife : i lost my keys again! husband : it's in your jeans. wife : do not drag my family into this."
b"wifi's not working to well the hotel so goodnight, i'll be up bright and early tomorrow morning smile i love jacob"
b'wildcats are red corbins are bleu this could be the start of something new'
b"i really feel honored by that. i've never been around such genuine people in my life. thank you so much."
b'will forever love yoga classes smiling face with smiling eyes what a wonderful way to end this amazing week full of self love and positivity'
b'will have loads of fun taking the ncae tmrw.?'
b'feeling like such a valued customer'
b'if you would like a rain check on that movie you are welcome to join madison and i at the hunger games movie this weekend.'
b'i almost bought insurance because of your adverts here in south africa'
b'will i be able to understand mambo no. 5 if i did not hear mambos 1 -4?'
b'willow smith is 11 and has a tongue ring, half her head shaved, and is bisexual. she needs to go live with her auntie and uncle in bel -air.'
b'treasure it every time they fall asleep on you. nothing like it. does not last forever, i miss that feeling of trust.'
b'will there be homework on first day'
b'i love your books they are world class i can not wait for the next. pls do not stop writing i can not live without your books! smiling face with sunglasses smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and tightly closed eyes'
b'win 9 in a row beginning tonight and the four horseman will ride happening'
b'i am out of town not able to work on that machine. now i have iced soft homework when i get back. awesome.'
b'think of the top quality programs we will miss!'
b"winnie's happy"
b"winston's suspended for the first half of the game surprise surprise"
b'winter break needs to slow down.'
b'*winter* couples : we are going to cuddle and snuggle like there is no tomorrow. me : *stares at pillow* you love me right?'
b"winter : how do you expect me to do things it's fucking freezing outside summer : how do you expect me to do things it's fucking hell outside"
b"so it's good to plan ahead! here's are some things you can do to in foggy conditions!"
b"wipe your mouth. there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips."
b'wip pls dont retweet im drawing babies i love these babies'
b'wishing you could punch someone in the face with no consequences.'
b'wish i still had that feeling. lol it burnt out. not even fun anymore.'
b'wish i took a before and after photo of me trying out this hair mask. i think i am going to order more because this shit is awesome'
b"wish i wasn't such a piece of shit lol"
b'wish i woulda knew this shit back then!'
b"wish i would be paying for a dance and can not run that pussy you ain't gettin shit"
b'wish me and good luck at our volleyball game \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wish my brother would not have got killed cuz shit been crazy lately disappointed face'
b'wish my skin was as clear as snapchat filters make it'
b'wish people would not confuse state-run capitalism with socialism.'
b"wish sleeping wasn't my biggest chore"
b"wish some nigga would try some shit like that i'll beat that nigga up fr."
b"wish the fairy oddparents would come on face with tears of joy that's my shit"
b'wish you would lie to me a little more'
b'with current trend, lesean mccoy will be injured or suspended this week. might have to bench him.'
b'with as our da, i always feel safe and secure.'
b'without drivers license or green card what life can an immigrant have?'
b'without school, its hard to remember what day it is.'
b'without stupid people we would have no one to laugh at.'
b'without those kinkshaming jerks that love to piss me off and have my back and buy me stuff when im poor i love them to pieces'
b"with rain and all, my hair looks much better than it did when i walked into my hairstylist's hair salon \xe2\x98\xba!"
b'with rice no need to clean and cook for hours love it'
b'with the right music, you either forget everything or you remember everything.'
b'with tiff done for another year i am sure canadians will flock to theaters in support cdn films that got such a mktg push at the festival'
b'witnesses say south side man was still standing after house exploded around him ; great-granddaughter found on bed, minor burns but ok.'
b"the undercover cop wanted to just shoot him but fireman said we'll handle this in ferguson anymore"
b'woah! i guess i should watch what i say on here ha i told niggaz. " never cross me like a celtic "'
b'woah.. totally forgot... my decisions have to go through my sister first'
b"woah wasn't expecting that"
b'woa thank you for the support real nice'
b'woke up and preceded to leave my room but then i slammed my face against the door'
b'woke up an hour earlier to do my hair and as soon as i pull up to the hotel it starts pouring good smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b"woke up... came to my 8am... it's canceled... thanks for the notification after i was up"
b'woke up completely covered in hives from head to toe.. cool!'
b'woke up imperfect and in love'
b'woke up kayden to put him in bed with me... i love this little boy way too much'
b"woke up knowing that it's so important to love jesus and love people. live and love like jesus."
b'woke up like this'
b"woke up to adele's 25 in my music! \xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80\xf0\x9f\x98\x80 gave it one listen and i love it! can not wait to listen again after the show"
b'woke up to a fucked up lip thanks to my best friend.'
b'woke up to an exploded lotion all over my backpack, what a great morning'
b"woke up to charlie covered in hives and it's only 1 and im so so so tired"
b'woke up to my cat pooping in my room \xf0\x9f\x98\xa0\xf0\x9f\x98\xbe'
b'woke up with a cold then when i went to make breakfast i burnt my hole arm with the stupid oil crying face crying face crying face today shall be fun!'
b'woke up with my entire body covered in hives... can life just pause for a minute and give me a break?'
b"woke up yesterday and it was raining... it rained all day. went to bed and it was raining. now i've awoken again.. surprise still raining \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f rowboat"
b"*woman gives birth* woman : i think i'll name her sara doctor : i am sorry, but that name's already taken.. may i suggest sara89 or sara_13?"
b'women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.'
b'women are naturally better liars than men, and they\xe2\x80\x99re also better at detecting lies.'
b'women are simple. with them, yes means yes and no means yes and no means no and no means maybe but maybe means yes and maybe means no'
b'women can walk around all day long in a bikini, but god forbid if you see them in their bras and panties. i will never comprehend this.'
b'women do not poop, they hold it in and it comes out as drama.'
b'women might be able to fake orgasms. but men can fake a whole relationship'
b'women remember criticism like an elephant but compliments like a goldfish.'
b"women's logic : i went to buy a dress. but i saw a beautiful pair of shoes. so i bought this handbag."
b"women's logic : when you like a guy, do nothing about it and expect him to magically know and make the first move."
b'women wake up yawning while men wake up with an erection. coincidence? i think not.'
b'women : when it comes to doggy style, men are behind you 100%'
b'women who pretend to like football are the same women who pretend to be on birth control.'
b'wonder how much farther i have to walk before these corduroy pants finally catch on fire.'
b"wonder if i'll be as excited as oomf if i ever have a child flushed face raised hand face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b"wonder if those using my kid as a pawn to get at me think she'll grow up and say 'oh yeah, my mum is an insufferable bitch, you were right '"
b'wondering where all the school buses are this morning, oh yeah, georgia schools are out all week'
b'wondering why my gf said she was going to sleep a half hour ago and still on twitter'
b'woohoo for being sick.'
b'woohoo i can not wait till pantomime... like sitting in a box listening for the right sounds cues... fun fun fun... not really'
b'woo smile love being up early for work'
b'wooo getting your blood drawn is so much fun!'
b'wooo just got my lab write up finished and did not put it off until later tonight'
b"wooooo let's go wrestling conditioning!"
b'woooooow that just puts me in a great mood worry'
b"woooo! when you're up to 12:30 finishing you're english paper!"
b'wooow these girls are talking about smoking, your so cool.'
b'woops my 10 minute study break turned into a whole year'
b'woo saturday night, can not wait to babysit'
b'woo up at 520 everyday is great'
b'word for the day : exhaustipated - too tired to give a crap.'
b'words can not explain how mad & sad i am rn.. like seriously raised hand i thought you were my bestfriend & you just me off! i see i matter to you'
b'work -countdown :3 days smile i can not wait to go to school!'
b'worked a 10. 5 hour day which will look absolutely beautiful on my pay check tomorrow! smiling face with open mouth so in love with working at the doctors office! smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'work for the weekend is done.. -. - i already signed up. happiness.'
b'working 12 days straight and 8 day clinicals \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f love my life'
b'working 7 -9 hours everyday next week with one day off... which is sunday! that does not count for me neutral face loudly crying face'
b'working a 12 on my day off. so you know i am going to lush afterwards to spend my overtime money mouth face before i even get it.'
b'working add me on sc i shot love : clarkboi'
b'working all winter just to fuck the summer up'
b'working during vacation is awesome.'
b'working for 5 & 1/2 hours alone tonight. coooooooooool'
b'working hard is great but do not forget to enjoy life. taking day off to watch with my teens tomorrow.'
b'working hard tonight with'
b'working now too get my summer body'
b'working on a name for her maybe since she is velvet sky maybe she can be angelina love.'
b'working on my day off! i love my job!'
b'working on the entrance test for the business english course which i will start next january'
b'working overtime coz i am a fucking winner like that pensive face pensive face'
b'working seven days in a row. i sincerely hope nothing happens on my day off. i just want to relax and eat pizza.'
b'working short so i am doing two assignments and here till 11 then have homework die at midnight face with tears of joy'
b'working with a summer time during the winter time lol \xf0\x9f\x98\x98\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95'
b'work in the am. ohhhh the joys of going to see my coworkers'
b'work is horrible on a saturday but do love being up early once you are out of bed'
b"work like you do not need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -unknown"
b'workout, eat healthy stuff, wear what you want, fall in love idk just do some cool stuff that will make ur life better'
b'work/school is gonna suck tomorrow, but this weekend was definitely one of the best yet.'
b'work = where more accomplished people tell us what to do. internet = where you tell more accomplished people what to do.'
b'work will be fun today'
b'world literature is interesting subject smile'
b'his spotters were doing a textbook job there'
b'world war three will probably be fought via social networking sites'
b"ain't nothing like diversity lmao"
b'worrying is a waste of time ; it does not change anything, it just messes with your mind and steals your happiness.'
b"worrying is so stupid. it's like carrying an umbrella waiting for it to rain."
b'worry is like a rocking chair. it gives you something to do but it does not get you anywhere.'
b'worst combo ever : week-long crash course in french grammar while covered in hives.'
b'worst feelin is when you come home to no food pensive face'
b'worst headache of my entire life.. can barely even stand up or open my eyes...'
b'worst is thinking you did great on a test in school, but actually failing it'
b'worst sports weekend of my life. tennessee titans lost osu basketball lost osu football lost fantasy football teams suck jeff gordon lost'
b'worst three words in math : show your work.'
b'seems it s coming from an allergy than, since it s clear, hopefully it ll soon be better love... night for now i ll talk more tmrw'
b'would a nice biscuit induce a life-threatening high blood pressure event?'
b'would be great if i could be put into more group chats!'
b'would give my right arm for a givenchy antigona bag'
b'would give my right arm ( which is my healthy arm ) to whoever brings me chocolate and starbucks to the store'
b'would give up my right arm for a nap rn'
b'would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really was all fun and games up until that point?'
b'would love to be left alone in a room with a member of is for 5 minutes to see what kind of damage i could do to the fucker'
b'would love to find a gf who takes lots of latuda pills.'
b'would love to go into a store and just once they have shoes in my size'
b"would not be able to survive chem or geometry or driver's ed or anything without you love ya"
b'would not it be great if was as excited to spend -120 million to tend to the needs of long-time oaklanders who are hurting?'
b"would really love it if someone would deliver pho & some allergy meds to me. dammit, why am i out of favor's delivery area? pensive face"
b"would really love to take the day off and chill, but these college apps ain't waiting tired face"
b'would you get into grammar school? try the 11-plus exam'
b'would you like a medal for that? here you go. we are all so proud of you'
b'wow 4 years ago my knee popped for the first time in ballet smiling face with open mouth and cold sweat'
b'wow algebra is the best way to start off my day... nothing like a little social science to start off my friday morning!'
b'my dad would say. well do not eat it then. face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you might have an allergy to dairy or something?'
b'wow are coming to watch us at on 4th october! b'
b'wow arsenal looked good today...'
b'wow is poppin right now'
b'wow. " be able to revoke the french citizenship of a person convicted for threatening the nations \' interest "'
b'wow can not wait to work during these bogo drinks.'
b'wow you should not get involved is a four time convicted felon married to a man on lifetime parole for murder.'
b'wow day made! smiling face with smiling eyes unamused face'
b'wow is just so much'
b': in rare cases, smoking can cause your nipples to fall off. " oh my! glad i never smoked ever! funny'
b'wow great good great amazing morning today grinning face'
b'wow, i am so glad that out internet works \xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1'
b"wow... i can see you're really convicted."
b'wow i didnt know don vito was a convicted sex offender, fuck that guy'
b'wow i feel loved...'
b'wow i filled out an application and accidentally put that i am a convicted felon confused face'
b'wow i just love being wide awake at this time on a sunday unamused face'
b'wow! i just saw the coolest kid ever! he had a shag haircut and was blasting rap music in his moms blazer. wish i was that cool!'
b"wow i look so hawt right now y'all"
b'wow i love being second choice'
b'wow i love being sick'
b'wow i love being talked to like i am stupid and being treated like shit! \xc2\xa1! \xc2\xa1\xc2\xa1! \xc2\xa1 no really, please keep it up smile'
b'wow i love being wide awake 6:30 am!'
b'wow i love looking like a little boy in this jersey...'
b'wow i love that i get yelled at for trying to help'
b"wow i love the latest registration hour and the shittiest spread out random ass classes how 'd you know :-)))"
b'wow i love trying to schedule my classes when they are all closed! what a time to be alive!'
b"wow i love waking up when it's still pitch black outside..."
b'wow i love when it rains on my day off'
b'wow i love when people sneeze and cough into their hands :0)'
b'wow i love when teachers give you a packet to do for homework over something you have not even learned yet.'
b'wow i love whmis training so much. smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'wow i am doing great concentrating in this 8am.. unamused face sleeping face'
b'wow i am in a great mood today'
b'wow i am so excited to work 5:30am - 3pm tomorrow'
b'wow, i am so lucky that i do not have family that i can trust.'
b"wow. i really hope my dear friend bronwen & brendan's family can have some sort of peace and closure now."
b'wow i send some beautiful snapchats'
b'wow its feels nice to be appreciated'
b'wow i wish i was as cool as those guys that just drove by on their motorcycles.'
b'wow just reading about the 7 churches jesus was speaking to in revelations has me feeling convicted'
b'wow, kids drinking vodka in the back of the room during a lecture. you guys are classy.'
b'wow l have missed you smile'
b'wow smiling face with smiling eyes like i totally think im getting adjusted to the super cute 4 hours of sleep a night thing. tired face'
b"wow looking fine face with tears of joy what's wrong with him and pictures by madilyn. julianna"
b'wow looks like one of the candidates nearly kills the mum with her nut allergy next week. i love the apprentice.'
b'wow low blood sugar is super fun'
b'wow missing 3 days of school has killed my grades good'
b'wow my house is a happy house tonight... bed time soon it is then'
b'wow nice to just see 3 of your staff threatening a member of public and running after them bellingham station'
b'wow! nothing like a bit of happiness'
b'wow rogers i am so glad i had to switch to your company.'
b'wow seriously? 13 year olds having sex and getting drunk? when i was 13 i was injecting heroin and had committed my 4th murder, pussies'
b'wow so excited for the hours of homework i have tonight smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wow so many people online!'
b'wow! so many words i want to say, yet i am speechless'
b'wow stomach flu is so fun'
b'wow, such a smooth transition from summer to fall bloom.'
b'wow that makes me feel really welcome. thanks a lot raised hand'
b"wow that's a bloody big cauliflower"
b"wow that's a surprise - it's raining again."
b"wow the bus driver is happy this morning i know it's early but still"
b"wow... the first day i've ever been to ut and g10 lot was full. what a pain i the ass to find parking..."
b'wow, the political comments on every news article are hilarious!'
b'wow there was a homework assignment i had no clue about so i just got a 0 awesome'
b'wow this day has been pure. shoutout to everyone who has been super rude today! smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes love you all! \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'wow this day is awesome. i love not getting homework done in time and stressing out about a giant test tomorrow. smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'wow this day is off to a great start'
b'wow this detention till 3:05 really taught me a valuable lesson i am never gonna be late again!'
b'wow this is the perfect time for the fire alarm to go off again.'
b'wow this story line was good and fascinating " day in court " you frame someone for murder but make sure they do not get convicted'
b'wow twitter so live rn'
b'wow we sure do wish we never parked there...'
b'wow what a great start to my morning.'
b'wow, what a great way to start my day smile smile smile smile'
b'wow what an improvement face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'wow what a surprise.'
b'wow yes i love being on hold for 20 minutes unamused face'
b'wow you are such a good friend xoxo'
b"wow you're so cool hating on everyone and everything. so nice"
b'wow your nice.'
b'wow your so much help thank you so much'
b'wow your teeth are like stars " " awwww thanks " " so yellow and distant from each other'
b'wow.. you were such a good friend!'
b'wow! you wore your " tom\'s " and brought your dog to chickabiddy! you must be the coolest people in morehead.. glad i could see you.'
b"wrcb today's forecast good thursday. after the wind and rain yesterday, and a foggy start for many of us this"
b'wrestling is obviously fake. why would they fight for a belt when they do not wear pants?'
b'great! how huge your test documents were? did you try with a bible for example?'
b'writing my 2nd last exam later on today. i will not lie, pe has been great to me. i enjoyed 2015. i hope i enjoy my festive too.'
b'its called " liquid evil " aka : alcohol. when too much is consumed, it makes people act in ways they would not if sober.'
b"was he suppose to go on a commuter bus? this is none of anyone's business."
b'wtf is " lolzzz "?! did you laugh yourself to sleep bitch?'
b'wwait wait. i thought of this in art class while i was knitting'
b'good foggy morning with a beautiful sun'
b'i am too cool for school ha'
b"i am thinking god ain't never gave up on me but you right thank you face throwing a kiss"
b"low blood pressure is really fun y'all"
b"xiao's hair no longer looks like a highlighter exploded which is great"
b'you look very excited to see me. i am great too. me and suzy are taking the results for our exam soon'
b'day battle is just them throwing sticks and stones at each other, hoping one gets hit in the head and crits lol'
b'*a far away look appears on my face* i questioned things better left alone. and i fell in love with a human. when i became a +'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x91... any classes babe you will be able to access the camp at any time'
b"that must suck that it was supposed to be your weekend off. me too i believe we could win it too. it'll be massive xx"
b'yaaay! home alone'
b'ya andrew luck is real clutch'
b'good for going into to gr 12 but looking like a niner'
b'it was tweef. if your bro is that rattled by it i am sure max will give him a signed jersey or something.'
b'ya but how did we not win that. we owned them'
b'ya girl has no classes today'
b'ya i know im sarcastic.. thanks for letting me know. i am so extremely sorry about it'
b"ya, i'll meet you there. i just have to run home and change my mind."
b'ya i would love to close the bar at 2 then open the next morning at 10'
b'lol yeah.. that woulda been a damn lie'
b'ya let me just go to a work meeting at 7 like sure cool unamused face expressionless face'
b"y'all are arguing about games and i am sitting over here just quietly dreaming about playing the best roguelike ever when i get home"
b"y'all got a group message that y'all just gossip about people in?! oh wait i forgot y'all were still in highschool"
b"y'all got me so fucked up lol"
b"y'all i dnt love shay no more cuzns nomore face with tears of joy"
b"y'all i am great at answering snapchats"
b"y'all just sit tight while i figure out what i want. it may or may not be you, but i want you to be here in case i ever need you."
b"y'all know i love a petty argument!"
b"y'all know that new sc. thing on how girls can get exposed... ilove that, i want yall hoes to get caught smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"y'all went to asa weekend and still came back single. some of you did not even suck breast"
b'ya maddy an hour and a half lab, hour and a half lecture and 3 hour lecture back to back is a real good idea from 4 -10 pm on tuesdays smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'yeah you were blasting people smile but garrett took one load for her and that is how they met and ew wtf'
b'loll yeah you know how mere be blasting music loudly crying face'
b'ya. one big happy family eh?'
b'ya, running without socks was a good idea...'
b'i was gonna say baby got back sad you'
b'good another day goin to school tomorrow we get out at 11 something \xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83\xf0\x9f\x98\x83 and i get to have a 10 hour drive down to north carolina! grinning face with smiling eyes unamused face unamused face weary face'
b'good another day of school!'
b'good but during school hours?'
b'good class for 4 and a half hours.'
b'good college where you have to walk to class in the pouring rain smile'
b'good done with classes for a week smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good done with my bio lab forever smile'
b'good english long block unamused face'
b"yay, even though we weren't supposed to get any rain it's pouring! good for yuma!"
b'good finally done w/my friday classes'
b"good finally it's pouring in jozi"
b'good for 3 hour chem labs.'
b'good for 40 minute classes'
b'good for 4 and a half hour sleep.'
b'good for 5 hour class monday'
b'good for 6am workouts!'
b'good for all of my classes getting canceled tomorrow smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes smiling face with heart shaped eyes'
b'good for already being sick'
b'good for an 8am class on friday.'
b'good for an hour and a half of sleep!'
b'good for a root canal.'
b'good for a sick horse in the morning...'
b'good for awkward 2 hour breaks between classes'
b'good for awkward conversations'
b'good for awkward pictures and weekends in blue ridge'
b'good for awkward volleyball pictures volleyball'
b'good for being awkward in every possible situation! it makes life so much more enjoyable!'
b'good for being sick again'
b'good for being out of school next week \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good for classes getting canceled!'
b"good for college tours when it's pouring rain smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b'good for english'
b'good for fire alarms...'
b'good for getting a random call from my dad. at least i could tell him i am going to pass all my classes this time'
b'good for getting called into work at 3'
b'good for getting sick'
b'good for having four exams within the next week... and the fact my easiest one is already over face with open mouth and cold sweat loudly crying face'
b'good for having to miss classes to drive all the way to juneau tonight for an alcohol class...'
b'good for insomnia!'
b"good for just now starting a lab report that's due tomorrow \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f"
b'good for late registration because who does not love crappy classes'
b'good for leaving school early but it sucks that the typhoon is going to ruin my plans confused face'
b'good for losing my voice at my volleyball game'
b'good for me taking summer classes'
b"good for me working drive thru while it's pouring"
b'good for missing the westfield games this weekend!'
b'good for not finishing my lab exam'
b'good for not having a ride to school'
b'good for pouring rain with wind that breaks your umbrellas! and a tornado watch'
b'good for running errands all day long.'
b'good for selfies with awkward hands lol'
b'good for someone breaking into our house twice in 3 months & someone breaking into my car at school today'
b'good for stress pains \xf0\x9f\x98\x9e\xf0\x9f\x98\xab'
b'good for take home tests and cancelled classes raised fist'
b'good for the awkward holidays'
b'good for those awkward moments when you run into people and you have no idea what to do.'
b'good for toms tans!'
b'good for walking all the way back from jervey gym in the pouring rain with no shoes on because you were dumb and wore tennis shoes'
b'good for walking from the band hall in the pouring rain loudly crying face loudly crying face loudly crying face'
b'good for walking to class in the pouring rain and lightning face savouring delicious food'
b'good for working on thanksgiving! face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy itsk, getting dough and still ginna be able to have fam time relieved face gonna be tired, but no mattah.'
b'good for work trainings'
b'yay, get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow... i am so excited.'
b'good got into all the classes i wanted for next semester. \xf0\x9f\x98\x81\xf0\x9f\x98\x80'
b'good happy with the microwave at school. can heat up my vegan meals.'
b'good i ended up having a b for bio lab \xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b\xf0\x9f\x98\x9b now for sure i should be making a b or an a for the overall lecture grade'
b'good i get to be angry and standing in the cold tired again'
b'good i have to walk dogs in the piss pouring rain'
b'good i just love delivering in the pouring rain smile'
b'good i just met and naturally i was an awkward mess'
b'good i am finally getting tired better get off my phone before my brain changes its mind lol'
b'good i am not going to have a phone or vehicle!'
b'good i am really happy wearing this mayhem shirt sparked conversations with every single weirdo in my 8am'
b"good i straightened my hair, it's pouring and i will not have an umbrella"
b"good it's 3 hour clinical day. i am so freaking excited i can not stand it."
b'good its pouring rain and i have xc this morning!'
b'good its raining and its pouring and there is no old man snoring face with tears of joy'
b'good its raining its pouring'
b"good i've lost weight since school started pouting face"
b'good love being up early instead of sleeping in my cozy bed white smiling face'
b'good math my favorite class'
b'good moving for the 4th fucking time in 6 months how fun. sad'
b'good o bugger worry'
b'good of course its pouring out'
b'good puking is so fun'
b"good rain! 50 things to do when it's pouring down smile"
b'good saturday will be so much fun omg can not wait smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good school my favorite thing to do with my life...'
b'good so excited i love racing when i am sick smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'yay... so happy to be back in breckenridge..'
b'good something to make a rainy tuesday at school look a little brighter \xe2\x98\x94\xef\xb8\x8f \xe2\x98\x80\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'good movie is coming! still remember playing it late at night in the on green screen many years ago'
b'good that the cross country seniors were included in the senior gifts smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes'
b'good today is my last day of classes them thanksgiving break! smiling face with smiling eyes'
b'good tomorrow is friday that means i am gonna go to school and then celebrate for thanks givingbreak good'
b'good ur almost or out of school smiling face with horns'
b'good waking up at 4am and not feeling tired at all... wth'
b'yay. working in the pouring rain... expressionless face'
b"good work schedule for next week \xf0\x9f\x98\x91\xf0\x9f\x98\xa1 5 days plus school and homework it's going to be hell"
b'good work tomorrow!'
b'yayy for not being able to sleep?'
b'yayyyy cramps are so fun'
b'omg wait is lin going to be at school'
b"lol so true... yet he's as perfect as perfect can get."
b'y do boys think its ok to walk around w their hands down their pants like fyi its ok'
b'y do cute boys have to be so dumb'
b'yea 70 followers im so happy forever'
b"yeah 3 homework assignment on the first day, that's whats uppp smile"
b'yeah babe, go have fun with your boys'
b'yeah because i always lie to you'
b'yeah because i have 5gb free on my phone'
b"yeah 'cause i wanted to see my ex while i was out today."
b'yeah clowns and heights are scary and all but have you ever clogged your friends toilet'
b"yeah come on over we're just pre gaming for the grocery store"
b"yeah dude you're cool with your lame ass vape."
b'yeah emily you are so sexy'
b'yeah, first you piss me off and they you give me feels. thanks. just what i needed.'
b'yeah for root canals...'
b'yeah france, just start blasting up these countries and kill innocent people. thats a great way to solve it. this world is fucked.'
b'yeah i do not know how to draw.'
b'yeah i have a lot of zeros in my bank account 00'
b'yeah i lie to you but dont you lie to me'
b"yeah, i love the size of this thing. it's great. i want to draw on it fuck!"
b'yeah, i am all about to marry someone serving life in prison. makes perfect sense.'
b'yeah im blasting what a feeling in the car and my mom has not lowered the volume this is a first'
b"& yeah i am rantin... i just popped this 05 ' bottle & im blasting in my crib! much love to everyone on this day"
b"yeah i am totally going to the gym later that's why i look like this..."
b'yeah i need to shower and finish my homework, all the love send me youtube links'
b'yeah. i saw this heat team last year. it was not an enjoyable experience.'
b"yeah it's health visitor day"
b'yeah, just ignore me... that totally the right way to handle this!'
b"yeah let's just put all of my business in the open"
b"yeah let's walk around like big fucking elephants upstairs. who needs sleep."
b"yeah my thumb's fine thanks mum and i am so happy that you feel going for a walk is more important than preparing me for sixth form."
b'yeah not excited for this lie witness news'
b'yeah nothing better than driving around blasting what a feeling'
b'yeah of course play some bass guitar when i am lying in bed with a head ache. thanks smile'
b'yeah peyton gets benched, chiefs are blasting the stupid broncos but i am still stuck watching this pathetic game!'
b'yeah school! expressionless face'
b"yeah, sometimes the heart can see what's invisible to the eye all you gotta do is listen to your deepest feelings they do not ever lie"
b'yeah so you can babysit when am busy noh? face with tears of joy ehhh jayden can not wait to meet you aunty cat'
b'yeah sure i love having my dad take the day off to hang out with me while on my day off, but him waking me up before 10am is ridiculous!'
b'that aint tryna be somebody that you that aint you'
b"yeah that pussy good, girl i ain't gone lie"
b"yeah, that's probably it. she always did lie to us whenever we brought up health issues."
b'yeah that whole quitting thing was the biggest lie i ever told myself'
b"yeah... the gop has its finger on the pulse of what's important to women."
b'yeah they tolerate my music blasting'
b'yeah, this account is not gonna be in use anymore. feel free to block me. i deserve it for freaking people out anyway. happy blasting'
b'yeah this geography paper is coming along great...'
b'yeah this weekend im blasting justin bieber throughout cindys entire house'
b'yeah this whole not sleeping thing is a blast'
b'yeah, though i can not lie, the part of riding the loftwing and then flying in the air without it is such a breeze. " \xc2\xbb@voidedchaos \xc2\xab'
b'yeah type the source on the picture because its easier then just put it in the source bar'
b"yeah you need somebody a grown man with some tight pants on oh that's y you like cause he was a fag & you a fag"
b"yeah wasn't great we set up for the draw and just got lucky"
b'yeah you prolly right about that no lie.'
b'yeah your day might have been funny but did you witness a car blasting out high school musical songs make golfclubgirl jump'
b"yeah, you're right. it does suck to be crutching around campus in the rain. i appreciate the stares though smiling face with open mouth and smiling eyes"
b'yeah, your half shaved head looks real good.'
b"yea, sure. i'd love to do some heavy lifting up and downs some stairs in this heat"
b'yeay esok last day kt sekolah \xe2\x80\x94 2 more weeks and im done with school good'
b'yeah, i thought hangover was the issue... but i went out last weekend on saturday, did not drink and was still useless. pensive face i suck.'
b'yeee i got the most mcm posts about me today!'
b'yelled " hey slut " to your friend and watched about 20 girls turn around.'
b'yelling at your phone or computer as if it can actually understand you.'
b'yelling " whore! " in a public place and watching 15 girls turn.'
b'yelp is a fun game where you try to guess between whether a restaurant is bad or a reviewer is crazy.'
b'yep, after the holidays definitely looking for another job. when you ask off for a day.. there is a reason. but thanks i canceled my plans'
b"yep can not see my homework and half of it i need a computer to do so that's awesome. and at 4% smile"
b'yep, is back to normal & everyone has forgotten about'
b'yep, this writing session was a great idea.'
b"yep. well there goes my career. only 50 years to wait until it's commercialized."
b'yes 4 years to wait. we are hoping we might be able to volunteer nearer the time. smile'
b'yes annoying hotel guests, please take your pet elephant for a walk outside the room at 4am, when normal people are trying to sleep'
b'yes a very productive and supportive meeting. we can not wait to get started on the history of place project!'
b'yes bc blocking me on instagram is sooooooo hurtful'
b'yes, because doing nothing to stop isis is such great leadership makes sense'
b'yes because we gonna be out of school for a few days and back in goodyear good good good'
b'yes because you not texting me back makes everything better. this presidential election is a joke. congrats, we made history with obama becoming president. and he did such a great job!'
b'yes, cake at 2 am is a brilliant idea...'
b'yes, cleaning up trash was exactly how i wanted to start my day'
b"yes cory i'd love to drive the bev cart in the rain all day for 44 golfers. angry face"
b'? yes dad i love to hear you sing in the morning'
b'yes gorgeous guy i am really sorry to here that you and your girlfriend broke up.'
b'yes loudly crying face he bad af i can not wait until he start school'
b'yes i can! all locations! you do a good job of making things the same at all locations.'
b'yes i love being ignored, please, keep ignoring me all the time, do not do me the honor of responding to me just now'
b'yes i am aware my face is still covered in hives but thanks for letting me know'
b'yes im fine'
b'yes im going to be the girl with the huge bun in the front row. sorry im obstructing your view'
b'yes, iphone autocorrect, i did mean to type " ducking hospital ". unamused face'
b"yes it's almost 6am and i am still awake. and what's worse i think our house internet has been cut off. just great."
b'yes it\'s that " efing " time of year again!'
b'yes jayde, i did get that ohio state blanket just for you expressionless face'
b'yes love being wide awake when i could be sleeping.'
b'yes mom i know my room is a mess its a metaphor for my life im trying to be poetic'
b'yes mr. amdahl i would love to waste my homeroom reading...'
b'yes, netflix, i want to watch a christmas kiss in the middle a freaking september'
b'yes not all men are jerks and feminism is not about hating men we love the men of our lives, our daddy, our'
b"yes! perfect! i love when you're scheduling and all the classes you need fall in the same time frames on the same day! beautiful!"
b"yes please keep ignoring me... that's great smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes smiling face with smiling eyes"
b"yes.. please stalk me so i know you're an insecure little bitch."
b'yessss the people upstairs are just sounding like they are having the most life changing sex, so happy for them...'
b'yes stairs + not being able to breathe = one happy ginger face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'yes teacher, i could have done my homework last night. i also could have murdered ur family last night. lets be ok with the fact i did neither'
b"yesterday : i'll start tomorrow today : tomorrow tomorrow : tomorrow 10 years later : tomorrow"
b'yesterday i saw something that reminded me of you. i almost stepped in it!'
b"yesterday, passport office said new one was in post. today they tell me they've just received application - twice!"
b'yesterday : tired today : tired tomorrow : tired next week : tired next month : tired next year : tired next life : tired'
b'yesterday was so fun having other nursing majors take my heart rate temperature and blood pressure. we are getting there slowly'
b'yes thanks piss me off even more than i already was'
b"yes, that's definitely something i would be proud of too.."
b'yes! the internet is so good! 3 kbps... my phone is gonna be in lockdown for a whole day cause of it. updating to ios8'
b'yes the mature thing is to delete everything and not say a word about it'
b'ygs 100 tomorrow! so excited to wake up 4 once'
b"yiayia keeps saying her eyes are raining because they're watering from her surgery"
b'yo fellas how did that " wow " comment you left on that girls facebook picture play out'
b"yogi's unite! i have a fantastic restorative class for you tonight. getting deep into those inner tissues of the"
b'yo if ur still trippin about likes on insta ur a fag and you need to grow up theres more important things in life you should be worried about'
b'yo i miss my san antonio peeps. i missed a mike party cool'
b'yeah chilling in your ever so busy shop got time to be on do not you have overpriced trainers to sell'
b'yolo? good thing you told me this, i thought we all live twice.'
b'i literally read your tweet and then go surprise when i saw it raining face with tears of joy'
b'good i can use " i am about to graduate nursing school & i would like to learn korean to connect with my patients on a personal'
b'yoooooo i did itt. was totally the easiest thing ever lol'
b'yoooo you really funny as hell dude face with tears of joy face with tears of joy i love pissin you off its so easy, but you got dat geometry orrr'
b"you ain't cleaning your room, until you stumble upon a photo that makes you think eac and eveyr decision in life! smile"
b'you already know, gang gang gang, squad squad " dumb ass annoying mfs think saying that is cute or something, shut the fuck up face with tears of joy'
b'you also get entered to win a amazon gift card just for signing up at that link \xf0\x9f\x99\x8c\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b'you always find a way to... piss me off. thanks unamused face'
b'smiling face with heart shaped eyes \xe2\x9d\xa4\xef\xb8\x8f you an amazing swimmer and i miss working with you over the summer and we need to get the gang together and all go do something \xe2\x98\xba\xef\xb8\x8f'
b"you and jose are real cute \xf0\x9f\x98\x8d, you make me laugh because you're dumb af"
b'you are all here on social media complaining about your life and someone somewhere is craving to gain your attention.'
b'you are cordially invited to see a mediocre band that some dude who\'s kind of your friend plays in. " - facebook'
b'you are hilarious unamused face'
b'you are in high school do not run around in the rain and get soaking wet'
b'you are just cold blood killers... in my name'
b'you are just so cool \xe2\x9c\x8c\xef\xb8\x8f'
b'you are like so cool.'
b'you are my past. you can not be my present. and will never be my future..'
b'you are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.'
b'\xf0\x9f\x8d\x95\xf0\x9f\x92\xaf; you are one of my best pals! you piss me off sometimes but i probably would not be passing w/o you sooo thanks! face with tears of joy'
b"you are one of the most genuine people i've ever met in my life i am so glad i could call you my friend and you're my bitch so smiling face with sunglasses"
b'you are tend to make mistakes in love but irony is you can not stop loving. and then you are left alone coz other person is unaware.'
b'you are the father!'
b'you are what you eat " i do not remember eating a huge disappointment'
b'you assume i give a fuck? cute.'
b"you can call me a bitch lmao idgaf cus i am the bitch that you're losing sleep over face with stuck out tongue and winking eye mad ass"
b'you can delete your post but you can not delete the screenshot i sent my best friend'
b'you can drink a drink, but you can not food a food.'
b'you can just tell the news reporters covering the one direction concert are really happy with their career choices.'
b'you can never go hungry at the beach because of all the sand which is there'
b'you can never win arguing w/these idiots. its just spoiling your time and efforts. the best treatment for them is to ignore/block.'
b"you can pretend we're strangers, but i've seen you naked before."
b"you can pretty much text anything as long as you put a happy face emoticon afterwards. you're a slut smile"
b'you can say anything as long as you put a smiley after it, look : " do not talk to me ever again smile "'
b'you can see the love in her eyes smile \xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1\xe2\x99\xa1'
b'you can sleep another half hour, i\'ll take you to college " mum is the real mvp'
b'you can not be best friends without insulting each other constantly.'
b'you be with every1 cos all people will you'
b'you can not dress like a slut and expect a guy to approach you like a princess.'
b"you can tell a lot about a woman's mood just by her hands. for example, if she is holding a gun she's probably angry."
b"you can tell a man's age by how close their socks are to their knees."
b'you can tell everything you need to know about a person by their average corn chip to salsa ratio.'
b'you can tell how crazy a girl is by how many hashtags she puts on an instagram picture.'
b'you can tell how old someone is by what part of the chex mix is their favorite.'
b'you can tell the loves me'
b'you can not even trust the ones you wanna trust nowadays tbh'
b'you cant just skip to your favorite part of a song you have to earn it'
b"you can not just use me, then ignore me, then come back when you need me. that's not how it works."
b'you can not please everyone, so you might as well just concentrate on me.'
b'you can not say you worked for everything you have when your parents literally have you everything lmao raised hand'
b"you can not stop a person from doing what they want to do. they'll start lying to you to continue doing it."
b"you can vote here until midnight tonight to help jacksonville's new bridge middle win a stem lab"
b'you cared so much.. pensive face'
b"you consider me as one of your i'll consider you non -existent..."
b'you could call me at 2am and i wouldnt mind but if you call me at 7am in the morning i will rip your insides out'
b'you could give me 45 years to do homework and i still would not do it until the night before.'
b"you could literally pick me up and run your errands and i'd enjoy myself, i am just chillin. anything is better than doing nothing."
b"you couldn't piss me off any more rn. like thanks for pointing out the obvious... question still not answered"
b"you could take 15 mins to reply and i'd still reply in 3 seconds, lol why am i like this"
b'you cute but are you trying to grow with me or waste my time'
b"you deserve someone who is obsessed with you... anything less just isn't worth your time"
b'you deserve the best friend of year award'
b"you deserve to be with someone who looks at you every single day like they've won the lottery and have the whole world in front of them."
b'you\'d make a really cool ghost! " is a new positive spin on " kill yourself.'
b"you do every body else's paper and make me last!"
b"you do know that nbc news is not a reliable source. it's canned. throw it in the can, cook for hours and then spew across table."
b'you done been good, but you can do better. i done wet, but i can get wetter.'
b"you do not continuously hurt someone you say you love. i'd rather be left alone."
b'you do not have to agree with every detail of a person or place in order to love them/it.'
b'you do not have to be good enough for anyone but yourself. and the right people are gonna love you the way you are'
b'you do not have to be vulnerable to enjoy love you can keep your guard up and still be happy with someone'
b'you do not have to know someone to fall in love with them'
b"you do not have to love me if you do not wanna, do not act like i mean nothing if you're gonna"
b"you do not have to love working out to be healthy. look at the example you're setting for your kids. they watch you and see more than you think"
b'you dont know embarrassment until you have to wear science goggles over your glasses'
b"you do not know pain unless you've tied your hair with a rubberband and then tried to take it out."
b'you do not need a perfect relationship. all you need is someone who loves your weirdness, wants to spend time with you and respects you.'
b'you do not need people in your life who only pretend like you matter the one day and act like you dont even exist the next day \xf0\x9f\x96\x95\xf0\x9f\x8f\xbc'
b"you do not need to absorb the bad things going on. you need to focus on how you're going to vibrate higher. let's shift. let's love."
b'you do not need to be better than anyone else, you just need to be better than you used to be.'
b'you do not need to be stressed! " okay but consider this : i am'
b'you do not need to compare me with others, i know my imperfections.'
b'you do not own a dog? sorry i can not come over i am busy today'
b'you do not really know someone until you get ridiculously drunk with them.'
b"you'd think i was wanted for murder or something by the way i react when someone rings the doorbell unamused face"
b"you'd think since i've taken calc 3 i'd be ballin in physics 1..."
b"you'd think the people in front of me at this self-checkout were trying to operate a nuclear reactor"
b"you either like me or you don't. it took me years to learn how to love myself, i do not have that kinda time to convince somebody else."
b'you ever called someone hoping they will not answer? just so you can say " i called but you never answered " face with tears of joy'
b'you ever just want to come home and stuff your face but no food is made so you have to wait'
b"you ever lied so much on a resume, you're actually shocked that they gave you the job? i mean look at me, do i look like an astronaut?"
b'you ever meet someone that makes you really happy it never worked with anyone else'
b'you ever see someone in the gym so hot, that you can not even remember what exercise you were doing?'
b'you explain things so great...'
b'you feel so sleepy, it literally dulls your brain. then you get a chance to sleep & you tweet.'
b'you gave him the drawls? gonna sleep so great tonight... cause last night weary face weary face \xf0\x9f\x98\xa9. lol'
b'you get so mad like when you hate things you hate things and you know it it\'s so funny "'
b'you go down for me. you lay down and do the time for me. sorry boo. yeah, i lie to you but do not you lie to me.'
b'you gotta date someone you can have fun at a grocery store with'
b'you guys the doctors are as curious as you are about hunt and riggs. the rumors and speculation = chuckles.'
b'you had me at " hello " and you lost me at " i think your friend is cute "'
b'you had time to do your homework all weekend " bitch i work more hours a week than you do. think i got time for that? suck a fat dick.'
b'you hate me? hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i hate you too smile'
b'you hate me? well okay, grab a chair and wait for me to care.'
b'you have 9 homework assignments due for my class by next monday but have an awesome thanksgiving break "'
b'you have no idea how hard it is scheduling vacations to coincide with conventions for the blind just so i can avoid hotel fees for my dog.'
b'you have not replied in three minutes what did i do why do you hate me'
b'you havent seen a woman overreact until you tell her she is overreacting'
b'you have taken away my best friend of 6 years... you should feel acomplished.'
b'you have to wonder... the guy who discovered milk, what was he doing to that cow?'
b'you is broke you is tired you is a college student'
b'you just fucked up everything. fucking thanks you jealous fucktard'
b'you just keep doing everything you can go piss me off.! thanks sleeping face'
b'you just love starting arguments and not being able to finish them do not you'
b'you kids nowadays are so lucky. in my day we only had front facing cameras. very hard to take a selfie.'
b'you kinda had to be there. " = " i never should have told this story and i realize that now. please forgive me.'
b'you know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.'
b'you know how much i love my job because it is easy to find jerks everywhere... so i always go there is one, oops another one, oh well'
b'you know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?'
b"you know i am comfortable with you when : i am weird with you i sing whatever song comes into my mind i say what's on my mind i talk nonsense."
b"you know it's a good pt when your feet are bleeding."
b'you know it\'s bad when your very first thought of the morning is " i can not wait to take a nap after school "'
b'you know its cold outside when you go outside and its cold'
b"you know it's going to be a good weekend when you're projected to suck beyond belief in fantasy"
b'you know it\'s going to be a great story when its starts off with " so this bitch... "'
b"you know, it's not really bad to spread a positive vibes, it's kinda fun somehow"
b"you know it's true love when my kitty wants to cuddle & i do too but she makes me sneeze like crazy but i still cuddle"
b"you know it's way past your bed time when the 1 -800 -dial -a -hoe commercials come on."
b'you know, i would probably learn chemistry for fun if college did not make it mandatory and compacted. cramming and stressing kinda ruined it'
b"you know nothing about a woman until she's drunk and mad at you"
b"you know that greener grass you see over there? you do realize it's because they fertilize it with bull sh*t right?"
b"you know that nervous feeling you get every time you're about to slide your debit card? and then the joy you feel when it says approved"
b"you know that thing called sleep.. yeah that thing where you're knocked out for a few hours... can i have some of that? it would be great"
b"you know that thing when you're in a hotel but someone is blasting music when you're trying to rest? yeah."
b'you know the fun part of your life is over when people around you are getting pregnant on purpose.'
b'you know what a great feeling is? getting the exfoliating beads from face wash in your eye.'
b'you know what i love doing? rehashing old arguments.'
b'you know what i love? when i am happily working at my computer and the browser says, " hes dead jim " and promptly shuts down.'
b"you know what is fun? waking up to discover your entire body is covered in hives & knowing it's almost certainly from stress"
b"you know what's weird? we see ourselves everyday in the mirror but we do not see ourselves grow up or change."
b'you know what " tuna sub? says backwards? what i am going to do on your face.'
b'you know what we say to sleep?'
b'you know what would be great. if i did not have to take a standardized test to get back into school.'
b'you know what would be great? sleep guess what i can not do, like, ever? sleep'
b'you know what would make your face look better? (what?) my legs wrapped around it.'
b'you know when someone catches you off guard and you say hello in a weird way and you replay it in your head for the rest of your life'
b'you know when you blank me it makes me feel fucking awesome?'
b'you know when you plan an outfit in your head all week then you try it on and you look like trash'
b'you know who are the real true friends when you ask for help, they will not hesitate to help you'
b'you know who is ugly? look at the first word'
b'you know you are hopeless when you ask a blind girl out, and she replies " no, i am seeing someone else. "'
b'you know you had an awesome night when you need sunglasses to get food out the fridge.'
b"you know you look rough when the cashier at tesco asks you if you've been involved in a car crash!"
b'you know you love your work when you go there on your day off.. face with stuck out tongue and winking eye'
b'you know you need a break from school once you start spelling your name wrong'
b'you know you need to get a life when you even dream in texts.'
b'you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch, and wake up on the couch.'
b"you know you're all grown up when you actually pick up the ice cube instead of kick it under the fridge."
b'you know you really love someone when you snorkel with them'
b'you know you\'re an alcoholic when you type " wish you were here. " and your phone autocorrects it to " wish you were beer. "'
b"you know you're desperate for an answer when you look on the second page of google."
b"you know you're drunk when getting from the living room to the bathroom to piss is a long ass journey."
b"you know you're fucked when those late night thoughts start hitting you in the middle of the day"
b"you know you're getting old when cops make you feel safe instead of nervous."
b"you know you're lazy when you get excited about cancelled plans."
b"you know you're sleep deprived when you realize you only shaved one leg after you get out the shower"
b'when you have to think twice before riding a bicycle.'
b"you know you're ugly when you call yourself ugly and no one disagrees with you."
b'you know your life is great when your 45 working at mcdonalds face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b"you know your loved when your dad forgets it's your birthday"
b'you know your out of it when you got out the shower 20 minutes ago and you realize you only shaved one leg. face with tears of joy unamused face'
b"you know you've found the one when they do not mind if you fart in front of them. which is why no one on this elevator can be my girlfriend."
b'you know you\'ve won the argument when the other person responds with " whatever... "'
b"you'll be great all day but who's going to be laying beside you, holding you at 4am when you can not sleep?"
b"you'll end up real disappointed if you grow up thinking everyone has the same heart as you do"
b"you'll end up really disappointed if you think people will do to you what you'd do for them."
b"you'll never know the value of a moment until becomes a memory."
b'you long dicking grandmothers? " face with tears of joy " you dry humping grandfathers? " face with tears of joy face with tears of joy'
b'you make me strong'
b'you make me wanna slit my wrists and play in my own blood, you make me wanna kill myself just for the fucking fun.'
b"you matter because you're a matter."
b'you matter. unless you multiply yourself by the speed of light squared. then you energy.'
b'you may have a hot body but i have a hot bucket of fried chicken so whos the real winner here'
b'you may have been brushing your teeth wrong for your entire life'
b'you may love the wrong person, cry for the wrong reason. but one thing is sure ; mistakes help us to find the right person.'
b'you mean so much to me. i wish i meant as much to you.'
b'you mean " the puke "...'
b'you might be a truck guy if... your girlfriend\'s name in your phone is " virginity delete kit ".'
b'you might find pleasure in making out or getting laid but there would never be anything sexier than bunking college after the break.'
b"you must be a math problem because you're difficult and annoying."
b'you must be so proud of how good a student you are.'
b"you must have been born on a highway, cause that's where most accidents happen."
b'you need to smile more " well, you need to shut the fuck up'
b'you never fail to piss me off somehow. thanks.'
b'you never realize how boring your life is until someone asks what you like to do for fun'
b'you never realize how much you love sleeping until you have to wake up in the morning'
b'you never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.'
b'you never truly know a co-worker, till you see how they react to a paper-jammed copy machine.'
b'i love having to tweet stuff for classes "'
b'you open and close the fridge 3 times in a row thinking something tasty will appear next time?'
b'you piss me off but i am tryna be a nice person so i think you need to move to antarctica and get the fuck away from me. thanks smile'
b'\xf0\x9f\x98\x88\xf0\x9f\x94\xa5 - you piss me off sometimes but i really do love you and thanks for always being there for me.'
b"you probably shouldn't tweet sappy lyrics about your boyfriend when he was literally with me like last week..."
b'you put up a good run face with tears of joy'
b'your an absolute cunt... you and everyone else smile'
b'your bra strap is showing " oh no no one can know that i, a teenage female, is wearing a bra someone call victoria cause her secret\'s out'
b'your call is very important to us. please enjoy this 20 minute flute solo.'
b'your completely random insertion of just one spanish word into a joke is tearing this familia apart.'
b'your cool for that subtweet.'
b"you're a disney princess who is just currently in the sad part of her feature film. it's going to be okay."
b"South Sudan you're a fun person to be around but we do not talk much besides chemistry"
b'you\'re a girl so act like one ". oh, i am sorry. i did not realize my vagina came with a terms and conditions manual.'
b'you really get to know yourself after a month of being cooped up in a house against your own will.'
b'you really losing if you let your girl go to sleep mad...'
b'you really want to piss me off this morning? thanks. pouting face'
b"you're almost as irrelevant as the t in the word tsunami"
b'you\'re always on your phone " well you\'re always on my nerves'
b"you're a racist bitch. they have everything to lose with you."
b"you're at starbucks? please post pictures of your coffee, i've never seen one before."
b"you're a whore. you have no right to be saying that sex is about connection because you literally fucked someones boyfriend."
b'you\'re boring " lmao nahhh i am just not interested in you so i do not see the point of me entertaining you'
b"you're boyfriend or girlfriend should never feel like their in competition with someone else"
b'\'you\'re cute when you\'re mad. " " yeah well i am about to get real fucking adorable. "'
b"you're either part of the solution or you're one of my coworkers."
b"you're fucking stupid. it's just going to get canceled. thanks for wasting our time."
b'you\'re literally worse than isis if you disagree with me. " -internet talk yes, this is from real " argument " on the internet.'
b'you remind me of santa in that you work about one day a year and spend the other 364 days judging.'
b"you're not stupid... you just have really bad luck when you think."
b"you're right, strange woman giving me your opinion on having tattoos. i regret them right now because they caused you to talk to me."
b"you're right, you did not ask that guy for a dick pic, but nobody asked for hundreds of pictures of your face either."
b"you're so much better than a -rod at concealing your drug use on the job."
b"you're so ugly, that when your mom dropped you off at school she got a ticket for littering."
b"you're such a burnt out zombie, you always suck out all the fun."
b"you're such a great friend unamused face"
b"you're the first person i want to talk to when i wake up and the last person i wish to see before i fall asleep."
b'your family is great... you pick them well'
b'your first piece, and it already starts with lies and slander. good job.'
b"your girl using your phone is like a cop trailing you. even if you're innocent, you still feel like you got a kilo of blow in the trunk."
b'your joy is they poison your suffering they supper'
b'your life is messed up already and you can not bear a running app in your android phone.'
b'your mad fun to talk too'
b'your mcm does not need to be your boyfriend every week.. we already know you sucking his dick'
b'your necklace hanging from my neck the night we couldnt quite forget when we decided to move the furniture so we could dance'
b'your nose is connected to the memory center of your brain. that\'s why smells can trigger powerful memories. "'
b'your not supposed to call someone out on their tweets! \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c\xf0\x9f\x98\x9d'
b'your perfect relationship is over? did not see that one coming.'
b'your phone is fine its only that it had lost its virginity shut the hell up'
b'your heavy black heart pumps (on avg ) 5l of blood in 1 minute'
b"your pussy is wet but your personality is dry... that's why niggas hit and leave you."
b'your rambling, incoherent political facebook post has helped me see the error of my ways.'
b"your reputation in high school does not matter once you graduate anyways so why spend 4 years trying to impress people you'll never see again"
b'your screenshots of text message conversations tell me :1. you have a great sense of humor 2. to never trust you'
b"your secrets are safe with me because chances are i wasn't listening."
b"your snapchat story isn't even a thing until your crush has watched it"
b'your talent is being the human version of a fucking headache'
b'your voicemail will be ignored in the order in which it was received. beep.'
b'your wcw lost her virginity back then, cos of just bb phone'
b"you said you'd stay committed 2 the relationship if everything is good but the sex was horrible with no chance of getting better!"
b"you seem pretty scared of catching the flu for someone who's not remotely scared of catching stds."
b'you seriously need to grow up!... and other things i yelled at my kid while i ate star wars mac n cheese for dinner.'
b"you should always choose b ) on multiple choice tests because it looks like a cool sunglasses face. that guy knows what he's talking about."
b'you should be able to park in an " expecting mother " parking space if you\'re waiting for your mom.'
b'you should have opened your eyes i was crazy for you'
b'you should just fall in love with me already. so i can immediately lose interest and we can both move on with our lives.'
b"you shouldn't compare yourself with others, because no one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you."
b'you should talk more! " me :*tries to talk* - gets ignored - gets interrupted - gets talked over - no one pays attention - no one cares'
b'you should think that a student driver stops when you go to the other side of the street'
b'you smell like old people. " just love hearing that from the hubby.'
b"you spend a lot of money because you have a lot of money, but then you realize how much more it'd be if you cut everything off."
b'you spend the first two years teaching your children to walk and talk and the next sixteen telling them to sit down and shut up.'
b'you still make me smile. even if you are the main reason why i am sad.'
b'you sure know how to treat a girl'
b'you taking a real long time to text back'
b'you text him, he does not text back. he was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.'
b'you text me i respond in 15 seconds then apparently you die of excitement because 2 hours later i am still waiting for a response'
b"you think it's all fun and games until you're a senior and you suddenly have to make 729736 life decisions and it's just real hard man"
b"you think i would've burnt out by now, but i am having more fun doing pods than i have in years."
b"you think your life is hard? just think, there's a turtle out there that has been flipped on its back and can not get up. fuck your problems"
b'you : time to start this homework *four hours later* you : time to start this homework'
b'you took my daughters virginity! " " i am sorry sir. it will not happen again.'
b'you traded in your iphone 4 for an extra half inch? hope your girlfriend does not do the same.'
b'enough punishment in itself and no one should ever have to go through that again.'
b"i do not understand the new youtube rules kid's do not need to hide from bad language some i am sorry but it needs to be said"
b"if your platforms dosen't tolerate free speech and sarcasm, everybody should leave you behind a d find someone else less salty."
b'i would be fucking homeless if i had quit my job to do this!'
b'just finished watching "ungrip". highly recommended viewing for everyone who has the desire to be truly "free"'
b'i fucc wit you for hitting that shot at like 40 seconds'
b'thanks for ruining the best video streaming media online you really fucked this one up! aw crap, i guess i will not make on this tweet'
b"that or you'll realize how stupid a decision this was and try to get rid of it in a week or so. what does vevo think of all this?"
b"there's free porn you can watch it for free if google do not know what you're age"
b'you\'ve changed "... no, i think the proper term is " i\'ve stopped trying to please your ass.'
b"you've got higher grades than mine, not because you're smarter than me, but because i am lazier than you."
b"you've got roughly. 003 seconds after the cashier gives you your change to clear out before the person behind you wants to set you on fire"
b'you wanna be tied down, always have to answer to someone, and not even be able to look at the other gender? get into a relationship!'
b'you wanna see a perfect relationship? watch a movie.'
b'you wear that shirt a lot " yes because i own it'
b'you were my cup of tea but i drink champagne now'
b'you wish your were the topic...'
b'yum, i love toilet water'
b"i'd have to find someone who's good at both crisp lines and colourful tats on dark skin"
b'well the parent was concerned like me, but barella was upset i did not handle it like an adult & come to her about it lmao'
b'yup. do not i just feel awesome.'
b"yup, i am a jumper if i want it im goin for it.. trying isn't an option"
b'tpab has no reply value at all. his last album was disappointing bc you can not enjoy it. except alright i can not bump anything'
b'sometimes i wish you would babysit my vagina. can not wait to get back on the road'
b'at all, if somebody says that he is an'
b'go and translate the tweet i tweeted just before this one. you need to know.. you are the "he"'
b'i could see the makeup artists giving you an asian type look. omg it b hot. screw mary jane'
b"slvr... that's great name face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy"
b'he is the fag we need but not the fag we deserve right now.'
b'zuma sounding like kanye west right now trying to explain the difference between socialism and capitalism'
b'so true. students - stick around and have fun at the game. then go home to screaming family and burnt turkey!'
